股份代號：489                        Stock Code: 489




           2023   年度報告                            2023   ANNUAL REPORT




                         2023
Contents
Corporate Profile and Summary of Business            2

Chairman’s Statement                                 5

Director Report                                      8

Management Discussion and Analysis                   41

Main Work Experience of Directors, Supervisors and
  Senior Managers of the Issuer                      49

Report of the Supervisory Committee                  55

Corporate Governance Report                          58

Independent Auditor’s Report                         87

Consolidated Income Statement                        93

Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income       94

Consolidated Statement of Financial Position         95

Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity          98

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                 100

Notes to the Financial Statements                    104

Five Year Financial Summary                          227

Definitions                                          228
    Corporate Profile and Summary of Business


    I.   CORPORATE INFORMATION

         COMPANY NAME

         Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited


         REGISTERED ADDRESS

         Special No. 1 Dongfeng Road
         Wuhan Economic and Technology Development Zone
         Wuhan, Hubei
         PRC


         PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC

         Special No. 1 Dongfeng Road
         Wuhan Economic and Technology Development Zone
         Wuhan, Hubei
         PRC


         PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG

         5/F, Manulife Place
         348 Kwun Tong Road
         Kowloon
         Hong Kong SAR


         AUDITOR

         Ernst & Young


         Certified Public Accountants and
         Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor




2   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
           Corporate Profile and Summary of Business (Continued)



II.    STOCK PROFILE OF THE COMPANY

       LISTING DATE

       7 December 2005


       PLACE OF LISTING

       The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”)


       STOCK CODE

       00489


       TOTAL SHARE CAPITAL

       RMB8,302,252,000 (as of 31 December 2023)


III.   OTHER RELATED INFORMATION

       COMPANY WEBSITE

       www.dfmg.com.cn


       JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES

       Liao Xianzhi
       Yuen Wing Yan, Winnie (FCG, HKFCG(PE))


       HONG KONG H SHARE REGISTRAR

       Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
       Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor
       Hopewell Centre
       183 Queen’s Road East
       Wan Chai
       Hong Kong SAR




                                                                        2023 Annual Report   3
    Corporate Profile and Summary of Business (Continued)



    IV.   BUSINESS SUMMARY

          Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited (“Dongfeng Motor Group”) was listed on the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange on 7 December 2005. The main business of Dongfeng Motor Group encompasses passenger
          vehicle and commercial vehicle businesses, including whole vehicles, key assemblies, service and other related
          business, covering various market segments including premium, high-end, mid-end, and entry grade vehicles.
          Its domestic business operations are primarily concentrated in more than 20 cities across China, such as
          Wuhan, Shiyan, Xiangyang, Guangzhou, Liuzhou, Zhengzhou, Chengdu, Chongqing, and Dalian.


          As one of the industry leaders in China’s automotive market, Dongfeng Motor Group has a complete
          coverage in passenger vehicle segments, exerting a significant market influence and enjoying high brand
          awareness. Dongfeng Motor Group’s passenger vehicle portfolio includes proprietary brands such as M-Hero
          Technology, Yoyah, Dongfeng Fengsheng and Dongfeng Liuqi, as well as joint venture business units such
          as Dongfeng Nissan and Dongfeng Honda. Additionally, Dongfeng Motor Group has strategically positioned
          itself in the commercial vehicle sector, boasting a complete industrial chain layout and delivering excellent
          product performance. It is recognized as a leading manufacturer in the commercial vehicle industry. Within the
          commercial vehicle segment, Dongfeng Motor Group’s operations are primarily concentrated in companies
          such as Dongfeng Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Automobile Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor
          Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Specialty Vehicle Co., Ltd., Zhengzhou Nissan, and others.


          Dongfeng Motor Group’s automotive finance business has enjoyed significant growth momentum, with the
          entire business process being digitalized to better support the vehicle business. Currently, the auto finance
          operations of Dongfeng Motor Group primarily take place within Dongfeng Finance Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Motor
          Finance Co., Ltd., Chuangge Financial Leasing Co., Ltd., and Dongfeng Nissan Auto Finance Co., Ltd.


          In recent years, Dongfeng Motor Group has accelerated the development of its automotive “LEICS” (lightweight,
          electric, intelligent, connected, and shared) strategy, which involves establishing a comprehensive layout for
          new businesses. This includes the branding, platforms, and product layout for proprietary new energy vehicles,
          as well as the optimization and upgrading of core resources, with a focus on proprietary brands and the
          transition to new energy vehicles. The company has successfully industrialized and localized the production of
          batteries, motors, and electronic controls, and has gained expertise in key technologies and critical resources
          such as the “Longqing” green and low-carbon power brand for commercial vehicles, the “Mach” green and
          low-carbon power brand for passenger vehicles, IGBT, fuel cell technology, and the entire technical chain
          associated with them.




4   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                                      Chairman’s Statement


Dear Shareholders,


On behalf of the Board of Directors, I hereby present the 2023 annual report of Dongfeng Motor Group for your
review.


In 2023, facing the complex situation of accelerated market demand differentiation, deepening competition pattern
and increasing challenges, the Group adhered to the main line of transformation and development, and made every
effort to promote the transformation from relying on joint ventures to equal emphasis on both joint ventures and
independent development, and from focus on fuel-powered vehicles to a balance between energy-saving vehicles
and new energy vehicles. The progress met the expectations of transformation and further strengthened the
foundation for corporate development.


In 2023, approximately 2,088,200 units of vehicles were sold in this period, representing year-on-year decrease of
15.3%; sales of independent brand passenger cars reached 347,400 units, a decrease of 30.2% year-on-year; sales
of commercial vehicles reached approximately 343,400 units, an increase of 10.3% year-on-year. The Group’s sales
of new energy vehicles in this period were approximately 348,000 units, accounting for an increase of 2.7 percentage
points in the Group’s sales, of which, sales of high-end brand VOYAH exceeded 50,000, an increase of 159.1%
year-on-year. Due to the continued decline in market share of non-luxury joint venture passenger cars, the Group’s
joint venture business achieved sales of 1.3974 million units, of which, Dongfeng Nissan’s sales decreased by 21.5%
year-on-year and Dongfeng Honda’s sales decreased by 8.5% year-on-year. The Group’s overseas export business
maintained a good growth momentum, with export sales of 169,100 units, an increase of 14.3% year-on-year,
achieving the best level in history.


In this period, the Group achieved sales revenue of RMB99.315 billion, with a net loss attributable to shareholders of
listed companies of RMB3.996 billion. As of the end of 2023, the Group has abundant cash reserves, amounting to
more than RMB100 billion. The Group continuously optimize asset structure and operational efficiency. The asset-
liability ratio for this period was 51.7%, with a stable asset-liability structure. Operating cash flow increased by
RMB1.991 billion year-on-year, with an operating cash ratio of 8.61%, steadily increasing operating cash flow.




                                                                                                2023 Annual Report       5
    Chairman’s Statement (Continued)


    In the face of a very severe situation, the Group focused on the overall goals of the “14th Five-Year Plan” and the
    Three-Year Action Plan for “Transition Action of technological innovation”, and deepened reform and innovation,
    accelerating the pace of transformation and upgrading in new energy. We comprehensively completed the layout
    of new energy brands, platforms, products, and core resources, achieving new development in fields such as
    independent new energy vehicles, control of key core technologies, and deepening reforms, and forming a strategic
    layout that is significantly better than the era of traditional fuel vehicles.


    The Group established comprehensive brand layout. In the luxury car market, we have positioned ourselves in
    the luxury electric off-road brand Dongfeng M HERO, and the first product, M HERO 917, achieved a transaction
    price of around RMB700,000 and has sold over a thousand units since its launch in September last year. In the
    high-end car market, Dongfeng VOYAH has completed three rounds of product iteration, with a transaction price of
    around RMB250,000 and sales volume in 2023 have exceeded 50,000 units. For the mainstream consumer market,
    Dongfeng eπ’s first model, eπ007, was put into mass production and launched to market on March 14 this year. In
    the entry-level market, the first model of Dongfeng Nammi, the Nammi 01, started deliveries in January this year.


    Through continuous innovation, we provided strong support for the transformation of new energy. We have
    built three major platforms for independent passenger cars: the M TECH Luxury Offroad Architecture, the Dongfeng
    Quantum Architecture, and the DSMA energy-saving Architecture. In the fields of green energy and intelligence,
    we have independently mastered technologies and resources such as the “three core e-components”, electronic
    and electrical architecture, automotive-grade chips, independent controllers, intelligent driving, and fuel cells. We
    have increased our investment in technology, and the number of new invention patents authorized by the Company
    remains the highest in the industry.




6   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                      Chairman’s Statement (Continued)


Committed to promoting institutional and mechanism reforms that are in line with our transformation and
upgrading. We have been accelerating the implementation of the three-year transformation and upgrading plan,
unwaveringly strengthening and optimizing Dongfeng’s independent business and new energy vehicles. We have
carried out the “PV Transition Action” to manage the three major brands of Dongfeng Fengshen, Dongfeng eπ, and
Dongfeng Nammi in an integrated manner, and pool the resources of the Group to develop the independent new
energy passenger vehicle business. We have implemented the “R&D Transition Action” and established a research
and development institute to build a “1+n” research and development system, focusing on the transformation and
upgrading of new energy, deeply integrating the group’s research and development system and resources, and
comprehensively enhancing research and development efficiency. Furthermore, we have implemented the “CV
Transition Action” for Dongfeng’s commercial vehicle business and established a commercial vehicle business unit to
operate the commercial vehicle business in an integrated manner across the Group, concentrate superior resources,
help boost the commercial vehicle business to fully compete in the new energy era, and create a world-class
commercial vehicle enterprise.


The implementation of these measures has achieved significant progress. From January to February this year, the
Group sold 331,000 units of vehicles, an increase of 26.2%, achieving a “good start”. Looking ahead, the Group
will anchor the goals and tasks of the new mid-term business plan. We will strengthen our mission of “striving for
first place and being a good national team”, and make every effort to achieve transformation and breakthroughs,
surpassing and leaping forward, and promoting new and greater progress in the Company’s operations, in order to
assist all shareholders in achieving value appreciation.


Finally, on behalf of the board of directors, I would like to express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for their
continued support and contribution.


                                                                                                            Yang Qing
                                                                                                      Wuhan, the PRC


                                                                                                        28 March 2024




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report       7
    Director Report


    I.    BUSINESS OVERVIEW

    Dongfeng Motor Group is principally engaged in the businesses of research and development, manufacturing
    and sales of commercial vehicles, passenger vehicles, engines and other auto parts, automobile equipment
    manufacturing, import and export of automobile products, logistics services, financing services, insurance agency
    and used car trading.


    1.    Whole vehicle

          (1)    Passenger vehicles


                 The passenger vehicle business of Dongfeng Motor Group is mainly operated in the own business units
                 such as M TECH, VOYAH Automobile, Dongfeng Aeolus and Dongfeng Liuzhou Automobile and the
                 joint venture business units such as Dongfeng Nissan and Dongfeng Honda. Dongfeng Motor Group
                 mainly produces and sells 89 series of passenger vehicles, including 32 series of sedans, 9 series of
                 MPVs and 48 series of SUVs. The main products include:


                 ■      Dongfeng M HERO 917;


                 ■      Dongfeng VOYAH FREE, DREAM, PASSION;


                 ■      Dongfeng Aeolus Yixuan, Haohan, E70; Dongfeng eπ007，Dongfeng NAMMI 01;


                 ■      Dongfeng Forthing Lingzhi, T5, Youting;


                 ■      Dongfeng Venucia V-online, V-online DDI, VX6;


                 ■      Dongfeng Nissan Altima, Sylphy, X-Trail, Qashqai, Ariya; Dongfeng Infiniti QX50, QX60;


                 ■      Dongfeng Honda CIVIC, CR-V, XR-V, UR-V, INSPIRE, Elysion and eNS1;


                 ■      Dongfeng Peugeot 408, 408X; Dongfeng Citroën C5, C5X, e Elysee.




8   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                              Director Report (Continued)


     (2)   Commercial vehicles


           The commercial vehicle business of Dongfeng Motor Group is mainly operated by Dongfeng
           Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Motor Automobile Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor Co.,
           Ltd., Dongfeng Special Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd. and Zhengzhou Nissan Automobile Co., Ltd.
           Dongfeng Motor Group mainly produces and sells 27 series of commercial vehicles, including 14 series
           of heavy- and medium-duty trucks, 7 series of light-duty trucks, 4 series of pickup trucks and 2 series
           of buses. The main products include:


           ■     Dongfeng Kinland, Dongfeng Kingrun, Dongfeng Vasol and Chenglong series products in terms
                 of heavy- and medium-duty trucks;


           ■     Dongfeng Duolika, Dongfeng Captain, Dongfeng Tuyi, Dongfeng Xiaobawang and Dongfeng
                 Furika series products in terms of light-duty trucks;


           ■     Rich and Navara series products in terms of pickup trucks;


           ■     Dongfeng Tianyi and Dongfeng Yufeng series products in terms of buses.


2.   New energy vehicles

     In recent years, Dongfeng Motor Group has accelerated the development of its new-energy vehicle business
     of “LEICS” layout, and by the end of 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group produces and sells 34 kinds of new
     energy passenger vehicles and 9 kinds of new energy commercial vehicles. The main products of new energy
     passenger vehicles are Dongfeng M HERO 917, Dongfeng VOYAH FREE, DREAM, PASSION; Dongfeng
     Aeolus SKY EV01, E70; Dongfeng NAMMI BOX; Dongfeng Forthing Lingzhi M5EV, Forthing S50EV, pure
     electric SUV; Dongfeng Venucia V-online DDI, D60EV, VX6; Dongfeng Nissan Sylphy BEV, Ariya; 27 Dongfeng
     Honda CR-V PHEV, eNS1 and INSPIRE PHEV; Dongfeng Peugeot 4008 PHEV, 508L PHEV; Dongfeng Citroën
     C5X PHEV and so on. The main products of new energy commercial vehicles are Dongfeng Kinland, Dongfeng
     Kingrun, Dongfeng Vasol, Dongfeng Captain, Dongfeng Tuyi, Dongfeng Tianyi and Dongfeng Yufeng.




                                                                                             2023 Annual Report      9
     Director Report (Continued)


     3.   Production capacity

          As at 31 December 2023, the whole vehicle production capacity of Dongfeng Motor Group was approximately
          3.98 million units, representing an increase of 0.14 million units as compared to the end of 2022, mainly
          attributable to Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle Company. The whole vehicle production capacity of commercial
          vehicles was approximately 0.62 million units and that of passenger vehicles was approximately 3.36 million
          units.


     4.   Sales and service channels

          As the new LEICS trend of the automobile industry continued and market competition deepened and
          intensified, the changes in both marketing models and channels also continued to deepen. On one hand,
          Dongfeng Motor Group promoted the transformation and upgrading of sales channels, and enhanced
          customer operation capacity and improved customer satisfaction through digital tools such as APPs and
          WeChat applets; on the other hand, it also explored new channel models by using the channel of directly-
          managed stores + eco-stores for the Dongfeng VOYAH. As at 31 December 2023, the Dongfeng Motor Group
          had a total of 6,027 sales outlets covering 31 provinces (municipalities and autonomous regions) across the
          country.


     5.   Financing services

          As of the date of the announcement, the financing service business of Dongfeng Motor Group is currently
          operated by the following companies: Dongfeng Auto Finance Co., Ltd, Dongfeng Motor Finance Co., Ltd.
          Dongfeng Nissan Auto Finance Co., Ltd.


     6.   Capital expenditure

          In 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group completed a total of actual investment (equity method) amounting to
          RMB12,487 million, representing an increase of RMB2,995 million, or 32% as compared to the same period
          last year. The main reasons for the increase were the increase in investment in MTECH, eπ, Nammi and
          other independent new energy vehicle business, and in “three core e-components” and other products of
          Intelligent Power System Co., Ltd. Among them, the capitalization of research and development expenditure
          and the purchase of intangible assets amounted to about RMB3,711 million, and the fixed assets and other
          expenditure amounted to about RMB8,776 million.




10   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                                 Director Report (Continued)


7.   Business Outlook

     In 2024, it is expected that the automobile industry will maintain its growth momentum, and continue to
     accelerate the transformation into new energy and intelligent vehicles. Chinese automobile exports will be
     facilitated, and the scale of automobile industry in China will rank the first worldwide. In terms of passenger
     vehicles, it is expected that further policies will be launched at the state level to stimulate the overall consumer
     market; in terms of commercial vehicles, driven by factors such as demand release from clearing vehicle
     inventories at the China National Standard 5 (CN-5) and the early elimination of vehicles at the China National
     Standard 4 (CN-4), the total industry volume (TIV) of the domestic market will increase, bringing benefits to
     the overall market. However, the automobile market will still be affected by the global economic downturn,
     the slow recovery of consumption and confidence, geopolitics and other unfavourable factors. The core
     competitiveness of China’s new energy vehicles has been formed and will continue to grow at a high rate,
     while the export market will maintain its growth trend but at a lower rate. For the year, 31 million units are
     expected to be sold, representing a year-on-year increase of 3.0%.


     The sales target of Dongfeng Motor Group in 2024 is 2.7 million units, a year-on-year growth of 29% compared
     to 2023. With the continuous optimization of the Group’s strategic layout, transformation breakthrough, brand
     upward and other aspects, and the orderly and gradual launching of new models, passenger car sales target
     is 2.28 million, an increase of 30%. With the acceleration of the integration of the Group’s commercial vehicle
     business, the layout of gas vehicles, new energy and high-horsepower models gradually showed strength, and
     the sales volume of commercial vehicles was targeted at 420,000 units, an increase of 22% year-on-year.




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report        11
     Director Report (Continued)



     II.   SIGNIFICANT EVENTS

           Proposed final dividends

           The Board did not propose to distribute a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2023.


           Material legal proceedings

           For the year ended 31 December 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group was not involved in any material litigation or
           arbitration and no material litigation or claim was pending or threatened or made against Dongfeng Motor
           Group as far as Dongfeng Motor Group was aware.


           Dividend distribution by the Company’s jointly controlled entities (JCEs)


           In 2023, the Company’s JCEs, in total, declared and distributed aggregate dividends of approximately
           RMB2,349 million to the Company. Although the exact amounts of dividend distributions are not set each year,
           pursuant to each of the joint venture agreements, distributions are required to be paid out of the profit made
           by the relevant JCEs (after payments of income tax) in accordance with the relevant PRC law as determined
           at the meetings of the Board of Directors of each JCE as being appropriate dividend distributions on the
           circumstances of each JCE. When determining dividend distributions, the Board of Directors of each JCE will
           offset losses of previous years and deduct from the profit made by the relevant JCE the portion of profit to be
           allocated for applicable legal reserves as required under the PRC laws and regulations and company reserve
           (including but not limited to amounts allocated to cover the relevant JCE’s working capital or to increase
           capital or expand production), employee bonus and welfare and company development. Pursuant to each of
           the joint venture agreements, distributions of profit will be made in proportion to the capital contributions paid
           by the relevant joint venture party and the Company respectively in accordance with the PRC laws.


           None of the JCEs has any specific dividend policies other than those disclosed above. However, if both the
           Company and the joint venture partners agree, the JCEs can declare dividends when there are distributable
           profits. Since dividend distribution is the primary channel for return of investment to the Company and the
           relevant joint venture partner in respect of each JCE, in the past, the JCEs have fully paid out all profits for
           each year after offsetting losses of previous years, after deducting applicable legal reserves as required under
           the PRC laws and regulations and after allocations were made by each relevant JCE for company reserve
           (including but not limited to amounts allocated to cover working capital or to increase capital or expand
           production). In the future, it is the intention of the Company and the relevant joint venture partner to continue
           to declare dividends when there are distributable profits for the relevant JCE, subject to agreement between
           the Company and the relevant joint venture partner on the appropriate dividend distributions based on the
           circumstances of each JCE and pursuant to the provisions of the relevant joint venture agreement and the
           applicable PRC laws and regulations.




12   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                             Director Report (Continued)


Financial summary


A summary of the Group’s operating results, for the last five years ended 31 December 2023 and the assets
and the liabilities of are set out on page 227 in this annual report.


Bank loans and other borrowings


Details of the bank loans and other borrowings of the Group are set out in note 31 to the audited financial
statements.


Property, plant and equipment


Changes in property, plant and equipment of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set out in
note 14 to the audited financial statements.


Designated deposits and overdue term deposits


As at 31 December 2023, the Group had no designated deposits and overdue term deposits in any financial
or other authorities.


Reserves


Details of movements in reserves of the Company and the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are
set out in note 42 to the audited financial statements and the consolidated statement of changes in equity
on page 98, respectively. Pursuant to Article 155 of the Articles of Association of the Company, if there
are material discrepancies between the financial statements prepared in accordance with the accounting
standards and regulations in the PRC and the financial statements prepared in accordance with International
Financial Reporting Standards or the accounting standards in other place(s) where the Company is listed,
the after-tax profit to be allocated for the relevant accounting period shall be the lower of the after-tax profits
in these financial statements. The Board of Directors recommends no profit distribution for the year 2023,
subject to consideration and approval at the annual general meeting to be held on 21 June 2024.




                                                                                             2023 Annual Report       13
     Director Report (Continued)


          Donations


          The Group has made total donations of approximately RMB11 million for the year ended 31 December 2023.


          Major customers and suppliers


          During the year ended 31 December 2023, the revenue attributable to the five largest customers accounted
          for no more than 30% of the Group’s revenue for the year.


          Subsidiaries, JCEs and other companies in which the company has direct equity interests


          As at 31 December 2023, details of the subsidiaries and JCEs as well as other companies in which the
          Company has direct equity interests are set out in notes 18, 19 and 20 to the audited financial statements for
          the year respectively.


          Share capital


          As at 31 December 2023, the aggregate share capital of the Company was RMB8,302,252,000, divided into
          8,302,252,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of RMB1 each, of which 5,760,388,000 were Domestic
          Shares representing approximately 69.38% of the aggregate number of shares in issue, and 2,541,864,000
          were H Shares representing approximately 30.62% of the aggregate number of shares in issue.


          Pre-emptive rights


          There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s Articles of Association or the laws of the
          PRC.


          Purchase, sale or redemption of securities of the Company


          Reference is made to the circular of the Company dated 29 May 2023, the Directors believe that the reason
          to repurchase of the Company’s H Shares is based on the full confidence in the future development of the
          Company, helps maintain the Company’s investment value and the Company’s reputation in the capital
          market, and is also in line with the Company’s future development strategy. The Directors are of the view that
          the flexibility afforded by the H Share Repurchase Mandate would be beneficial to and in the best interest of
          the Company and its Shareholders. The relevant resolution had been passed at Annual General Meeting held
          on 20 June 2023.


          During the twelve months of 2023, the Company repurchased a total of 313,092,000 H shares on the Stock
          Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. As at 31 December 2023, the total number of H shares in issue was
          2,541,864,000.




14   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                        Director Report (Continued)


Details of the share repurchase are as follows:


                                                                                                     Total
                                                                                            Consideration
                                         Number of    Purchase price per share (HKD)               (before
                                         the shares                                             expenses)
Month                                  repurchased           Highest            Lowest               (HKD)


January 2023                              3,800,000              4.55              4.43        17,068,780
May 2023                                 19,250,000              3.40              3.31        64,978,400
June 2023                                38,850,000              4.11              3.41       147,230,580
July 2023                                10,220,000              3.71              3.47        36,573,001
August 2023                               5,240,000              2.99              2.87        15,397,356
September 2023                           81,440,000              3.10              2.93    245,837,213.20
October 2023                             80,204,000              3.48              2.94    257,449,523.40
November 2023                            51,914,000              3.65              3.45    182,742,730.60
December 2023                            22,174,000              4.01              3.73     85,764,739.00

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the Company’s listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                                      2023 Annual Report      15
     Director Report (Continued)


          Interests of Substantial Shareholders


          As at 31 December 2023, the names and relevant number of shares of the persons who hold 5% or more
          (Classification of shareholding structure according to domestic shares and H shares) of the class shares in the
          issued capital of the Company (other than directors and supervisors), as recorded in the register to be kept by
          the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance are set out below:

          Note:   (L) – Long position, (S) – Short Position, (P) – Lending Pool


                                                                                                  Percentage in
                                                                                                    the class of    Percentage in
                                                                                   Number of       issued share     the total share
          Name                                       Class of Shares              shares held            capital            capital
                                                                                                            (%)                (%)


          Dongfeng Motor Corporation                 Domestic Share         5,760,388,000 (L)         100.00 (L)             69.38
                                                     H Share                  256,742,000 (L)           10.10 (L)             3.23
          Reynolds Margaret (Meg)                    H Share                  218,378,654 (L)            8.59 (L)             2.63
          Ward Bryan                                 H Share                  218,378,654 (L)            8.59 (L)             2.63
          Westwood Global Investments, LLC           H Share                  218,378,654 (L)            8.59 (L)             2.63
          Citigroup Inc.                             H Share                  153,383,331 (L)            6.03 (L)             1.85
                                                                                  5,246,511 (S)          0.21 (S)             0.06
                                                                              151,050,252 (P)            5.94 (P)             1.82




16   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                           Director Report (Continued)


Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company


During the year, the directors, supervisors and senior management of the Company include:


Directors


Zhu Yanfeng               Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors
                            (Resigned on 2 November 2023)
Yang Qing                 Executive Director and Chairman of the Board of Directors
                            (Appointed as the Chairman on 2 November 2023)
You Zheng                 Executive Director
Huang Wei                 Non-executive Director (Resigned on 17 May 2023)
Zong Qingsheng            Independent Non-executive Director
Leung Wai Lap, Philip     Independent Non-executive Director
Hu Yiguang                Independent Non-executive Director

Senior Management


Feng Changjun             Vice President
Li Jun                    Secretary to the Board of Directors
Liao Xianjun              Joint Company Secretary

Brief biographies of each of the directors and senior management are set out on pages 49 to 50 and 52 to 54
of this annual report.


Supervisors


He Wei                    Chairman of the Supervisory Committee
Bao Hongxiang             Supervisor
Jin Jun                   Employee Supervisor

Brief biographies of each of the supervisors are set out on pages 51 to 52 of this annual report.




                                                                                           2023 Annual Report   17
     Director Report (Continued)


          Directors’ and Supervisors’ Interests in the Share Capital of the Company


          As of 31 December 2023, the directors, supervisors, and key executive officers of the Company, as well as
          their associates, held the following interests in the share capital or debt securities of the Company or any
          associated corporations (as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance): (a) interests that are required
          to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange under Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the Securities
          and Futures Ordinance (including interests deemed or treated as owned under the relevant provisions of the
          Securities and Futures Ordinance and short positions); or (b) interests that are required to be registered in the
          register referred to in section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance; or (c) interests that are required
          to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
          Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) of the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange as follows:


          Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company:


                                                                                                               Percentage    Percentage
                                                               Capacity in which                Number of        of issued        in the
                                              Class of         shares were/are         shares bought/sold          shares    total share
          Name      Position                  share            held                             or involved       in class       capital
                                                                                                                      (%)           (%)


          He Wei    Chairman of the           H Share of the   Beneficial interest   100,000 (Long Position)         0.00          0.00
                      Supervisory Committee     Company
          Jin Jun   Employee Supervisor       H Share of the   Beneficial interest    60,000 (Long Position)         0.00          0.00
                                                Company

          Confirmations of independence from independent non-executive directors


          The Company has received the annual written confirmations of independence from all independent non-
          executive directors in 2023, namely Mr. Zong Qingsheng, Mr. Leung Wai Lap, Philip, and Mr. Hu Yiguang.
          They are independent in the view of the Company.


          Directors’ and supervisors’ service contracts


          None of directors nor supervisors proposed to be re-elected at the forthcoming annual general meeting have
          entered into a service contract with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year
          without payment of compensation, other than statutory compensation.


          Directors’ and supervisors’ interests in contracts


          Except for service contract, none of the directors or supervisors of the Company has direct or indirect material
          interests in any important contract entered into by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and JCEs during the
          year ended 31 December 2023.




18   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                         Director Report (Continued)


Remunerations of directors and supervisors


Details of the remunerations of the directors and supervisors of the Company are set out in note 8 to the
audited financial statements.


Five highest-paid individuals


Information on the five highest-paid individuals of the Company is set out in note 9 to the audited financial
statements.


Employees


As at 31 December 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group had a total of 112,706 full-time employees. The number of
employees in various divisions and their percentage of the total number of employees are as follows:


                                                                                  No. of      Percentage of
Division                                                                     Employees                   Total


Manufacturing workers                                                             65,475               58.07%
Engineering and technology                                                        18,667               16.56%
Management                                                                        28,094               24.91%
Services                                                                             524                0.46%


Total                                                                           112,760                100.00%


The remuneration package of Dongfeng Motor Group’s employees includes salary, bonuses and allowances.
In accordance with the relevant national and local laws and regulations on labour and social welfare, each
member of Dongfeng Motor Group is required to pay in respect of each of its relevant employees a monthly
social insurance premium covering pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment insurance,
occupational injury insurance and maternity insurance.




                                                                                         2023 Annual Report      19
     Director Report (Continued)


          Retirement benefits


          Details of the retirement benefits provided by the Group are set out in note 6 to the audited financial
          statements for the year.


          Management contracts


          No contracts concerning the management or administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
          business of the Company were entered into with any person, firm or legal person during the year ended 31
          December 2023.


          Directors’ and supervisors’ interests in competing businesses


          None of the directors of the Company or their associates own any interests in businesses which compete or
          are likely to compete with the businesses of the Group nor have other interest conflicts with the Group.


          Compliance with non-competition agreement


          The Company has received from Dongfeng Motor Corporation a written confirmation confirming that during the
          year ended 31 December 2023, it had complied with Non-competition Agreement signed with the Company.


          Public float


          As at the date of this report, on the basis of publicly available information and to the best knowledge of the
          Company and its directors, more than 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital is held by the public (as
          defined in the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong).




20   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                                    Director Report (Continued)



IV.   CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

      For the year ended 31 December 2023, the continuing connected transactions between Dongfeng Motor
      Group and Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its associates (as defined under the Listing Rules) were as follows
      (together with the highest annual caps exempted subject to the Listing Rules):


      (Unless otherwise specified, the following connected transaction amounts of Dongfeng Motor Group (including
      joint ventures) are prepared on a full consolidated basis (before adjustment on a proportionate consolidated
      basis))


      1.        Trademarks Licensing

                Date:                29 October 2005


                Parties:             (1)    Dongfeng Motor Group
                                     (2)    Dongfeng Motor Corporation


                Objective:           Dongfeng Motor Corporation granted to Dongfeng Motor Group a non-exclusive
                                     right to use certain trademarks owned by and registered in the name of Dongfeng
                                     Motor Corporation in order to ensure the commercial activities of the Company,
                                     including sales of products, are in compliance with the applicable laws and
                                     regulations


                Term:                Ten years from 7 December 2005 to 6 December 2015 (the agreement has been
                                     automatically renewed for another ten years upon its expiration of the ten-year
                                     term)

                Pricing:             Nil

      2.        Social Insurance Funds

                For the year ended 31 December 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group made payments to the following funds
                or schemes through the accounts of Dongfeng Motor Corporation according to the applicable laws and
                regulations in the PRC: (1) basic pension fund; (2) supplementary pension fund; (3) medical insurance; (4)
                unemployment insurance; and (5) housing provident fund (collectively called “Social Insurance Funds”).




                                                                                                    2023 Annual Report       21
     Director Report (Continued)


          3.    Master Auto Parts Sales Agreement

                On 4 January 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Motor Corporation entered into a master
                agreement (the “Master Auto Parts Sales Agreement”) in relation to sales of auto parts and other
                products, the principal terms of which are set out below.


                Date:               4 January 2023


                Parties:            (1)    Dongfeng Motor Group
                                    (2)    Dongfeng Motor Corporation


                Objective:          Pursuant to the Renewed Master Auto Parts Sales Agreement, the Company
                                    agreed to sell and procure its subsidiaries to sell auto parts, raw materials and
                                    other products (including, amongst others, fuel tank, exhaust pipes, mounting and
                                    other auto parts of commercial vehicles) to the DFM Group for producing products
                                    as required. During the term of the Renewed Master Auto Parts Sales Agreement,
                                    the parties and/or their respective subsidiaries may from time to time enter into
                                    definitive sale agreements setting out further particulars on the sale. The exact
                                    number of the auto parts and other products to be sold is based on the parties’
                                    production plans and/or the specific sale agreements.


                Term:               Three years from 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive)


                Pricing:            The prices of the auto parts and other products charged by the Company will be
                                    determined in accordance with prevailing market prices that are comparable to the
                                    price offered to the Company by its other independent customers and are to be
                                    agreed between the parties.

                The proposed annual caps for sales of auto parts to Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries
                for the year 2023 was approximately RMB1,500 million. As of 31 December 2023, the annual actual
                amount for Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries’ purchase of auto parts was approximately
                RMB351 million.




22   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                        Director Report (Continued)


4.   Master Auto Parts Procurement Agreement

     On 4 January 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Motor Corporation entered into a master
     agreement (the “Master Auto Parts Procurement Agreement”) regarding the procurement of auto parts
     and other products for the Group, the principal terms of which are set out below.


     Date:               4 January 2023


     Parties:            (1)    Dongfeng Motor Group
                         (2)    Dongfeng Motor Corporation


     Objective:          Pursuant to the Renewed Master Auto Parts Procurement Agreement, DFM
                         agreed to provide and procure its subsidiaries to provide auto parts and other
                         products (including, amongst others, event data recorders, electronic products
                         and other customised auto parts) to the Group as required by the Group from
                         time to time. During the term of the Renewed Master Auto Parts Procurement
                         Agreement, the parties and/or their respective subsidiaries may from time to
                         time enter into definitive procurement agreements setting out further particulars
                         on the procurement. The exact number of the auto parts and other products
                         to be purchased is based on the parties’ production plans and/or the specific
                         procurement agreements.


     Term:               Three years from 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive)


     Pricing:            The purchase prices to be payable by Dongfeng Motor Group under the Master
                         Auto Parts Procurement Agreement are determined with reference to the market
                         price of comparable products which are available on an arm’s length basis and on
                         terms no less favourable than those provided by at least two independent suppliers
                         for comparable products

     The proposed annual caps for procurement of auto parts from Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its
     subsidiaries for the year 2023 was approximately RMB580 million. As of 31 December 2023, the annual
     actual amount of procurement of auto parts from Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries was
     approximately RMB106 million.




                                                                                         2023 Annual Report   23
     Director Report (Continued)


          5.    Master Logistics Services Agreement

                On 4 January 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Motor Corporation entered into a master
                agreement in relation to provision of logistics services (the “Master Logistics Services Agreement”), the
                principal terms of which are set out below.


                Date:               4 January 2023


                Parties:            (1)    Dongfeng Motor Group
                                    (2)    Dongfeng Motor Corporation


                Objective:          Pursuant to the Master Logistics Services Agreement, Dongfeng Motor Corporation
                                    agreed to provide and procure its subsidiaries to provide logistics services to the
                                    Group. During the term of the Master Logistics Services Agreement, Dongfeng
                                    Motor Group may from time to time enter into individual agreement(s) or sales
                                    orders with Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries in relation to provision
                                    of logistics services to the Group


                Term:               Three years from 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive)


                Pricing:            The price under the Master Logistics Services Agreement will be agreed within the
                                    range of the government-guided price (if any) prescribed or approved by state or
                                    local price control department and where there is no government-guided price, at
                                    market price

                The proposed annual caps for the logistics services provided by Dongfeng Motor Corporation and
                its subsidiaries to Dongfeng Motor Group for the year 2023 is approximately RMB8,000 million. As
                of 31 December 2023, the annual actual amount for Logistics Service provided by Dongfeng Motor
                Corporation and its subsidiaries to Dongfeng Motor Group was approximately RMB5,375 million.




24   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                        Director Report (Continued)


6.   Master Automobile Inspection Services Agreement

     On 4 January 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Motor Corporation entered into the master
     technology consultancy and automobile inspection services agreement (the “Master Automobile
     Inspection Services Agreement”), the principal terms of which are set out below.


     Date:               4 January 2023


     Parties:            (1)    Dongfeng Motor Group
                         (2)    Dongfeng Motor Corporation


     Objective:          Pursuant to the Master Automobile Inspection Services Agreement, Dongfeng
                         Motor Group agrees to engage Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries
                         for provision of technology consultancy and vehicle inspection services. During
                         the term of the Master Automobile Inspection Services Agreement, Dongfeng
                         Motor Group may from time to time enter into definitive written agreement(s) with
                         Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries in relation to the provision of
                         technology consultancy and vehicle inspection services to the Group, subject
                         to the terms and conditions of and in compliance with the Master Automobile
                         Inspection Services Agreement


     Term:               Three years from 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive)


     Pricing:            The price will be determined with reference to the market prices for comparable
                         services which are available on an arm’s length basis and on terms no less
                         favourable than those provided by at least two independent service providers
                         for services of the same type and comparable quality. In determining the market
                         prices, the marketing department of the Company will collect the relevant market
                         information, review and compare the quotations obtained from at least two
                         independent service providers for identical or comparable services, and prepare
                         fee quotes for review by the business department of the Company. The business
                         department will take into consideration the average transaction price of the target
                         services in the preceding year and the competition status when reviewing the
                         fee quotes. The business department of the Company will further submit the fee
                         quotes to the management of the Company for review and approval.

     The annual caps of payment by Dongfeng Motor Group to Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its
     subsidiaries for the provision of vehicle inspection services by Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its
     subsidiaries are approximately RMB1,000 million for the year 2023. As of 31 December 2023, the
     annual actual amount for vehicle inspection services provided by Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its
     subsidiaries to Dongfeng Motor Group was approximately RMB572 million.




                                                                                        2023 Annual Report     25
     Director Report (Continued)


          7.    Financial Services Master Agreement

                On 4 January 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Motor Corporation entered into a financial
                services master agreement (the “Financial Services Master Agreement”), the principal terms of which
                are set out below.


                Date:                4 January 2023


                Parties:             (1)    Dongfeng Motor Group
                                     (2)    Dongfeng Motor Corporation


                Objective:           Pursuant to the Financial Services Master Agreement, Dongfeng Motor Group
                                     agreed to provide and procure its subsidiaries to provide financial services to
                                     Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries. The parties may from time
                                     to time enter into individual financial services agreement in compliance with
                                     the principles set out in the Financial Services Master Agreement. Services to
                                     be provided by Dongfeng Motor Group to Dongfeng Motor Corporation and
                                     its subsidiaries include (i) treasury services, including budget management,
                                     settlement, fund allocation and depository; (ii) financing services, including lending,
                                     discount, acceptance and factoring; and (iii) financial services in relation to the
                                     automobile products of Dongfeng Motor Corporation, including consumer facilities,
                                     buyer facilities and leasing


                Term:                Three years from 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive)


                Pricing:             Financial services to be provided under the Financial Services Master Agreement
                                     will be charged at (i) the government-prescribed prices approved by the state or
                                     local government; (ii) where there is no government prescribed price but where
                                     there is a government guidance price, the government-guidance prices; and (iii)
                                     where there is neither a government prescribed price nor a government-guidance
                                     price, the market prices; and/or (iv) at rates determined on an arm’s length and
                                     reasonable basis and comply with the applicable policies and requirements
                                     stipulated by the relevant financial regulatory authorities from time to time and
                                     other applicable laws, rules and regulations of the PRC

                The proposed annual cap for the outstanding loans (excluding entrust loans) to be provided by
                Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries to the Company of the year 2023 was RMB1,500
                million. As of 31 December 2023, the outstanding loans (excluding entrust loans) to be provided by
                Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries to Dongfeng Motor Group were approximately RMB0
                million.




26   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                         Director Report (Continued)


8.   Renewed DF Nissan Auto Finance Master Financial Services Agreement

     On 4 January 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group entered into a renewed master financial services agreement
     (the “Renewed DF Nissan Auto Finance Master Financial Services Agreement”) with DF Nissan Auto
     Finance for the provision of financial services to DF Nissan Auto Finance, the principal terms of which
     are set out below.


     Date:                4 January 2023


     Parties:             (1)    Dongfeng Motor Group
                          (2)    Dongfeng Nissan Auto Finance Co., Ltd.


     Objective:           Pursuant to the Renewed DF Nissan Auto Finance Master Financial Services
                          Agreement, the Company agreed to purchase and DF Nissan Auto Finance agreed
                          to provide financial services to the Company and its subsidiaries. The parties may
                          from time to time enter into individual financial services agreement setting out the
                          particulars of the services in compliance with the principles set out in the Renewed
                          DF Nissan Auto Finance Master Financial Services Agreement. Services to be
                          provided by DF Nissan Auto Finance and its subsidiaries to the Group include
                          (i) accepting deposit placed by the Group; (ii) financial services in relation to the
                          automobile products including consumer facilities and financial leasing.


     Term:                Three years from 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive)


     Pricing:             Financial services to be provided under the Renewed DF Nissan Auto Finance
                          Master Financial Services Agreement will be charged at (i) the government-
                          prescribed prices approved by the state or local government; (ii) where there is
                          no government-prescribed price but where there is a government-guidance price,
                          the government-guidance prices; and (iii) where there is neither a government
                          prescribed price nor a government-guidance price, the market prices; and/or (iv)
                          rates determined with reference to rates set by the commercial banks on an arm’s
                          length and reasonable basis and in compliance with the applicable policies and
                          requirements stipulated by the relevant financial regulatory authorities from time to
                          time and other applicable laws, rules and regulations of the PRC.

     The maximum balance of Deposits maintained by Dongfeng Motor Group with Dongfeng Nissan
     Auto Finance Co., Ltd. shall not exceed RMB3,000 million on any given day for the year 2023. As of
     31 December 2023, the outstanding amount of the deposits placed by Dongfeng Motor Group with
     Dongfeng Nissan Auto Finance Co., Ltd. was RMB0 million.




                                                                                         2023 Annual Report       27
     Director Report (Continued)


          9.    Master Lease Agreement

                (1)   On 4 January 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Motor Corporation entered
                      into a master lease agreement (the “Renewed Master Lease Agreement”), the principal
                      terms of which are set out below.


                      Date:             4 January 2023


                      Parties:          (1)   Dongfeng Motor Group (excluding Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd.)
                                        (2)   Dongfeng Motor Corporation


                      Subject matter:   Pursuant to the Renewed Master Lease Agreement, DFM agreed to lease
                                        and procure its subsidiaries to lease the land use rights of a piece of land
                                        located in Hubei Province, the ownership of the buildings thereon and
                                        related machinery, transportation and office equipment (the “Assets”) to
                                        the Company and its subsidiaries and the Company agreed to lease the
                                        Assets from DFM and its subsidiaries to meet the Group’s production and
                                        operational needs.


                      Lease term:       Three years from 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days
                                        inclusive); and before the lease term expires, the parties may negotiate to
                                        extend or renew the lease.


                      Rental:           The rental amount is determined with reference to the market rental of the
                                        Assets as appraised by an independent valuer jointly engaged by the parties
                                        to the Renewed Master Lease Agreement based on the market rental of
                                        comparable assets which are available on an arm’s length basis and on
                                        terms no less favourable than those provided by at least two independent
                                        providers for assets of comparable quality, and the transaction prices
                                        between the Group and independent third parties for leases of similar assets
                                        in similar locations (if any). During the term of the Renewed Master Lease
                                        Agreement, rental payments shall be made semi-annually and within 10
                                        days after half of or the whole calendar year (i.e. 30 June or 31 December).
                                        If the Company or its subsidiaries fail to meet their payment obligations
                                        under the Master Lease Agreement, it will pay to DFM or its subsidiaries
                                        a fine on a daily basis at the rate of 5% until the outstanding payment has
                                        been made.


                      Sublet:           Without written consent from Dongfeng Motor Corporation or its
                                        subsidiaries, Dongfeng Motor Group shall not sublet the land or assign any
                                        rights or obligations under the Master Land Lease. And the land shall be
                                        used according to the purpose as set out in the Master Land Lease




28   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                   Director Report (Continued)


      The annual cap of the net value of right-of-use assets arised from leasing by Dongfeng Motor
      Group from Dongfeng Motor Corporation was approximately RMB1,500 million in 2023. As of
      31 December 2023, the net value of right-of-use assets arised from leasing by Dongfeng Motor
      Group (excluding Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd.) to Dongfeng Motor Corporation was approximately
      RMB1,027 million.


(2)   Lease land between Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. and Dongfeng Motor Corporation


      Date:                From 2003 to 2053


      Parties:             (1)    Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd.
                           (2)    Dongfeng Motor Corporation


      Lease Term:          50 years


      Pricing:             Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. leases land parcels from Dongfeng Motor
                           Corporation for ordinary production and operation


      Pricing:             At fair market rate

      The Company and the Stock Exchange have agreed that the abovementioned transactions will
      comply with the annual reporting requirements under Rule 14A.71 of the Listing Rules, and the
      Company will only disclose annual total amounts of transactions pursuant to waivers stated
      in the following paragraphs (i) and (iv). It was due to the fact that disclosure of consideration
      for each transaction of each joint venture may constitute a disclosure of commercial sensitive
      information of the joint ventures and is not in the interests of the Company nor the joint ventures.


      In addition, with respect to transactions mentioned in the following paragraphs (ii) and (iii),
      disclosing total consideration and additional terms in compliance with Rule 14A.71(4) of the
      Listing Rules will constitute a disclosure of commercial sensitive information of the joint ventures
      and is not in the interests of the Company nor the joint ventures. In this regard, the Company has
      applied to the Stock Exchange for, and has been granted with, a waiver from strict compliance
      with the requirements under Rule 14A.71(4) of the Listing Rules during each of the transaction
      periods.


      Annual caps of the abovementioned transactions determined in accordance with the
      requirements stipulated in Rule 14A.53(2) of the Listing Rules will not be in the interests of the
      Company and relevant joint ventures. In this regard, the Company has applied to the Stock
      Exchange for, and has been granted with, a waiver from strict compliance with the requirements
      under Rule 14A.53(2) of the Listing Rules during each of the transaction periods.


      As of 31 December 2023, the total net value of right-of-use assets arising from leasing by
      Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. to Dongfeng Motor Corporation was approximately RMB485 million.



                                                                                    2023 Annual Report       29
     Director Report (Continued)


          10.   Mutual Supply between Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Hongtai Wuhan
                Holdings Group Limited

                Date:              28 November 2006


                Parties:           Dongfeng Motor Group
                                   Dongfeng Hongtai Holdings Group Limited


                Term:              Agreement has been effective from 28 November 2006 and is a continuing
                                   contract terminable by agreement between the parties on the occurrence of certain
                                   events such as the bankruptcy or reorganisation of a party


                Objective:         Dongfeng Motor Group sells whole vehicles and purchases auto parts such
                                   as seats for assembly through the whole vehicles selling network of Dongfeng
                                   Hongtai. Dongfeng Hongtai purchases related auto parts for assembly from
                                   Dongfeng Motor Group


                Pricing:           The consideration shall be determined on the following basis:


                                   (a)    at market price
                                   (b)    on normal commercial terms

                On 22 December 2008, Dongfeng Motor Group was informed by Dongfeng Motor Corporation that
                Dongfeng Motor Corporation acquired 91.25% interest in Dongfeng Hongtai. As of 31 December
                2023, Dongfeng Motor Corporation still owned 87.24% interests in Dongfeng Hongtai. Dongfeng Motor
                Corporation, being a substantial shareholder of Dongfeng Motor Group. Dongfeng Hongtai, having
                become a non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Dongfeng Motor Corporation, has also become a connected
                person and the associate of a connected person of the Company within the meaning of the Listing
                Rules. As a result, the ongoing transactions contemplated under the Mutual Supply Agreement between
                Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Hongtai have become continuing connected transactions of the
                Company.


                As of 31 December 2023, the total consideration paid by Dongfeng Motor Group to Dongfeng Hongtai
                for purchases of vehicle and auto parts from Dongfeng Hongtai was RMB2,272 million and the total
                amount paid by Dongfeng Hongtai to Dongfeng Motor Group for purchases of vehicle and auto parts
                from Dongfeng Motor Group was RMB383 million.




30   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                         Director Report (Continued)


11.   Whole Vehicle Sales Agreement

      Date:               4 January 2023


      Parties:            Dongfeng Motor Group
                          Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.


      Term:               Three years from 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive)


      Objective:          Dongfeng Motor Group and its subsidiaries sell whole vehicles to Dongfeng Nissan
                          Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. in accordance with the conditions and methods agreed
                          in this agreement.


      Pricing:            The prices of the whole vehicles are determined based on the market price, or/and
                          on an arm’s length and reasonable basis. DF Nissan Financial Leasing shall pay
                          the price to the Company and its subsidiaries in the way agreed by both parties at
                          the appointed time.

      As of 31 December 2023, Nissan (China) Investment Co., Ltd. holds 50% equity of Dongfeng Motor
      Co., Ltd., which is a jointly controlled entity of Dongfeng Motor Group and is also regarded as a
      subsidiary of the Company. Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. is a subsidiary of Nissan (China)
      Investment Co., Ltd., and is the associate of the major shareholders of the subsidiary of Dongfeng
      Motor Group, and therefore constitutes a connected person at the subsidiary level of the Company in
      accordance with the Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions involved in the Supply and Entrusted
      Loans Agreement between Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing is the
      continuing related party transactions of the Company.


      In 2023, the annual caps for the sale of whole vehicles by Dongfeng Motor Group and its subsidiaries
      to Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. amounted to RMB1 billion. As of 31 December 2023,
      Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. purchased whole vehicles from Dongfeng Motor Group
      and its subsidiaries with the amount of RMB0 billion.




                                                                                        2023 Annual Report       31
     Director Report (Continued)


          12.   The purchase of whole vehicles and chassis

                On 4 January 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Motor Group Co., Ltd. entered into a master
                agreement in relation to the purchase of the Group’s complete vehicles and chassis (the “Complete
                Vehicle and Chassis Purchase Master Agreement”), the principal terms of which are set out below.


                Date:               4 January 2023


                Parties:            (1)   Dongfeng Motor Group
                                    (2)   Dongfeng Motor Corporation


                Objective:          Dongfeng Motor Group shall provide the Company and its subsidiaries with whole
                                    vehicles and chassis in accordance with the demand of the Group. The quantities
                                    of whole vehicles and chassis shall be determined based on the production plans
                                    of both parties and/or specific purchase agreements entered into by both parties.


                Term:               Three years from 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive)


                Pricing:            The prices of the whole vehicles and chassis shall be determined based on the
                                    market price, and/or on an arm’s length and reasonable basis. The Group shall
                                    pay the price to the Dongfeng Motor Group using the payment method agreed
                                    upon by both parties at the specific time. Under normal circumstances, the
                                    specific purchase agreement signed by the Group and the Dongfeng Motor Group
                                    shall specify the payment period (such as monthly payment or quarterly payment,
                                    etc.) in accordance with the principle of fairness and reasonableness and ordinary
                                    commercial practice. The terms of the specific purchase agreement shall not be
                                    inferior to those that the Company may receive from an independent third party.

                In 2023, the annual caps for the Dongfeng Motor Group’s purchase of whole vehicles and chassis from
                Dongfeng Motor Corporation amounted to RMB100 million. As of 31 December 2023, Dongfeng Motor
                Group purchased whole vehicles and chassis from Dongfeng Motor Corporation with the actual amount
                of RMB4.1223 million.




32   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                         Director Report (Continued)


13.   Provision of Entrusted Loans Agreement

      Date:               1 February 2021


      Parties:            Dongfeng Motor Group
                          Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd.


      Term:               Three years from 1 February 2021 to 31 December 2023 (both days inclusive)


      Objective:          Dongfeng Motor Group and its subsidiaries provide entrusted loans to Dongfeng
                          Nissan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. in accordance with the conditions and methods
                          agreed in this agreement.


      Pricing:            Entrusted loans shall be priced based on market rates (government-prescribed
                          rate or government-guidance rate shall prevail if there is any), an arm’s length and
                          reasonable basis and in compliance with the applicable policies and requirements
                          stipulated by the relevant financial regulatory authorities from time to time and
                          other applicable laws, rules and policies of the PRC. For Dongfeng Motor Group,
                          the terms of each specific entrusted loan agreement shall not be inferior to those
                          received from an independent third party.

      As of 31 December 2023, Nissan (China) Investment Co., Ltd. holds 50% equity of Dongfeng Motor
      Co., Ltd., which is a jointly controlled entity of Dongfeng Motor Group and is also regarded as a
      subsidiary of the Company. Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. is a subsidiary of Nissan (China)
      Investment Co., Ltd., and it is the associate of the major shareholders of the subsidiary of Dongfeng
      Motor Group, and therefore constitutes a connected person at the subsidiary level of the Company in
      accordance with the Listing Rules. Therefore, the transactions involved in the Supply and Entrusted
      Loans Agreement between Dongfeng Motor Group and Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing is the
      continuing related party transactions of the Company.


      In 2023, the annual caps for the provision of entrusted loans by Dongfeng Motor Group and its
      subsidiaries to Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. amounted to RMB2,800 million. As of
      31 December 2023, the total amount of entrusted loans provided by Dongfeng Motor Group and its
      subsidiaries to Dongfeng Nissan Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. was RMB0 million.




                                                                                        2023 Annual Report       33
     Director Report (Continued)


          14.   Whole Vehicle and Chassis Master Sales Agreement

                On 4 January 2023, Dongfeng Motor Group entered into the master agreement on the sales of whole
                vehicles and chassis (the “Whole Vehicle and Chassis Master Sales Agreement”) with Dongfeng Motor
                Corporation. The principal terms are set out below.


                Date:               4 January 2023


                Parties:            (1)    Dongfeng Motor Group
                                    (2)    Dongfeng Motor Corporation


                Objective:          According to the Whole Vehicle and Chassis Master Sales Agreement, during
                                    the validity period of this agreement, Dongfeng Motor Group and its subsidiaries
                                    should provide Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries with whole
                                    vehicles and/or chassis in accordance with the conditions agreed in this
                                    agreement.


                Term:               From 4 January 2023 to 31 December 2025 (both days inclusive)


                Pricing:            The prices of the whole vehicles and/or chassis are determined based on the
                                    market price or/and on an arm’s length and reasonable basis. The payment
                                    period (such as monthly payment or quarterly payment, etc.) shall be agreed
                                    on in the specific supply agreement in accordance with the principle of fairness
                                    and reasonableness and the ordinary commercial practice, and ensure that for
                                    Dongfeng Motor Group, the terms of the specific supply agreement shall not be
                                    inferior to those received from an independent third party.

                In 2023, the proposed annual caps for the sales of whole vehicles and chassis to Dongfeng Motor
                Corporation and its subsidiaries amounted to approximately RMB1,500 million. As of 31 December
                2023, the actual amount paid by Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries for purchasing whole
                vehicles and chassis was approximately RMB620 million.




34   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                           Director Report (Continued)


15.   For the year ended 31 December 2023, the continuing connected transactions
      relating to the joint ventures include:

      The following are additional continuing connected transactions of Dongfeng Motor Group as a result of
      the Stock Exchange’s requirement that its existing and future joint ventures be regulated in a manner
      consistent with the regulation of subsidiaries of a listed group.


      (i)    Purchases of auto parts and production facilities by the Company’s joint ventures
             (including subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates) from their joint venture partners
             (including their subsidiaries and associates)


             As of 31 December 2023, each of Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Peugeot Citroën
             Automobile Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Honda Automobile Co., Ltd, Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd.
             and Dongfeng Honda Auto Parts Co., Ltd. (including each of these companies’ subsidiaries,
             joint ventures and associates) regularly purchased auto parts or production facilities from the
             joint venture partners of the Company in the manner described below and such purchases will
             continue for the duration of the joint venture term.


             Once the joint venture partners have agreed that a joint venture will commence the
             manufacturing of a new vehicle model, representatives of the joint venture will enter into
             negotiations with the foreign joint venture partner to determine an agreed price list for each
             component needed to manufacture that model. Pursuant to the contractual provisions of the
             applicable joint venture agreement, the negotiations between the relevant representatives of the
             joint venture and the relevant joint venture partners to determine the agreed price list will always
             be conducted either directly by the Company, as a joint venture partner, or by the relevant joint
             venture officers nominated by the Company to do so on behalf of the Company. The Company
             and its joint venture partners are independent from each other for this purpose; no joint venture
             partner is in a position to influence the Company to agree to terms which may not be in the joint
             ventures’ and the Company’s interest. Pursuant to the operating procedures of the Company,
             the representatives nominated by the Company have been delegated with the power to approve
             transactions within the ordinary course of business of a joint venture. However, transactions
             which are outside the ordinary course of business, material or complex must be reported to and
             approved by the relevant department of the Company. As such, such negotiations are carried
             out on arm’s length commercial terms.


             In respect of such transactions, it will be in the interest of the Company and the joint ventures
             if there is any alternative that can be obtained from local suppliers on better terms since the
             purchases of components or production equipment from the Company’s joint venture partners
             involve additional freight costs and taxations.




                                                                                           2023 Annual Report       35
     Director Report (Continued)


                     In respect of such transactions, the joint venture will obtain quotes for equivalent components
                     and production equipment that may be available from local PRC suppliers in order to determine
                     whether viable alternatives can be obtained (1) with the highest quality; (2) in a timely manner; (3)
                     at the most competitive prices. If related products are available, the joint venture will carry out a
                     tender before selecting a supplier. During the process of the tender, the joint venture shall treat
                     the partner and other third party suppliers equally.


                     As a result, the Company will not purchase any auto parts and production equipment from the
                     joint venture partner if the Company can obtain better terms from other suppliers. After a certain
                     period, fewer auto parts and production equipment will be purchased from the joint venture
                     partner since many alternatives with competitive pricing and quality are available in the PRC.
                     The process described above, known as “localisation”, is a stated priority of the joint ventures
                     provided in the relevant joint venture contracts.


                     The joint ventures (including their subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates) may only purchase
                     auto parts and production equipment from the joint venture partners (including their subsidiaries
                     and associates) if it is unable to obtain auto parts of equivalent quality or of the required
                     specifications at a more favourable price (or otherwise on more favourable terms) from a local
                     supplier. The contracts regarding the purchases of auto parts and production equipment by the
                     joint ventures (including their subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates) from the joint venture
                     partners (including their subsidiaries and associates) must be pre-approved by the Company to
                     ensure that the joint venture only enters into transactions on normal commercial terms or terms
                     which are more favourable to the joint venture.


                     Therefore, purchases of auto parts and production facilities by the joint ventures (including
                     their subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates) from their joint venture partners (including
                     their subsidiary and associates) constitute continuing connected transactions and were made
                     according to fair and reasonable terms. All of these parameters are set out in the joint venture
                     contracts and will remain in place for the duration of the joint venture term.


                     As of 31 December 2023, the total consideration paid by the joint ventures (including their
                     subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates) in respect of purchases of auto parts and production
                     facilities from the joint venture partners (including their subsidiaries and associates) was
                     RMB43,196 million.




36   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                  Director Report (Continued)


(ii)   Sales of auto parts by Dongfeng Honda Auto Parts Co., Ltd. to Honda Trading (China)
       Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Co., Ltd.


       Honda Trading (China) Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Co., Ltd., both of which are based in
       Hong Kong and engaged primarily in the import and export of Honda products, are subsidiaries
       of Honda Motor Co., Ltd.. The sales of auto parts by Dongfeng Honda Auto Parts Co., Ltd.
       to Honda Trading (China) Co., Ltd. constitute continuing connected transactions. One of the
       primary reasons for the formation of Dongfeng Honda Auto Parts Co., Ltd. was to manufacture
       auto parts for sales within the PRC and for export to the companies of Honda group overseas,
       with the corresponding benefits to such companies due to the economies of scale.


       Consequently, Dongfeng Honda Auto Parts Co., Ltd. regularly sells auto parts to Honda Trading
       (China) Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Co., Ltd.. Such auto parts are then exported by
       Honda Trading (China) Co., Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Co., Ltd. to Honda Motor Co., Ltd..


       Dongfeng Honda Auto Parts Co., Ltd. continued to sell auto parts to Honda Trading (China) Co.,
       Ltd. and Honda Motor (China) Co., Ltd. as at 31 December 2023.


       All existing and future negotiations regarding the sales to Honda Trading (China) Co., Ltd. and
       Honda Motor (China) Co., Ltd. were conducted by a Company representative on behalf of
       Dongfeng Honda Auto Parts Co., Ltd.. Pursuant to the operating procedures of the Company,
       the representatives nominated by the Company have been delegated with the power to approve
       transactions within the ordinary course of business of a joint venture. However, transactions
       which are outside of the ordinary course of business, material or complex must be reported to
       and approved by the relevant department of the Company. Therefore, such sales were and will
       be negotiated on arm’s length commercial terms and the consideration for sales of auto parts
       are based on normal market and commercial terms as agreed on a batch basis and without
       subject to a framework agreement.




                                                                                 2023 Annual Report      37
     Director Report (Continued)


                (iii)   Sales of passenger vehicle engines and related auto parts from Dongfeng Honda Engine
                        Co., Ltd. to GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. pursuant to the arrangements among
                        Dongfeng Motor Corporation, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Automobile Group
                        Co., Ltd.


                        The establishment of Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd. formed part of the arrangements
                        between Dongfeng Motor Corporation, Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou Automobile
                        Group Co., Ltd.. The primary reason for the formation of Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd.
                        was to manufacture engines and other related auto parts for sale to GAC Honda Automobile
                        Co., Ltd., Honda Motor Co., Ltd.’s another main automotive manufacturing joint venture in the
                        PRC. Dongfeng Motor Corporation’s interests in Dongfeng Honda Engine were subsequently
                        transferred to the Company.


                        Pursuant to the arrangements among Dongfeng Motor Corporation, Honda Motor Co.,
                        Ltd. and Guangzhou Automobile Group Co., Ltd., GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. would
                        only purchase from Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd. engines and other related auto parts
                        necessary for manufacturing of passenger vehicles for the duration of the joint venture term
                        at such prices as would enable the respective investment returns on Dongfeng Honda Engine
                        Co., Ltd. and on GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. to be proportionate to the initial investment
                        in these two companies (US$60,060,000 in the case of Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd. and
                        US$139,940,000 in the case of GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd.). The equity interests of GAC
                        Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. are equally held between Honda Motor Co., Ltd. and Guangzhou
                        Automobile Group Co. Ltd.. As such, GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. is a connected person
                        of the Company under Rule 14A.07 of the Listing Rules and the sales of related auto parts from
                        Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd. to GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. constitute continuing
                        connected transactions.


                        Pursuant to the contractual provisions of the relevant joint venture agreement, the negotiations
                        for the sale of engines and other auto parts between Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd. and GAC
                        Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. will always be conducted by the joint ventures’ officers nominated
                        by the Company on behalf of Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd.. The Company and its joint
                        venture partner are independent from each other for this purpose, so that no joint venture
                        partner is in a position to influence the Company to agree to terms which may not be in the joint
                        ventures’ (and therefore the Company’s) interests. Pursuant to the operating procedures of the
                        Company, the representatives nominated by the Company have been delegated with the power
                        to approve transactions within the ordinary course of business of a joint venture. However,
                        transactions which are outside the ordinary course of business, material or complex, must be
                        reported to and approved by the relevant department of the Company. As such, negotiations
                        carried out are on arm’s length commercial terms.


                        As of 31 December 2023, GAC Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. continued to purchase from
                        Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd. engines and auto parts needed by it at a total consideration
                        of RMB118 million.



38   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                    Director Report (Continued)


(iv)   Technology license and technical assistance between the joint ventures and
       their subsidiaries on the one hand and their joint venture partners (including their
       subsidiaries) on the other hand


       The joint ventures make periodic payments of royalties to the foreign joint venture partners
       pursuant to the technology licence and technical assistance agreements entered into with the
       foreign joint venture partners of the Company in respect of existing vehicle models manufactured
       by the joint ventures. The terms of the agreements relating to technology licences and technical
       assistance are fixed with reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models. Technology
       licence and technical assistance fees are negotiated on arm’s length commercial terms.
       Technology licence and technical assistance between the joint ventures and their subsidiaries
       on the one hand and their joint venture partners on the other hand constitute a continuing
       connected transaction.


       The terms of all technology licence and technical assistance between the joint ventures, their
       subsidiaries and their joint venture partners are either governed by an umbrella agreement or
       separately entered into prior to the introduction of a new vehicle model. For one of the joint
       ventures, the terms of all technology licence and technical assistance which have been entered
       into, and which in future will be entered into, between joint venture and its foreign joint venture
       partners are governed by an umbrella agreement, the agreed form of which was negotiated
       between the Company and the joint venture partner before the parties established the joint
       venture and agreed by the time the joint venture contract relating to the joint venture was
       signed. Therefore, the terms of the umbrella agreement were negotiated on an arm’s length
       basis between independent third parties. The umbrella agreement contains detailed terms
       which govern the determination of consideration for each technology licence to be entered into
       between the Company and the joint venture partners. The umbrella agreement also provides
       provisions in relation to the consideration for the technology licensed, which is in the form of a
       royalty determined in accordance with a fixed formula.


       The term of the agreements relating to technology licence and technical assistance are fixed with
       reference to the expected life cycle of vehicle models.




                                                                                    2023 Annual Report       39
     Director Report (Continued)


                     Pursuant to the contractual provisions of the applicable joint venture agreement, all negotiations
                     relating to technology license and technical assistance between the joint ventures, their
                     subsidiaries and their joint venture partners (including their subsidiaries) will only be either done
                     directly by the Company as a joint venture partner, or by the relevant joint ventures’ officers
                     delegated by the Company to do so on behalf of the Company. Pursuant to the operating
                     procedures of the Company, the representatives nominated by the Company have been
                     delegated with the power to approve transactions in the ordinary course of business of a joint
                     venture. However, transactions which are outside the ordinary course of business, material
                     or complex must be reported to and approved by the relevant department of the Company.
                     Therefore, such technology license and technical assistance between the joint ventures, their
                     subsidiaries and their joint venture partners (including their subsidiaries) were negotiated on
                     arm’s length commercial terms.


                     Generally, the pricing principle for technology license and technical assistance between the joint
                     ventures, their subsidiaries and their joint venture partners (including their subsidiaries) and their
                     subsidiaries and associates is that the party providing the technology should be fairly reimbursed
                     for its research and development costs incurred in respect of a particular vehicle model.
                     Furthermore, such research and development costs should be spread evenly over the entire
                     operations of the party providing the technology, and the PRC automotive joint venture should
                     only bear its fair share of such costs.


                     As of 31 December 2023, the total consideration paid by the joint ventures in respect of
                     purchases of technology license and technical assistance stated above was RMB4,440 million.


                     In future joint operating periods, such technology license and technical assistance fees will
                     continue to be paid to foreign joint venture partners in accordance with existing umbrella
                     agreements and contracts signed from time to time.




40   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                  Management Discussion and Analysis


I.   OPERATING ENVIRONMENT

     In 2023, China’s economic performance improved, with the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) growth rate
     increasing by 5.2% year-on-year. The overall size of the economy scaled new heights, maintaining its status as
     the second-largest in the world.


     In 2023, the domestic automotive market experienced significant changes, and the production and sales for
     the year were 30,160,900 units and 30,093,700 units, respectively, representing a year-on-year increase
     of 11.6% and 12.0%, and the recovering trend of the automobile market outperformed expectation, with
     production and sales volumes reaching new highs and remaining as the top one in the world.


     The passenger vehicle market maintained growth, with sales of 26,062,800 units throughout the year,
     representing a year-on-year increase of 10.6%. Among which, the sales volume of SUV increased by 18.0%
     year on year, the sales volume of basic vehicles increased by 3.4% year on year, the sales volume of MPV
     increased by 17.7% year on year, and the sales volume of CUV (cross-over utility vehicle) decreased by 18.1%
     year on year.


     Affected by stabilizing and improving macro economy and recovering demands of the consumer market, the
     commercial vehicles sales throughout the year were 4,030,900 units, representing a year-on-year increase of
     22.1%. In terms of the production and sales of different models, the sales of buses represented a year-on-
     year increase of 20.6%, and the sales of trucks represented a year-on-year increase of 22.4%.


     The new energy vehicle market maintained continuous and dynamic growth, the production and sales
     throughout the year were 9,587,000 units and 9,495,000 units, respectively, representing a year-on-year
     increase of 35.8% and 37.9%, and its market share reached approximately 31.6%, representing a year-on-
     year increase of 5.9 percentage points. Among which, the production and sales of new energy commercial
     vehicles accounted for 11.5% and 11.1% of production and sales of commercial vehicles, respectively, and
     the production and sales of new energy passenger vehicles accounted for 34.9% and 34.7% of production
     and sales of passenger vehicles, respectively.




                                                                                              2023 Annual Report      41
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



     II.   OPERATION ANALYSIS

           In 2023, with profound changes in China’s automobile market, the sales of the industry reached 30,093,700
           units, representing a year-on-year increase of 12.0%. In particular, new energy vehicles and outbound exports
           became the main growth engine for the industry, the market demand polarization accelerated, and the sales of
           non-luxury brands of joint ventures continued to decline. As the competition became more intensive brought
           about by “reducing price to secure more sales”, the transaction price of passenger vehicles dropped by more
           than 10%. The Group was in the adjustment period of transformation and development. Despite challenges
           facing the overall operation, the Group forged ahead under pressure, with the production and sales resuming
           quarter by quarter and basically returning back to normal level in the fourth quarter. The strategic layout,
           transformation breakthrough, brand enhancement and other aspects continuously optimized, and at the same
           time, new positive changes emerged: the strategic layout comprising new energy brands, platform structure
           and products was fully completed; the performance generated from independent brand passenger vehicle
           business continued to improve; the sales volume of commercial vehicle business rebounded steadily, with a
           year-on-year increase of 10.3%; and the outbound exports grew rapidly, setting a record high.


           The Group achieved sales volume of approximately 2,088,200 units during the period, representing a year-
           on-year decrease of approximately 15.3%, sales revenue of approximately RMB99,315 million, gross profit
           margin of 9.5% and loss attributable to shareholders of approximately RMB3,996 million. The sales volume of
           the Group’s independent brand passenger vehicle business was approximately 347,400 units, representing a
           year-on-year decrease of 30.2%, the sales structure and revenue level continued to improve, and the gross
           profit margin of the Group’s independent brand passenger vehicle business increased by 3.1 percentage
           points. Due to the impact of the significant squeeze on the viability of the non-luxury passenger vehicles of
           joint ventures market and the continuous decline of the market share, the Group’s joint-venture business
           responded by adopting a flexible business policy and pricing strategy to proactively offset the impact of the
           continuous decline in the market share of the non-luxury passenger vehicles of joint ventures, the sales volume
           of the joint venture business for the period was approximately 1,397,400 units, representing a year-on-year
           decrease of approximately 15.6%.


           Due to the effect of stabilizing and improving macro economy, recovering demands of the consumer
           market and the impetus from various favorable policies, the commercial vehicle market bottomed out and
           rebounded and achieved restorative growth. The sales volume of the Group’s commercial vehicle business
           was approximately 343,400 units, representing a year-on-year increase of approximately 10.3%. The Group’s
           commercial vehicle business has the core independent research and development capability of the entire
           product chain, and the engine brand “Dragon Engine” of commercial vehicles leads the industry in terms of
           technical performance.


           The Group actively promoted its new energy strategy and brand enhancement, with sales of new energy
           vehicles reaching approximately 348,000 units in the period, representing year-on-year growth, and the new
           energy vehicle sales as a proportion of the Group’s sales increasing by 2.7 percentage points. The sales of
           the high-end brand, VOYAH, exceeded 50,000 units, representing a year-on-year increase of 159.1%, with a
           transaction price of more than RMB250,000; the sales of the new model M-Hero 917 exceeded 1,000 units,
           with a transaction price of more than RMB700,000; and the sales of eGT reached 75,000 units.



42   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)



III.   FINANCIAL ANALYSIS

       1.   Revenue

            The revenue of the Group for 2023 was approximately RMB99,315 million, representing an increase of
            approximately RMB6,652 million, or approximately 7.2%, as compared with approximately RMB92,663
            million for the corresponding period of last year. The change in revenue was mainly from Dongfeng
            Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor Co., Ltd., Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle
            Company, and VOYAH Automobile Technology Co., Ltd.


                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                        Sales Revenue           Sales Revenue
                                                                          RMB million              RMB million


            Passenger vehicles                                                  42,543                 46,732
            Commercial vehicles                                                 49,538                 38,665
            Financing service                                                     6,151                  6,438
            Corporate and others                                                  1,603                  1,222
            Elimination                                                            (520)                  (394)


            Total                                                               99,315                 92,663


            1.1     Passenger Vehicle Business


                    The sales revenue of passenger vehicles of the Group for 2023 decreased by approximately
                    RMB4,189 million, or approximately 8.96%, to approximately RMB42,543 million from
                    approximately RMB46,732 million for the corresponding period of last year. The decrease in
                    revenue was mainly from the passenger vehicles business of Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle
                    Company and Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor Co., Ltd.


            1.2     Commercial Vehicle Business


                    In 2023, due to the effect of stabilizing and improving macro economy, recovering demands of
                    the consumer market and the impetus from various favorable policies, the commercial vehicle
                    market bottomed out and rebounded and achieved restorative growth. The sales revenue of
                    commercial vehicle business of the Group for the period was approximately RMB49,538 million,
                    representing an increase of approximately RMB10,873 million or approximately 28.1% from
                    approximately RMB38,665 million for the corresponding period of last year. The increase in
                    revenue was mainly from the commercial vehicle business of Dongfeng Commercial Vehicle Co.,
                    Ltd. and Dongfeng Automobile Co., Ltd.




                                                                                           2023 Annual Report      43
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)


                1.3    Auto Financing Service Business


                       In 2023, the Group optimized the layout of the financing service to provide customers with
                       customized financial service for the whole journey covering purchase, utilization and changes of
                       vehicles.


                       Affected by the decline in loan scale and loan interest rate, the revenue from financing service of
                       the Group for the period decreased slightly compared with the corresponding period of last year.


                       The revenue from financing service of the Group for 2023 decreased by approximately RMB287
                       million, or approximately 4.5%, to approximately RMB6,151 million from approximately
                       RMB6,438 million in the corresponding period of last year.


          2.    Cost of Sales and Gross Profit

                The total cost of sales of the Group for 2023 was approximately RMB89,849 million, representing an
                increase of approximately RMB6,013 million, or approximately 7.2%, as compared with approximately
                RMB83,836 million of the corresponding period of last year.


                In 2023, with intensifying competition in the automobile industry, the Group continued to improve its
                marketing capability and profitability to cope with the fierce competition of “reducing price to secure
                more sales” in the automobile market. The total gross profit for the period was RMB9,466 million,
                representing an increase of RMB639 million, or approximately 7.2%, as compared with RMB8,827
                million of the corresponding period of last year. The gross profit margin for the period was 9.5%, which
                was basically the same as that of the corresponding period of last year. The change of gross profit in
                this period was mainly due to the increase in gross profit of the Group’s independent brand passenger
                vehicles (Aeolus series) and new energy business (VOYAH series) compared with the corresponding
                period of last year, while that of the commercial vehicle business slightly declined due to the intensifying
                industrial competition and impacts of the sales structure.


          3.    Other Income

                The total other income of the Group for 2023 amounted to approximately RMB4,143 million,
                representing a decrease of approximately RMB1,888 million compared with approximately RMB6,031
                million of the corresponding period of last year.


                The decrease in other income was mainly due to the investment gain from the disposal of Seres shares
                amounting to RMB1,945 million last year, while the investment gain from disposal of stocks was RMB79
                million during this period.




44   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
              Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)


4.   Selling and Distribution Expenses

     The selling and distribution expenses of the Group for 2023 increased by approximately RMB1,652
     million to approximately RMB8,221 million from approximately RMB6,569 million of the corresponding
     period of last year.


     The increase in selling and distribution expenses was mainly due to: i). an increase in marketing
     expenses for the launch of new models such as VOYAH PASSION, DREAMER and FREE; ii). an
     increase in market development expenses in line with import and export business as the Group actively
     expanded overseas markets; iii) an increase in marketing expenses of the Group compared with the
     corresponding period of last year with the launch of the new models in 2023.


5.   Administrative Expenses

     The administrative expenses of the Group for 2023 increased by approximately RMB183 million to
     approximately RMB5,309 million from approximately RMB5,126 million of the corresponding period of
     last year.


     The increase in administrative expenses was mainly due to the increase in staff salaries corresponding
     to the increase in new energy vehicle business and outbound export business of the Group.


6.   Impairment Losses on Financial Assets

     The impairment losses on financial assets of the Group for 2023 decreased by approximately RMB134
     million to approximately RMB1,075 million from approximately RMB1,209 million in the corresponding
     period last year.


     The changes in impairment losses on financial assets were mainly due to the decline in loan scale base
     number in line with the decrease in sales volume in the period.


7.   Other Expenses

     The other expenses of the Group for 2023 amounted to approximately RMB5,601 million, representing
     an increase of approximately RMB314 million as compared with approximately RMB5,287 million of the
     corresponding period of last year.


     The change in net of other expenses in the current period was mainly due to: 1. The Group attaches
     great importance to the development trend of new energy, digitalization and intelligence in the
     automotive field, and continues to invest in research and development in strategic areas and key core
     technologies, hence research and development expenses continue to increase, an increase of about
     RMB177 million yuan over the same period; 2. an increase in assets impairment loss as compared with
     the corresponding period.




                                                                                      2023 Annual Report      45
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)


          8.    Finance Expenses

                The finance expenses of the Group for 2023 amounted to approximately RMB1,108 million,
                representing an increase of approximately RMB79 million as compared with approximately RMB1,029
                million of the corresponding period of last year.

                The change in finance expenses in current period was mainly due to: 1. the year-on-year decrease
                in interest expenses on borrowings; 2. Euro bonds were affected by exchange rate fluctuations, and
                foreign exchange losses increased compared with the same period.

          9.    Share of Profits and Losses of Joint Ventures

                Affected by the declining market share of non-luxury vehicles of joint ventures year by year, share of
                profits and losses of joint ventures of the Group for 2023 decreased by approximately RMB11,371
                million to approximately RMB513 million, from approximately RMB11,884 million of the corresponding
                period of last year. The change for the period was mainly due to: 1. a decrease of approximately
                RMB4,188 million in respect of Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. over the corresponding period; 2. a decrease
                of approximately RMB4,694 million in respect of Dongfeng Honda Automobile Co., Ltd. over the
                corresponding period; 3. a decrease of approximately RMB1,224 million in respect of Dongfeng Honda
                Engine Co., Ltd. over the corresponding period.

          10.   Share of Profits and Losses of Associates

                Share of profits and losses of associates of the Group for 2023 amounted to approximately
                RMB807 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB55 million as compared with that of
                approximately RMB862 million of the corresponding period of last year. The main reason for the change
                is the decrease in investment income of Dongfeng Nissan Auto Finance Co., Ltd.

          11.   Income Tax Expense

                The income tax expense of the Group for 2023 increased by approximately RMB1,357 million to
                approximately RMB428 million from approximately RMB-929 million in the corresponding period of last
                year. This was mainly due to the prudent revaluation of deferred tax assets to be recognized by some
                of the Group’s subsidiaries.

          12.   Profit Attributable to Equity Holders of the Company for the Year

                The loss attributable to the equity holders of the Group for 2023 was approximately RMB3,996 million,
                representing a decrease of approximately RMB14,261 million as compared with that of approximately
                profit of RMB10,265 million of the corresponding period of last year. The net profit margin (a percentage
                of profit attributable to the equity holders of the Company to total revenue) was approximately -4.0%,
                representing a decrease of approximately 15.1 percentage points as compared with approximately
                11.1% of the corresponding period of last year. The return on net assets (a percentage of profit
                attributable to equity holders of the Company to average equity attributable to equity holders of the
                Company) was approximately -2.6%.




46   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
              Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)


13.   Total Assets

      Total assets of the Group as at the end of 2023 amounted to approximately RMB330,678 million,
      representing an increase of approximately RMB642 million, or 0.2%, as compared with RMB330,036
      million as at the end of last year. This was mainly due to: 1. an increase of RMB14,281 billion in cash
      and cash equivalents, pledged bank balances and time deposits and financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss; 2. an increase of RMB6,373 million in property, plant and equipment, investment
      properties and intangible assets; 3. an increase of RMB4,464 million in bills receivable and financial
      assets at fair value through other comprehensive income; 4. a decrease of RMB12,813 million in
      prepayments, deposits and other receivables; 5. a decrease of RMB9,587 million in amount due from
      joint ventures; 6. a decrease of RMB1,843 million in trade receivables.


14.   Total Liabilities

      Total liabilities of the Group as at the end of 2023 amounted to approximately RMB171,069 million,
      representing an increase of approximately RMB6,569 million, or 4.0%, as compared with approximately
      RMB164,500 million as at the end of last year. The increase was mainly due to: 1. an increase of
      RMB6,831 million in interest-bearing borrowings; 2. an increase of RMB8,596 million in trade payables;
      3. an increase of RMB6,453 million in bills payable; 4. an increase of RMB508 million in contract
      liabilities; 5. a decrease of RMB15,521 million in amount due to jointly controlled entity; 6. a decrease
      of RMB301 million in government grants.


15.   Total Equity

      Total equity as at the end of 2023 of the Group amounted to approximately RMB159,609 million,
      representing a decrease of RMB5,927 million or 3.6% as compared with RMB165,536 million as
      at the end of last year, of which, equity attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to
      RMB152,787 million, representing a decrease of RMB3,065 million as compared with RMB155,852
      million as at the end of last year; non-controlling interests amounted to RMB6,822 million, representing
      a decrease of RMB2,862 million as compared with RMB9,684 million as at the end of last year.


16.   Liquidity and Sources of Capital

      Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in 2023 of the Group was RMB7,055 million, representing a
      decrease of RMB9,006 million over 2022. This includes a net cash inflow from operating activities of
      RMB8,553 million, a net cash inflow from investing activities of RMB129 million and a net cash outflow
      from financing activities of RMB1,627 million.




                                                                                         2023 Annual Report       47
     Management Discussion and Analysis (Continued)


                Net cash inflow from operating activities amounted to RMB8,553 million. The amount mainly consisted
                of: 1. a decrease in cash flow of RMB7,705 million from loss before taxation and share of profits
                and losses of joint ventures and associates; 2. an increase in cash flow of RMB5,210 million from
                depreciation and amortization; 3. a decrease in cash flow of RMB1,819 million from impairment on
                trade and other receivables and other non-current assets, provision against inventories and impairment
                of items of property, plant and equipment; 4. a decrease in cash flow of RMB1,528 million due to an
                increase in inventories; 5. an increase in cash flow of RMB4,646 million due to a decrease in amount
                receivable from joint ventures; 6. an increase in cash flow of RMB11,870 million due to an increase in
                trade and bills payables, contract liabilities and other payables and accruals; 7. an increase in cash flow
                of RMB13,623 million from loans, receivables and cash deposits received from financing services; 8. a
                decrease in cash flow of RMB15,521 million due to a decrease in amount payable to joint ventures; 9. a
                decrease in cash flow of RMB1,715 million from income tax expense.


                Net cash inflow from investing activities amounted to RMB129 million. The amount mainly consisted
                of: 1. an increase in cash flow of RMB7,700 million due to the receipt of dividend; 2. a decrease in
                cash flow of RMB11,859 million due to the expenses from purchase and disposal of fixed assets and
                intangible assets; 3. an increase in cash flow of RMB8,284 million due to the disposal of investment in
                Stellantis; 4. a decrease in cash flow of RMB4,100 million from non-pledged time deposits with original
                maturity over three months.


                Net cash outflow from financing activities amounted to RMB1,627 million. The amount mainly consisted
                of: 1. a cash inflow of RMB25,711 million resulting from the increase in bank borrowings; 2. a cash
                outflow of RMB23,236 million resulting from the repayment of bank borrowings and redeeming bonds; 3.
                a payment of dividends of RMB2,560 million; 4. a payment for share repurchase of RMB963 million.


                As a result of the above, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents (excluding non-pledged time deposits
                with original maturity of three months or more when acquired) amounted to RMB72,395 million as at 31
                December 2023, representing an increase of RMB7,151 million as compared with RMB65,244 million as
                at the end of the previous period. Cash and bank balances (including non-pledged time deposits with
                original maturity of three months or more when acquired) amounted to RMB79,297 million, representing
                an increase of RMB11,251 million as compared with approximately RMB68,046 million as at the end of
                the previous period.


          17.   Major Financial Figures Based on Proportionate Consolidation

                Based on proportionate consolidation, the revenue of the Group for 2023 was approximately
                RMB199,816 million, representing a decrease of approximately RMB18,101 million, or approximately
                8.31%, as compared with approximately RMB217,917 million of the corresponding period of last year.
                Loss before income tax was approximately RMB5,760 million, representing a decrease of approximately
                RMB18,367 million, or approximately 145.69%, as compared with approximately profit before income
                tax of RMB12,607 million of the corresponding period of last year. Total assets were approximately
                RMB382,324 million, representing an increase of RMB12,201 million, or approximately 3.30%, as
                compared with approximately RMB370,123 million as at the end of last year.



48   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
     Main Work Experience of Directors, Supervisors and
                         Senior Managers of the Issuer


DIRECTORS

Yang Qing, Executive Director, Chairman and President

Mr. Yang Qing, born in 1966, is a senior engineer with a bachelor’s degree in engineering. He is currently the
executive director, president of the Company. He has worked at the second steam piston bearing factory since 1988.
He has served successively as the deputy section chief and deputy chief engineer of the inspection department,
the director, branch secretary of the Party Committee, the duty officer of the department of the steel pipe ring of
the piston bearing factory of Dongfeng Motor Corporation, the deputy general manager of Dongfeng Motor Piston
Bearing Co., Ltd., the general manager of Dongfeng Auto Fasteners Co., Ltd., general manager of Dongfeng Axle
Co., Ltd., executive deputy general manager of Dongfeng Dana Axle Co., Ltd., deputy general manager of Dongfeng
Motor Co., Ltd. and Dongfeng Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd., general manager of Dongfeng Automobile Co., Ltd.,
general manager of Dongfeng Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd., deputy president of Dongfeng Motor Group Co., Ltd.,
general manager of Dongfeng Commercial Vehicle Co., Ltd. and president of Dongfeng Motor Group Co., Ltd.


You Zheng, Executive Director and Vice President

Mr. You Zheng, born in 1968, and is currently the executive director, vice president of the Company. Mr. You
graduated from Jilin Institute of technology in 1990 with a Bachelor of Engineering Degree in Metal Materials and
Welding. From 2010 to 2012, he studied in-service in the major of Business Administration for senior managers of
Business School of Jilin University and obtained a master’s degree in Business Administration. Since 1990, he has
been working in an automobile body factory, successively as the head of the manufacturing technology department
of First Automobile Works Sedan Company and the director of the second factory of First Automobile Works
Volkswagen Sedan Company. From April 2009 to July 2015, he served as deputy director of Planning Department
of First Automobile Works. From July 2015 to May 2018, served as the director of product planning and project
Department of China First Automobile Group Corporation and the assistant to the general manager of China First
Automobile Co., Ltd. Since 29 November 2019, he has been serving as the executive director and vice president of
the Company.




                                                                                              2023 Annual Report      49
     Main Work Experience of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Managers of the Issuer (Continued)


     Zong Qingsheng, Independent Non-Executive Director

     Mr. Zong Qingsheng, born in 1959, currently serves as an independent non-executive director of the Company,
     and is a senior international business engineer. Mr. Zong graduated from Nanjing University in January 1982 with
     a Bachelor’s degree in Chinese Language and Literature, and studied Business Administration at the HEC (Hautes
     Etudes Commerciales) Paris from August 2006 to October 2007 with a Master’s degree. Mr. Zong has successively
     served as a cadre, chief officer and deputy director of the Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations of the People’s
     Republic of China, personnel bureau and personnel education department of Ministry of Foreign Economic Trade of
     the People’s Republic of China from February 1982 to May 1992; the director of the organization division and the
     director of the labour and salary division of the personnel education and labour department of the Ministry of Foreign
     Economic Cooperation of the People’s Republic of China from May 1992 to July 1995; the director of the president’s
     office of China National Metals and Minerals Import and Export Corporation (中國五金礦產進出口總公司) from
     August 1995 to March 1999; the general manager of Minmetals Investment & Development Co. Ltd. (五礦投資發展
     有限責任公司) from March 1999 to March 2002, the general manager, assistant to the president of the investment
     management department, general manager of the human resources department of China Minmetals Corporation (中
     國五礦集團公司), whose Chinese name was later renamed as “中國五礦集團有限公司” from March 2002 to November
     2019, and secretary of the board of directors of China Minmetals Corporation from November 2016 to January 2020.
     Mr. Zong served as an external director of China Reform Holdings Corporation Ltd. from October 2020 to March
     2024, and has been an independent non-executive director of the Company since September 2020.


     Mr. Leung Wai Lap, Philip, Independent Non-Executive Director

     Mr. Leung Wai Lap, Philip, born in 1959, is currently an independent non-executive director of the Company. Mr.
     Leung is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. He graduated from the Hong Kong
     Polytechnic in 1982, joined Ernst & Young in the same year, became a partner in 1994, and retired from the firm in
     June 2020. From 1994 to 2019, Mr. Leung served a variety of management positions in Ernst & Young, including
     Managing Partner of Greater China Markets and Managing Partner of Eastern China Region. He currently serves as
     independent non-executive directors of Dingdong (Cayman) Limited, Zhejiang E-Commerce Bank Co., Ltd., Shanghai
     Chemical Industry Park Industrial Gases Co., Ltd and China World Trade Center Co., Ltd. Mr. Leung has extensive
     experience in corporate restructuring and initial public offerings.


     Hu Yiguang, Independent Non-Executive Director

     Mr. Hu Yiguang, born in 1971, currently serves as an independent non-executive director of the Company, he
     graduated from the school of Law of Renmin University of China and obtained a master’s degree in civil law in June
     1997. He is currently a senior partner and managing partner of Beijing Lifang & Partners Law Firm. He served as
     the legal adviser to the National Railway Administration (國家鐵路局), the Ministry of Human Resources and Social
     Security of the People’s Republic of China, the former Ministry of Railways of the People’s Republic of China, China
     Minsheng Bank Co., Ltd. (中國民生銀行股份有限公司), China Everbright Bank Co., Ltd. (中國光大銀行股份有限公司),
     China National Commercial Foreign Trade Corporation (中國商業對外貿易總公司) and other government departments
     as well as large-scale state-owned enterprises, providing them with daily and special legal services. Mr. Hu also
     serves as an independent director of China Three Gorges Renewables (Group) Co., Ltd. and an independent director
     of Sinosteel Group Co., Ltd. and Genertec Group Kunming Machine Tool Co., Ltd (通用技術集團昆明機床股份有限公
     司).

50   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
    Main Work Experience of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                          Managers of the Issuer (Continued)



SUPERVISORS

He Wei, Chairman of the Supervisory Committee

Mr. He Wei, born in 1963, he is currently Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company. Mr. He took part
in the work in 1982. From 2002 to 2004, he studied in-service in the Business Administration major of the School
of Management of Huazhong University of Science and Technology and obtained a master’s degree in Business
Administration for senior managers. He has successively served as the director and Deputy Secretary of the Youth
League Committee of the Second Automobile Equipment Factory, the secretary of the Secretary Office, deputy-level
secretary and general-level Secretary of the Party Committee Office of the Second Automobile Equipment Factory,
the director, deputy secretary and secretary of the Youth League Committee of Dongfeng Motor Corporation, the
secretary of the Party committee and Discipline Inspection Committee of Dongfeng Motor Fastener Co., Ltd., the
general manager of Dongfeng Motor Fastener Co., Ltd., and the deputy general manager of Dongfeng Motor parts
business department, deputy secretary of the Party committee, Secretary of the Discipline Inspection Commission,
Chairman of the labor union, Secretary of the Party committee, deputy general manager, Secretary of the Discipline
Inspection Commission, Chairman of the labor union of the parts business department of Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd.,
director of Dongfeng Motor Office (Party Committee Office), director of Dongfeng Motor military products business
platform, and director of Dongfeng Motor personnel (cadre) department.


Jin Jun, Employee Supervisor

Mr. Jin Jun, born in 1967. He is current the employee supervisor of the Company. Mr. Jin obtained a bachelor
of engineering degree in machinery manufacturing, technology equipment and automation from Xi’an Jiaotong
University. He subsequently took an automotive engineering course at Wuhan University of Technology through on-
the-job learning, and obtained a master’s degree in engineering. He is a senior engineer. From 1988 to 2002, Mr.
Jin served as an equipment technician in the repair workshop of Xinjiang Automobile Factory (新疆汽車廠), deputy
head of the chief engineer office, deputy division manager and division manager at the design division, manager of
Dongte Company (東特公司), and manager of Urumqi Dongfeng Special Vehicle Co., Ltd. (烏魯木齊市東風特種汽車公
司). From 2002 to 2018, Mr. Jin served as deputy secretary of the Party Committee and secretary of the Disciplinary
Inspection Committee, chairman of the Labor Union and general manager of Dongfeng Xinjiang Automobile Co.,
Ltd. (東風新疆汽車有限公司). From 2018 to 2019, Mr. Jin served as the director of the Xinjiang Factory of Dongfeng
Commercial Vehicle (Xinjiang) Co., Ltd. (東風商用車新疆有限公司). From 2019 to April 2021, Mr. Jin served as deputy
general manager of the personnel (cadres) department, deputy general manager of the human resources department,
and deputy head (in charge of work) of the work department of the Party Committee of the Company. Since April
2021, Mr. Jin has served as the head of the work department of the Party Committee and the head of the corporate
culture department of the Company.




                                                                                             2023 Annual Report      51
     Main Work Experience of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Managers of the Issuer (Continued)


     Bao Hongxiang, Supervisor

     Mr. Bao Hongxiang, born in 1959. He is currently the supervisor of the Company. He graduated from the
     Infrastructure Economics Department of Liaoning University of Finance and Economics with a bachelor’s degree
     in economics, and then graduated from the Open University of Hong Kong with a master’s degree in business
     administration. From 1984 to 1994, Mr. Bao served as a clerk, section member, chief section member and deputy
     director of the Adult Education Division of the Personnel and Education Department of the Ministry of Finance. From
     1994 to 1999, he served as deputy director of the Comprehensive System Division, director and office director of the
     Administrative Retirement Division of the Social Security Department of the Ministry of Finance. From 1999 to 2000,
     he served as the assistant to the special inspector of the General Office of the State Council. From 2000 to 2018, he
     served as a full-time supervisor of the board of supervisors of key state-owned large-scale enterprises. From 2018 to
     January 2020, he served as director of the United Front Audit Bureau of the National Audit Office.


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Feng Changjun, Vice President

     Mr. Feng Changjun, born in 1978, professor senior accountant, is currently the vice president of the Company.
     From July 2001 to January 2007, Mr. Feng served as deputy director of the budget office of the finance and audit
     department and deputy director of the budget office of the finance department of China South Industries Group
     Corporation. From January 2007 to March 2010, he served as deputy financial officer, director and deputy general
     manager of Jinan Qingqi Motorcycle Co., Ltd. From March 2010 to February 2016, he served as deputy director and
     deputy general manager of the finance department of China South Industries Group Corporation. From February
     2016 to June 2020, he served as director, general manager and chairman of Chang’an Automobile Finance Co., Ltd.
     Since August 2020, Mr. Feng has been serving as the vice president of the Company.


     Li Jun, Secretary to the Board

     Mr. Li Jun, born in 1969, is a senior economist and is currently the secretary of the Board of the Company. From
     November 2003 to March 2009, Mr. Li was the Deputy Director of the Management Department and the Director
     of the General Affairs Department of the Passenger Car Company of Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd., the Director of the
     General Manager’s Office, the Deputy Head of the Operation and Management Department and the Director of
     the General Manager’s Office of Dongfeng Nissan Passenger Vehicle Company of Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. from
     March 2009 to February 2014, the General Manager of Shenzhen DFS Industrial Group Co., Ltd. from February 2014
     to October 2018. From October 2018 to August 2020, he served as Executive Vice President and Deputy Party
     Secretary, Executive Vice President and Party Secretary of Dongfeng Peugeot Citroën Automobile Co., Ltd., Deputy
     Director of the Office of the Company (Party Committee Board) from August 2020. Since April 2022, he has been
     serving as the Secretary to the Board of the Company.




52   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
    Main Work Experience of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                          Managers of the Issuer (Continued)


Liao Xianzhi, Joint Company Secretary

Mr. Liao Xianzhi, born in 1973, and currently is the Joint Secretary of Company, the Authorized Representative, the
Securities Affairs Representative and Authorized Person of the Electronic Submission System. He joined the Group
since 1997, and has been engaged in accounting, financial management, operation management positions and
management positions. He has more than 26 years of experience in the daily operations and financial management of
the Group.


Yuen Wing Yan, Winnie, Joint Company Secretary

Ms. Yuen Wing Yan, Winnie, has been appointed as a joint company secretary of the Company since 31 December
2019 and is responsible for the company secretary services of the Group. Ms. Yuen is currently a director of the
corporate services division of Tricor Services Limited (“Tricor”), which is a global professional provider of integrated
business, corporate and investor services. Ms. Yuen has over 25 years of experience in corporate services and
has provided professional corporate services for listed companies in Hong Kong and multi-national companies,
private companies and offshore companies. Ms. Yuen graduated from Lingnan College (currently known as Lingnan
University). Ms. Yuen is a Chartered Secretary and a fellow of both of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute
(the “HKCGI”) formerly known as the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries (the “HKICS”) and the Institute of
Chartered Secretaries in the United Kingdom. And Ms. Yuen holds a Practitioner Recognition Certificate issued by
the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries.




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report       53
     Main Work Experience of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
     Managers of the Issuer (Continued)



     HEADS OF DEPARTMENTS

     The deputy general manager of Strategic Planning Department and the Technical Development Department of the
     Company is Mr. Lv Haitao and Mr. Zhang Yanjun


     The director of the President’s Office of the Company (Party Committee Office) is Mr. Li Jun


     The general manager of the Strategic Planning Department of the Company is Mr. Zhang Jun


     The head of the Human Resources Department of the Company is Mr. Zheng Hongyi


     The head of the Governance Department (the office of deepening reform and promoting of the Company) is Mr. Guo
     Tao


     The deputy general manager of the International Business Department of the Company (responsible for daily
     operations) is Mr. Ma Lei


     The head of the Audit Department of the Company is Mr. Zhou Changling


     The head of the Legal and Compliance Department of the Company is Mr. Chen Feng


     The head of the Corporate Culture Department of the Company is Mr. Jin Jun


     The deputy director of the Supervisory Department of the Company (Discipline Inspection Committee) is Mr. Chen
     Tao


     The head of the Communist Party Committee Inspection Leading Group Office of the Company is Ms. Xu Liuning


     The deputy director of the Staff Relation Department of the Company (responsible for daily operations) is Mr. Sun
     Sanbao


     The Secretary for the Communist Youth League of the Company is Mr. Ge Zhe




54   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                             Report of the Supervisory Committee


Dear shareholders,


In 2023, the Supervisory Committee has carried out its supervisory and other duties in accordance with the
Company’s Articles of Association to ensure the sound, stable and sustainable development of the Company as well
as to safeguard the legal interests of all shareholders. It has performed effective supervision, through the inspection
of relevant documents and information of the Company, financial reports, and attending meetings of the Board of
Directors and the shareholders’ general meetings, on the operation status, financial positions, connected transactions
and internal control of the Company. The Supervisory Committee expressed the following independent opinion of
such matters of the Company during the reporting period:


I.    PERFORMANCE OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE

      In 2023, the Supervisory Committee held two meetings, both of which were held in the form of on-site
      meetings. The number of attended supervisors formed quorums of the meetings as stipulated by the Company
      Law.


      In 2023, the Supervisory Committee has reviewed and approved: the 2022 report of the Supervisory
      C o m m i t t e e o f t h e C o m p a n y; t h e 2022 f i n a n c i a l r e p o r t o f t h e C o m p a n y, w h i c h w a s a u d i t e d b y
      PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and the 2022 auditor’s report of the Company, which was audited
      by PricewaterhouseCoopers and reviewed and approved by the Audit and Risk Management Committee; the
      2022 annual report and preliminary results announcement of the Company; the 2022 profit distribution and
      payment of dividend proposal of the Company; the 2023 supervisor remuneration scheme of the Company;
      the 2023 interim report and results announcement of the Company; the 2023 interim dividend distribution
      proposal of the Company.




                                                                                                                        2023 Annual Report             55
     Report of the Supervisory Committee (Continued)



     II.   THE INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE ON THE
           LAWFUL OPERATION OF THE COMPANY

           During the reporting period, the Supervisory Committee has supervised the convening procedures and
           resolutions of shareholders’ general meetings and meetings of the Board of Directors, the implementation of
           the resolutions of the shareholders’ general meetings by the Board of Directors, the legality and compliance of
           rules and regulations by the senior management during their performance of duty, and the performance of all
           control systems of the Company in accordance with relevant laws and regulations of the PRC and listing rules
           of Stock Exchange and normative documents of the Company for governing legally.


           After the supervision on the directors and senior management of the Company, the Supervisory Committee
           is of the view that the Board of Directors was in compliance with the Company Law, the Securities Law, the
           Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong, the Articles of Association of the Company and other
           relevant laws, rules and regulations and all Directors diligently performed their duties in 2023. The Supervisory
           Committee also considers that through scientific and democratic decision making of the Board of Directors,
           the internal management and internal control system of the Company have been further improved and a
           better internal control mechanism was established. The major decision of the Company was reasonable
           and procedures of decision-making were in compliance with laws and valid. The Directors and the senior
           management of the Company complied with the laws, regulations, the Article of Association of the Company
           and the resolutions passed at the Shareholders’ General Meeting and Board Meeting during their performance
           of duty. They were devoted to performing their duties diligently and precisely and performed their duties
           cautiously and aggressively.




56   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                       Report of the Supervisory Committee (Continued)



III.   THE INDEPENDENT OPINION OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE OF THE
       FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

       The members of the Supervisory Committee have attended all meetings of the Board during the reporting
       period, examined the financial system, financial position and internal audit of the Company and reviewed the
       2022 annual financial report and 2023 interim financial report of the Company. The Supervisory Committee
       considers that the financial statements of the Company were prepared in accordance with the Listing Rules,
       Company Ordinance and International Accounting Principles and Standards. The financial system of the
       Company was sound and the management measures and internal control system were effective and could
       ensure the smooth operation and production of the Company. The Supervisory Committee also considers
       that the 2023 annual financial report gives a full, true and fair view of the operating results and financial
       position of the Company for the year and that the unqualified opinion in the financial report issued by
       PricewaterhouseCoopers, the auditors of the Company, are objective and fair.


       The Supervisory Committee is of the opinion that the connected transactions between the Company and its
       connected persons have been conducted at fair market price and on transaction terms, and is not aware of
       any circumstances prejudicial to the interests of the Company and the shareholders.


       In 2023, in the face of the severe and complex situation of accelerated differentiation in market demand, in-
       depth evolution of the competitive landscape and increasing multiple challenges, the Company adhered
       to take transformation and development as the main line, actively cultivated and strengthened strategic
       emerging industries, promoted the construction of core competencies, maintained operational stability, and
       consolidated the foundation for development, which the Supervisory Committee acknowledged. In 2024, the
       Supervisory Committee will strictly follow the relevant provisions, such as the Company Law, Securities Law
       and the Articles of Association of the Company and carry out supervision on the performance and conduct of
       the Board of Directors and senior management in accordance with laws. The Supervisory Committee will also
       supervise the Company to refine the corporate governance structure based on the requirements of modern
       enterprise system, in order to enhance the corporate governance level. In addition, the Supervisory Committee
       will carry out supervision and perform their duties diligently and attend meetings of the Board of Directors
       according to the law, so as to ensure the decision-making procedures of material matters of the Company to
       be in compliance with laws and protect the interests of our shareholders. Besides, the Supervisory Committee
       will continue to enhance its supervision and inspection on the Company through supervising on the financial
       situation of the Company and maintaining the communication with the internal audit department and external
       audit institution, etc., facilitate the Company to enhance its internal control to prevent operational risk, and
       further protect the interests of the Company and our shareholders, in order to consolidate its solid foundation
       for steady and sustainable development.


                                                                              By Order of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                             He We
                                                                             Chairman of the Supervisory Committee


                                                                                         Wuhan, the PRC
                                                                                          28 March 2024


                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report       57
     Corporate Governance Report


     I.   OVERVIEW OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

          The Company has been in compliance with the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (the “Company
          Law”), the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing
          Rules”), Corporate Governance Code of Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules, in order to improve its corporate
          value and bring good return to shareholders. Under the principles of integrity, transparency, openness and
          efficiency for corporate governance, the Company is dedicated to maintaining a high level of corporate
          governance so as to ensure its sustainable development in the long run.


          The Board of Directors has reviewed the corporate governance practices of the Company and adopted a
          number of improved practices, details of which are set out in this report. During the financial year ended 31
          December 2023, the Company has fully complied with all the provisions of the Code, except for Rule B.2.2 of
          the Corporate Governance Code (the “Code”) (version as at 31 December 2023) as set out in Appendix C1 of
          the Listing Rules.


          The current term of the Board of Directors of the Company was elected on 25 September 2020 and the term
          of office of the current Board of Directors shall expire on 24 September 2023 and shall retire by rotation in
          accordance with Article B.2.2 of the Code, which provides that every Director shall be subject to retirement
          by rotation at least once every three years. Due to the fact that the entire Board of Directors is involved and
          many factors have to be considered to ensure the smooth continuation of the senior management of the
          Company, the Company has not been able to complete the program of the change of the Board of Directors as
          scheduled. Currently, the program for the renewal of the Board of Directors of the Company is in progress and
          will be submitted to the shareholders’ meeting for consideration in due course.




58   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                   Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



II.   STRUCTURE OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

      1.   General Structure of Corporate Governance

           The highest authority of the Company is the shareholders’ general meeting. The Board of Directors
           and the Supervisory Committee are under the supervision of the shareholders’ general meeting. The
           Board of Directors has its Audit and Risk Management Committee (the “Audit Committee”), Nomination
           Committee and Remuneration Committee. As authorised by the Articles of Association, the Board
           of Directors is responsible for major business decision and the supervision on daily operation and
           management of the senior management. The Supervisory Committee is mainly responsible for the
           supervision on the performance of the Board of Directors and senior management. The Board of
           Directors and the Supervisory Committee are independently accountable to the shareholders’ general
           meeting.

                                                Shareholders’
                                               General Meeting

                                                                                  Supervisory
                                                                                  Committee



                                              Board of Directors




              Audit and Risk Management          Nomination                      Remuneration
                       Committee                 Committee                        Committee



                                                Management




                                                                                         2023 Annual Report     59
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


          2.    Shareholders and Shareholders’ General Meeting

                (1)   Shareholders


                      As at 31 December 2023, Dongfeng Motor Corporation, the controlling shareholder of the
                      Company, held approximately 72.6% equity interest in the Company both directly and indirectly.
                      The remaining approximately 27.4% equity interest in the Company was held by public
                      shareholders.


                      Information of other shareholders and persons who are entitled to exercise 5% or more (class
                      of shares classified into domestic shares and H shares) of the voting power at shareholders’
                      general meeting during the reporting period is set out on page 16 in this annual report.


                      Dongfeng Motor Corporation, the controlling shareholder of the Company, has exercised its
                      rights and fulfilled its obligations in accordance with laws, and has never, directly or indirectly,
                      interfered with the Company’s operations beyond the authorisation of the shareholders’ general
                      meetings. The Board of Directors, Supervisory Committee and internal organisations of the
                      Company can operate independently.


                (2)   Rights of Shareholders


                      The Company treats all shareholders equally and ensures that shareholders can fully exercise
                      their rights to protect their legal interests. The Company has convened shareholders’ general
                      meetings strictly in accordance with laws and regulations. The governance structure of the
                      Company ensures that all shareholders, particularly minority shareholders, enjoy equal rights and
                      bear corresponding obligations.


                      In addition to the rights provided in the Articles of Association of the Company, pursuant to the
                      Rules of Procedures of Shareholders’ General Meeting, our shareholders shall also enjoy the
                      following rights:


                      1)     Two or more shareholders holding in aggregate more than 10% (inclusive) of the shares
                             carrying voting rights at the proposed meeting may sign one or several written requests
                             in the same form requesting the Board of Directors to convene an extraordinary general
                             meeting or a class shareholders’ meeting, specifying the matters to be considered at the
                             meeting;


                      2)     Where the Board of Directors fails to issue notice to convene the meeting within 30 days
                             upon the receipt of the written request, the requisitionists may convene a meeting within
                             4 months from the date of the receipt of the requisitionists by the Board of Directors. The
                             meeting shall be convened by the requisitionists in accordance with the same procedures,
                             as nearly as possible, as that to be followed by the Board of Directors for convening
                             meetings;



60   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                       Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


      3)     Where the shareholders decide to convene shareholders’ general meeting on their own,
             they should inform the Board of Directors in writing, and the Board of Directors and the
             secretary to the Board of Directors shall be cooperative for the purpose of the meeting;


      4)     When the Company convenes an annual general meeting, shareholder(s) holding more
             than 5% (inclusive) of the total number of shares of the Company carrying voting rights
             shall be entitled to propose new motions in writing and explanations to the Board of
             Directors;


      5)     Shareholders may raise enquiries about the Company at shareholders’ general meeting
             and, except for trade secrets of the Company which may not be disclosed at the meeting,
             the chairman of the meeting shall instruct the directors, supervisors or other attendees to
             answer such enquiries;


      6)     A shareholder or shareholders present in person or by proxy holding shares, severally
             or jointly, of more than 10% (inclusive) conferring the right to attend and vote at
             shareholders’ general meeting may demand a poll.


(3)   Communication with Shareholders/Investor Relations


      The Company strengthens its communication with investors through active investor relationship
      management. Investors will be informed of the results and operation of the Company promptly
      and will also be invited to have meetings with investment analysts, to attend press meeting and
      non-deal roadshows, to visit the Company and to attend reverse roadshows. Through these
      arrangements, shareholders, investors and general public are introduced of the operation of the
      Company and have the chances to raise their questions for answers. Meanwhile, the Company
      submits monthly return on movements in its shareholdings in accordance with the regulatory
      requirement of the Stock Exchange; In addition, due to the issuance of super & short-term
      commercial paper the Company regularly discloses quarterly reports within the duration in
      accordance with the regulatory requirements of National Association of Financial Market
      Institutional Investors.


      Shareholders may also inquire about any information of the Company within the scope of their
      rights. The H share registrar of the Company is Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
      Limited, the address and contact details are as follows:


      Correspondence address:                Shops 1712–1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183
                                             Queen’s Road East, Wan Chai, Hong Kong
      Telephone No.:                         (+852）2862 8628




                                                                                  2023 Annual Report       61
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                      The Company provides information about the Group to shareholders and investors and answers
                      shareholders’ questions mainly through the publication of notices, announcements and circulars
                      on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange, the dispatch of interim reports,
                      annual reports and circulars to shareholders, as well as results presentations, investor surveys,
                      routine mailings and telephone enquiries. The Company holds general meetings in compliance
                      with the Listing Rules to ensure communication and interaction with shareholders.


                      The Board reviews the investor relations policy annually and makes any changes it considers
                      necessary to ensure that the policy is effective and that the legitimate interests of shareholders
                      and investors are adequately protected. The Board has reviewed the implementation and
                      effectiveness of the Company’s investor relations policy. Having considered the implementation
                      of diversified communication channels, the Board is satisfied that an effective investor relations
                      policy has been properly implemented for the year ended 31 December 2023.


                (4)   Shareholders’ General Meetings


                      The Company attaches great importance to the communication between our directors
                      and shareholders. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, convenors of all committees,
                      representative of auditors and management representatives shall attend all annual general
                      meetings and give detailed answers and explanations to shareholders’ questions.


                      During the reporting year, the Company convened one annual general meeting, one domestic
                      share class meeting, one H share class meeting and one extraordinary general meeting. The
                      date, time and venue of the general meetings and the poll results in respect of the resolutions
                      proposed at the general meetings are as follows.




62   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                      Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


The 2022 Annual General Meeting was held at Special No. 1 Dongfeng Road, Wuhan Economic
and Technology Development Zone, Wuhan, Hubei, the People’s Republic of China, at 9:00
a.m. on Tuesday, 20 June 2023. The matters considered at the meeting and the percentages of
voters for and against the relevant resolutions are as follows:


                         Resolutions                                   For           Percentages        Against     Percentages
                                                                                           (%)                           (%)

 I.   As more than half (1/2) of the votes from the shareholders who attended and voted at the annual general meeting were cast in
      favour of the following resolutions, the resolutions were duly passed as ordinary resolutions:

 1. To consider and approve the report of the Board of            7,114,470,883         99.61%         27,637,393       0.39%
      Directors (the “Board”) of the Company for the year
      ended 31 December 2022.

 2. To consider and approve the report of the Supervisory         7,125,396,276         99.77%         16,712,000       0.23%
      Committee of the Company for the year ended 31
      December 2022.

 3. To consider and approve the independent auditor’s             7,080,315,016         99.13%         61,793,260       0.87%
      report and audited financial statements of the
      Company for the year ended 31 December 2022.

 4. To consider and approve the profit distribution               7,142,108,276          100%              0             0%
      proposal of the Company for the year ended 31
      December 2022 and to authorise the Board to deal
      with issues in relation to the Company’s distribution of
      final dividend for the year 2022.

 5. To consider and approve the authorisation to                  7,142,108,276          100%              0             0%
      the Board to deal with all issues in relation to the
      Company’s distribution of interim dividend for the
      year 2023 in its absolute discretion (including, but
      not limited to determine whether to distribute interim
      dividend for the year 2023).

 6. To consider and approve the appointments of Ernst             7,112,109,324          99.58%        29,998,952       0.42%
      & Young as the international auditor of the Company
      for the year 2023, and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP
      as the domestic auditor of the Company for the year
      2023 to hold office until the conclusion of annual
      general meeting for the year 2023, and to authorize
      the Board to determine their remunerations.




                                                                                                         2023 Annual Report          63
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)



                                               Resolutions                                     For           Percentages           Against          Percentages
                                                                                                                   (%)                                   (%)

                       7. To consider and approve the remuneration of the                7,130,397,750          99.84%            11,710,526            0.16%
                             directors and the supervisors of the Company
                             determined by the Board for the year 2023.

                       8. To consider and approve the amendments to the                  5,784,636,162          80.99%          1,357,472,114          19.01%
                             Rules of Procedure of the General Meeting of the
                             Company.

                       9. To consider and approve the amendments to the                  7,132,830,276          99.87%            9,278,000             0.13%
                             Rules of Procedure of the Meeting of Board of
                             Directors of the Company.

                       II.   As more than two-thirds (2/3) of the votes from the shareholders who attended and voted at the annual general meeting were
                             cast in favour of the each of the following resolutions, respectively, the resolutions were duly passed as special resolutions:

                       10. To consider and approve the amendments to the                 7,142,108,276           100%                  0                 0%
                             Articles of Association of the Company.

                       11. To grant a general mandate to the Board to issue,             5,955,317,569          83.38%          1,186,790,707          16.62%
                             allot and deal with additional shares of the Company
                             not exceeding 20% of each of the total number of
                             Domestic Shares and H Shares in issue.

                       12. To consider and, if thought fit, to approve the general       7,113,331,323           99.6%            28,776,953            0.40%
                             mandate for the Board, and the persons authorised
                             by the Board to repurchase the Company’s H shares.




64   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                      Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


The 2023 First Domestic Share Class Meeting was held at Special No. 1 Dongfeng Road, Wuhan
Economic and Technology Development Zone, Wuhan, Hubei, at 9:30 a.m. on Tuesday, 20 June
2023. The matters considered at the meeting and the percentages of voters for and against the
relevant resolution are as follows:


                       Resolution                                  For           Percentages            Against          Percentages
                                                                                       (%)                                     (%)

 As the number of votes cast in favour of the following resolution exceeded two-thirds of the voting rights of the shareholders attending
 at the First Domestic Share Class Meeting in 2023 and who were entitled to vote on the resolution, the following resolution was
 passed as special resolution:

 1. To consider and, if thought fit, to approve the          5,760,388,000            100%                  0                  0%
     general mandate for the Board of Directors and
     the persons authorized by the Board of Directors
     to repurchase the Company’s H shares.


The 2023 First H Share Class Meeting was held at Special No. 1 Dongfeng Road, Wuhan
Economic and Technology Development Zone, Wuhan, Hubei, at 10:00 a.m. on Tuesday, 20
June 2023. The matters considered at the meeting and the percentages of voters for and against
the relevant resolution is as follows:


                       Resolution                                  For           Percentages            Against          Percentages
                                                                                       (%)                                     (%)

 As the number of votes cast in favour of each of the following resolutions exceeded two-thirds of the voting rights of the shareholders
 attending at the 2023 First H Share Class Meeting and who were entitled to vote on the resolution, the following resolution was
 approved as special resolution:

 1. To consider and, if thought fit, to approve the           965,962,725            70.21%           409,819,551           29.79%
     general mandate for the board of Directors and
     the persons authorized by the Board of Directors
     to repurchase the Company’s H shares.




                                                                                                            2023 Annual Report              65
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                     The 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting was held at Special No. 1 Dongfeng Road, Wuhan
                     Economic and Technology Development Zone, Wuhan, Hubei, at 9:00 a.m. on Thursday, 9
                     March 2023. The matters considered at the meeting and the percentages of voters for and
                     against the relevant resolutions are as follows:


                                              Resolution                                For           Percentages            Against          Percentages
                                                                                                            (%)                                    (%)

                       As the number of votes cast in favour of the following resolutions exceeded half of the voting rights of the shareholders attending at
                       the 2023 Extraordinary General Meeting and who were entitled to vote on the resolution, the following resolution was approved as
                       ordinary resolution:

                       1. To consider and approve the Renewed Master              1,369,392,018           100%                  0                  0%
                            Logistic Services Agreement and the transactions
                            contemplated thereunder (including the Annual
                            caps).


                     All resolutions submitted to shareholders at the 2022 annual general meeting, the first domestic
                     share class meeting in 2023, the first H-share class meeting in 2023 and the extraordinary
                     general meeting in 2023 were approved. Shareholders were not subject to any restrictions when
                     voting on the resolutions at the 2022 annual general meeting, the first domestic share class
                     meeting in 2023, the first H-share class meeting in 2023 and the extraordinary general meeting
                     in 2023.


                     Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, the Company’s share registry, has
                     entrusted Mr. Tang Yining, a lawyer of Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, to
                     be the scrutineer of votes counting at the 2022 annual general meeting, the first domestic share
                     class meeting in 2023 and the first H-share class meeting in 2023; and Lawyer Tong Hao to be
                     the scrutineer of votes counting at the extraordinary general meeting in 2023. The voting results
                     were not only announced at the meetings, but also published on the websites of the Company
                     and HKEX on the day when the meetings were held.




66   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                            Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


     (5)   Shareholders’ Calendar


           The following table sets out the tentative key dates for shareholders for the financial year ending
           31 December 2024. The dates are subject to changes in situation. Shareholders should refer to
           our announcements issued from time to time.


           2024 Shareholders’ Calendar


           Date                  Events


           28 March              Announcement of final results for the year ended 31 December 2023
           Late April            Upload of the 2023 annual report on the websites of the Company and the
                                   Hong Kong Stock Exchange
           Late April            Dispatch of the 2023 annual report to shareholders
           21 June               2023 Annual General Meeting
           28 August             Announcement of interim results and interim dividends for the six months
                                   ending 30 June 2024, if any
           Mid-October           Payment of interim dividends for the six months ending 30 June 2024, if any

3.   Directors and Board of Directors

     (1)   Directors


           1)     Composition and Term of Office of Directors


                  Pursuant to the Articles of Association, directors shall be elected at shareholders’ general
                  meeting for a term of three years and shall be eligible for re-election upon expiry of their
                  terms.


                  The current Board of Directors is the 5th Board of Directors since the Company was
                  established, and members of the 4th Board of Directors were changed on 25 September
                  2020. Currently, the 5th Board of Directors consists of five directors, including executive
                  directors Mr. Yang Qing (who became the chairman on 2 November 2023) and Mr.
                  You Zheng, and independent non-executive directors Mr. Zong Qingsheng, Mr. Leung
                  Wai Lap, Philip and Mr. Hu Yiguang. During the reporting year, Mr. Huang Wei, a non-
                  executive director, and Mr. Zhu Yanfeng, an executive director, resigned on 17 May 2023
                  and 2 November 2023, respectively. The term of office of the 5th Board of Directors last
                  till 24 September 2023. Before members of the new session are appointed, the above
                  directors will still faithfully perform their duties as directors. In addition, all the independent
                  non-executive directors are independent and not related to the Company or any of its
                  major shareholders, with the term of office not exceeding nine years.




                                                                                             2023 Annual Report         67
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                           There are no financial, business, family or other material relationships among members of
                           the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company has purchased liability insurance
                           for all directors and senior management.


                           There are no financial, business, family or other material relationships among members of
                           the Board of Directors of the Company. The Company has purchased liability insurance
                           for all directors and senior management. Members of the Board of Directors of the
                           Company have different industry backgrounds, having expertise and extensive experience
                           in areas of corporate management, financial accounting, laws and investment. The Board
                           of Directors has formulated the Board Diversification Policy and reviews its composition at
                           least once a year. Brief biographies of each of the directors are set out on pages 49 to 50
                           in this annual report.


                     2)    Chairman and President

                           The Chairman and President of the Company are acted by different persons with a clear
                           division of duties. In particular, the Chairman is responsible for supervising the daily
                           operation of the Board of Directors, examining the execution of the Board resolutions
                           and other duties, while the President is responsible for the daily operation management
                           of the Company and implementing the resolutions of the Board of Directors under the
                           Chairman’s leadership. Details of the senior management of the Company are set out on
                           pages 52 to 53 in this annual report.


                     3)    Independent non-executive directors

                           Currently, the Company has three independent non-executive directors, representing
                           more than one-third of the total members of the Board of Directors. The Company
                           complied with the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least
                           three independent non-executive directors (accounting for at least one-third of the Board),
                           at least one of which possessing appropriate professional qualifications.


                           All the independent non-executive directors of the Company are familiar with the rights
                           and obligations of directors and independent non-executive directors of listed companies.
                           During the reporting period, the independent non-executive directors performed their
                           duties in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company and Rules of
                           Procedures of the meeting of Board of Directors in a faithful and diligent manner,
                           exercised the rights as independent non-executive directors in a discreet, careful and
                           proper manner, attended board meetings and shareholders’ general meetings in a
                           proactive and responsible manner, and gave full play to their experience and strengths.
                           They made extensive efforts to improve the Company’s corporate governance and
                           material decision-making, and expressed impartial and objective opinions to effectively
                           safeguard the interests of shareholders. All of the three independent non-executive
                           directors of the Company were members of the committees under the Board of Directors.




68   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


     During the reporting period, the independent non-executive directors of the Company
     expressed their independent views on connected transactions during the reporting period
     and discharged their duties as independent non-executive directors seriously.


     During the reporting period, the independent non-executive directors of the Company
     expressed no dissenting views to the resolutions of the Board of Directors and other
     matters other than such resolutions.


     The Board of Directors confirmed the receipt from each of the independent non-executive
     directors a confirmation in respect of their independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the
     Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Board considered the existing
     independent non-executive directors are independent persons as defined in Rule 3.13 of
     the Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


4)   Non-executive director


     Mr. Huang Wei, a non-executive director of the Company, resigned on 17 May 2023.


5)   Board independence mechanism


     The Company adopts a number of approaches and methods to ensure that the Board
     has access to independent advice and recommendations. For instance, pursuant to
     Code Provisions C.5.6 and C.5.9 of Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules, the Board and its
     members are provided with sufficient information and have separate and independent
     access to the Company’s senior management to make informed decisions. In particular,
     all members of the Board have the right to obtain timely information about the Group
     (including but not limited to management accounts, results of operations and statistics,
     audit results and other industry and market related information and forecasts), to seek the
     assistance of the Company Secretary and professional advice, if any, at the Company’s
     expense. In addition, the Company’s Audit and Risk Management Committee is entitled to
     liaise and discuss annually with the Company’s external auditors in discharging its duties
     and Board members are encouraged to seek the views of other members, employees,
     other stakeholders and investors (through investor relations channels) where appropriate
     to ensure that a full range of perspectives are taken into account in the decision-making
     process.


     The Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of the approach and
     methodology annually. The Board is satisfied that it has effective and adequate formal
     or informal channels, which ensure that independent advice and recommendations are
     reached at Board level.




                                                                          2023 Annual Report       69
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                     6)    Training and Continuous Professional Development


                           Directors shall participate in appropriate continuous professional development program
                           to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills, in order to ensure that they understand
                           the business and operation of the Company and are fully aware of their responsibilities
                           and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements.


                           During the reporting year, all directors regularly reviewed the Dongfeng investment
                           monthly report, financial report, automobile market research report and other information
                           to understand the industry development, current operation, financial condition and
                           relevant information of the Company.


                           The records are as follows:


                                                                                                          Information
                           Directors                                                                       Reviewed


                           Executive directors
                           Mr. Zhu Yanfeng (Resigned on 2 November 2023)                                   120th issue
                           Mr. Yang Qing                                                                  133rd issue
                           Mr. You Zheng                                                                  133rd issue


                           Non-executive director
                           Mr. Huang Wei (Resigned on 17 May 2023)                                          55th issue


                           Independent non-executive directors
                           Mr. Zong Qingsheng                                                             133rd issue
                           Mr. Leung Wai Lap, Philip                                                      133rd issue
                           Mr. Hu Yiguang                                                                 133rd issue

                     7)    Securities Transactions by Directors


                           The Company has adopted the “Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors
                           of Listed Issuers” set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules to regulate the directors’
                           securities transactions. During the reporting year, none of the directors had any other
                           interest in the shares of the Company.


                           All directors have confirmed, following enquiry by the Company that they fully complied
                           with the Model Code during 2023.




70   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
              Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


8)   Remuneration of Directors


     The fifth session of the Remuneration Committee of the Company is responsible for giving
     suggestion on the remuneration of individual executive directors and senior management.
     Other than the independent non-executive directors of the Company who received
     remuneration of directors, all other directors did not receive any remuneration of directors
     from the Company. The executive directors receive remuneration in their capacities of
     employers of the Company; non-executive directors receive corresponding remuneration
     from the Company; the remuneration of the independent non-executive directors is
     determined with reference to the average market level and the actual condition of the
     Company.


     During the reporting year, the Company paid remuneration of RMB100,000 (before tax)
     to the independent non-executive director of the fifth session of the Board of Directors,
     namely Mr. Zong Qingsheng; Mr. Hu Yiguang was paid remuneration of RMB173,368.44
     (before tax); Mr. Leung Wai Lap, Philip was paid remuneration of RMB177,368.44 (before
     tax).


9)   Board Diversity Policy


     On 27 March 2019, the Company passed the Board diversity policy at the Board meeting.
     This Board diversity policy aims to set out the approach adopted for achieving the
     diversity of the Board of the Company. The Nomination Committee will review annually
     the structure, size and composition of the Board and advise on any changes proposed to
     be made to the Board to correspond with the Company’s corporate strategy.


     In reviewing and assessing the Board composition and nomination of directors, a number
     of factors has to be considered for Board diversity, including but not limited to gender,
     age, cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge
     and industry and regional experience. The Company aims at maintaining an appropriate
     balance of diversity perspectives of the Board that are relevant to the Company’s
     business growth. The Nomination Committee will discuss and agree on the measurable
     objectives for achieving the Board diversity and make recommendations to the Board.


     In compliance with Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rules, the Company is considering adding
     new female directors to the Board by 31 December 2024 through various channels such
     as engaging human resources agencies to identify potential successors to the Board
     and increasing gender diversity (where applicable) in the coming years, with an emphasis
     on gender as one of the factors to be taken into account by the Company in achieving
     diversity on the Board. The Company is committed to promoting gender diversity on the
     Board and in the workforce as a whole.




                                                                           2023 Annual Report       71
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                            As at the date of this report, the number of female employees of the Group accounted
                            for approximately 18.22% of the total number of employees. The Board considers that
                            the Group’s workforce is now progressively diversifying in terms of gender. The Group’s
                            recruitment strategy is to recruit the right people for the right positions and to achieve
                            diversity among all staff, including senior management, in terms of gender, age, culture,
                            and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge.


                            If necessary, the Board of Directors may adopt and/or revise diverse factors and
                            measurable objectives at any time to meet the business needs of the Company and the
                            succession plan for the Board of Directors.


                (2)   The Board


                      The Board is the decision-making body of the Company. The Board is responsible for the
                      operation and management of properties of the Company as authorised by the general meeting.
                      The Board is also responsible for performing the functions set out in the relevant code provision
                      of the Corporate Governance Code. The Board is accountable to the shareholders in general
                      meeting. The operators of the Company is responsible for the daily operation and management.


                      The Board is accountable to the shareholders’ general meeting and exercises the following
                      functions and powers:


                      •     to be responsible for the convening of the shareholders’ general meeting and to report on
                            its work to the shareholders in general meetings;


                      •     to implement the resolutions passed by the shareholders in general meetings;


                      •     to determine the business plans and investment proposals of the Company;


                      •     to formulate the preliminary and final annual financial budgets of the Company;


                      •     to formulate the profit distribution proposal and loss recovery proposal of the Company;


                      •     to formulate the debt and financial policies, proposals for the increase or reduction of the
                            registered capital of the Company and for the issuance of debentures;


                      •     to draw up the material acquisition or disposal proposals and plans for the merger,
                            division or dissolution of the Company;


                      •     to determine the establishment of the internal management structure of the Company;




72   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


•     to appoint or remove the president of the Company, to appoint or remove the vice
      president and the finance director of the Company based on the nominations of the
      president, and to decide on their remuneration;


•     to decide on the establishment of the branch organizations of the Company;


•     to set up the basic management system of the Company, including the financial
      management and human resources management systems;


•     to formulate proposals for any amendment of the Articles of Association;


•     to submit the proposals for application of bankruptcy of the Company;


•     to determine the external guarantees of the Company under the authorisation of general
      meetings;


•     except for the matters that the Company Law and the Articles of Association require to
      be resolved by the shareholders in general meeting, to decide on other important and
      administrative matters of the Company and to execute other important agreements;


•     to exercise such other authorities as conferred at general meetings and the Articles of
      Association.


The Board shall exercise the above powers by passing resolutions at Board Meetings. The
directors could also seek independent professional advice when performing their duties.




                                                                          2023 Annual Report    73
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                     1)    The Board Meeting


                           The Board shall convene at least four meetings every year at an interval of approximately
                           once a quarter. During the reporting year, the Board held 7 meetings, including four
                           regular meetings and three extraordinary board meetings. The attendance of Directors in
                           person was set out below (Directors failed to attend had appointed their proxies):


                                                                           Audit and Risk
                                                                            Management Remuneration      Nomination     General
                           Directors                         The Board        Committee     Committee    Committee     Meeting


                           Executive directors
                           Mr. Zhu Yanfeng
                             (Resigned on 2 November 2023)   2/6(33.33%)                                    1/4(25%)    1/2(50%)
                           Mr. Yang Qing                      7/7(100%)                      1/1(100%)                 2/2(100%)
                           Mr. You Zheng                      7/7(100%)                                                2/2(100%)


                           Non-executive director
                           Mr. Huang Wei
                             (Resigned on 17 May 2023)        2/2(100%)                                                1/1(100%)


                           Independent non-executive
                            directors
                           Mr. Zong Qingsheng                 7/7(100%)         3/3(100%)    1/1(100%)     4/4(100%)   2/2(100%)
                           Mr. Leung Wai Lap, Philip         6/7(85.71%)        3/3(100%)                  4/4(100%)   2/2(100%)
                           Mr. Hu Yiguang                     7/7(100%)         3/3(100%)    1/1(100%)                 2/2(100%)

                           In addition, the Chairman of the Board of Directors has held meetings with non-executive
                           directors (including independent non-executive directors) annually without attendance of
                           executive directors.




74   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
              Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


2)   Committees under the Board


     The Company has established three committees under the Board, including Audit and
     Risk Management Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee. The
     members of these committees are mainly Independent Non-executive Directors. Each
     of the committees carries out its duties in accordance with its term of reference. The full
     texts of the rules of procedures of the three committees were posted on the websites of
     the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


     Members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee


     All of the members of the Audit and Risk Management Committee are independent
     non-executive directors, including Mr. Leung Wai Lap, Philip (the convenor), Mr. Zong
     Qingsheng and Mr. Hu Yiguang.


     Major duties


     •     to advise the Board of Directors on the appointment, re-appointment and dismissal
           of the external auditors, including the remuneration and terms of employment for
           the external auditors, and handle any issues related to the auditors’ resignation or
           dismissal;


     •     to review the Company’s financial reports, review the Company’s accounting
           policies and changes, review other financial reports that need to be reviewed
           and approved by the Board of Directors, and present opinions to the Board of
           Directors. Members of the Committee should contact the Board of Directors
           and senior management, meet with the Company’s external auditors at least
           twice a year, and pay attention to major or unusual matters reflected in financial
           reports and accounts, as well as relevant matters raised by the Company’s
           finance personnel and audit personnel and external auditors. Before submitting
           the financial report to the Board of Directors, the Committee should review the
           following matters: any changes to accounting policies or practices, contents that
           require important judgments, major adjustments arising from audit, assumptions
           about ongoing operation and any qualified opinions, compliance with accounting
           standards, compliance with the Listing Rules and legal provisions on financial
           reporting;


     •     to examine and oversee whether the external auditors are independent and
           objective and whether the audit procedure is effective in accordance with
           applicable standards; discuss the nature and scope of audit and relevant reporting
           responsibilities with the auditors before the audit work begins;




                                                                          2023 Annual Report       75
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                           •     to act as the main representative between the Company and external auditors, and
                                 oversee the relationship between the two;


                           •     to formulate policies on the provision of non-audit services by external auditors
                                 and implement the policies;


                           •     to examine the Audit Statement Letter sent by the external auditors to the
                                 management, and the major questions raised by the external auditors to the
                                 management on accounting records, financial accounts or the monitoring system,
                                 as well as the management’s response, so as to ensure that the Board of Directors
                                 responds to the relevant questions raised in the Audit Statement Letter sent by the
                                 external auditor to the management in a timely manner;


                           •     to assess and determine the nature and degree of risks that the Company is willing
                                 to accept when pursuing its strategic objectives, and report and give suggestions
                                 to the Board of Directors;


                           •     to examine the Company’s financial monitoring, risk management and internal
                                 c o n t r o l s y s t e m s, a n d d i s c u s s t h e r i s k m a n a g e m e n t a n d i n t e r n a l c o n t r o l
                                 systems with the management, to ensure that the management has fulfilled its
                                 responsibilities and established effective systems. The discussion should cover
                                 whether the Company has enough resources and qualified and experienced
                                 employees in the areas of accounting and financial reporting, and whether the
                                 training courses for employees and relevant budgets are sufficient;


                           •     to review the Company’s annual report on risk management and internal control,
                                 and provide opinions to the Board of Directors;


                           •     to take the initiative or be appointed by the Board of Directors to study the
                                 important investigation results related to risk management and internal control and
                                 the management’s response to the investigation results;


                           •     to coordinate the communication and work of internal and external auditors;


                           •     to ensure sufficient resources provided to and appropriate standing for the internal
                                 auditing department within the Company, and review and monitor the efficiency of
                                 the internal auditing department;


                           •     to review the following arrangements of the Company which the employees may,
                                 in confidence, raise concerns about possible improprieties in financial reporting,
                                 internal control or other matters. The Audit and Risk Management Committee
                                 shall ensure that proper arrangements are in place for a fair and independent
                                 investigation of such matters and for appropriate follow-up actions;



76   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
           Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


•     to comply with any new requirements on the duties and authorities of the Audit
      and Risk Management Committee under the listing rules of the places where the
      Company is located and where the shares of the Company are listed;


•     to report to the Board of Directors on matters related to the Corporate Governance
      Code in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules ;


•     other duties as authorized by the Board.


The major works in 2023


The Audit and Risk Management Committee held four meetings in 2023 and the
attendance of its members was set out in this report.


The major works of the Audit and Risk Management Committee in 2023 includes:


•     to review the annual financial position report of the Company for 2022


•     to review the proposal on the qualification approval and annual plan for monetary
      financial derivative businesses


•     to review the revision to the Rules of Procedure for the Audit and Risk Management
      Committee of the Company


•     to review the Company’s interim financial report for 2023


Members of the Remuneration Committee


The members of the Remuneration Committee are mainly independent non-executive
directors, including Mr. Zong Qingsheng (the convenor), Mr. Yang Qing and Mr. Hu
Yiguang.


Major duties


•     to make recommendations to the Board of Directors on the overall remuneration
      policy and structure for directors and senior management, and on the establishment
      of formal and transparent procedures for formulating the remuneration policy;


•     to formulate the remuneration proposal of Directors, Supervisors and senior
      management and medium and long-term incentive schemes and submit it to the
      Board for approval, and conduct performance appraisal for senior management;




                                                                   2023 Annual Report      77
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                           •     to make recommendations to the Board of Directors on the remuneration of some
                                 executive directors and senior managers, including non-monetary benefits, pension
                                 rights and compensation amounts (including compensation for loss of positions or
                                 termination of appointment);


                           •     to review and approve the compensation (if any) payable to the Executive Directors
                                 and senior management in connection with any loss or termination of their office or
                                 appointment to ensure that such compensation is determined in accordance with
                                 relevant contractual terms and is also fair and reasonable and not excessive for the
                                 Company;


                           •     to review and approve compensation arrangements (if any) relating to the dismissal
                                 or removal of the Directors for misconduct to ensure that such arrangements are
                                 determined in accordance with relevant contractual terms and compensation
                                 payment is reasonable and appropriate;


                           •     to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates are involved in determining
                                 his/her own remuneration. The remuneration of a non-executive director who is a
                                 member of the Remuneration Committee shall be determined by other committee
                                 members;


                           •     to comply with any new requirements on the duties and authorities of the
                                 Remuneration Committee under the Listing Rules ;


                           •     to review and approve the remuneration proposals of the management in
                                 accordance with the corporate policies and objectives set by the Board of
                                 Directors;


                           •     to consider the remuneration paid and the time and responsibilities required by
                                 similar companies and the employment conditions for other positions within the
                                 Group;


                           •     to make recommendations to the Board of Directors on the remuneration of non-
                                 executive directors;


                           •     to review and/or approve the matters related to the share scheme mentioned in
                                 Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules ;


                           •     other duties authorised by the Board.




78   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
          Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


The major works in 2023


The Remuneration Committee held one meetings in 2023 and the attendance of its
members was set out in this report.


The major works of the Remuneration Committee in 2023 included:


•      reviewing the Remuneration Scheme of the Directors of the Company.


Members of the Nomination Committee


The members of the Nomination Committee are mainly independent non-executive
directors, including Mr. Zong Qingsheng (the convenor), Mr. Zhu Yanfeng (resigned on
2 November 2023), Mr. Yang Qing (appointed on 2 November 2023) and Mr. Leung Wai
Lap, Philip.


Major duties


•      to advise the Board on the composition of the Board based on the operation, asset
       scale and equity structure of the Company;


•      to advise the Board on the selection criteria and procedures of Directors;


•      to identify and select qualified candidates to be nominated as Directors;


•      to review the qualifications of Director candidates and make recommendations to
       the Board;


•      to offer recommendations on the composition of other professional committees
       under the Board;




                                                                     2023 Annual Report    79
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                           •     to assess the independence of independent non-executive directors (if the Board
                                 of Directors plans to propose a resolution to select a person as an independent
                                 non-executive director at the shareholders’ meeting, ensure that the circular letter
                                 and/or explanatory letter to shareholders passed by the shareholders’ meeting
                                 set out (i) the process used to find the person, the reasons why the Board of
                                 Directors thinks that the person should be selected and the reasons why the
                                 person is independent; (ii) if the designated independent non-executive director
                                 will be the director of the 7th (or more) listed company, the reasons why the Board
                                 of Directors thinks that the person can still devote enough time to fulfilling the
                                 responsibilities as a non-executive director; (3) the views, perspectives, expertise
                                 and experience that the person can bring to the Board of Directors; and (4) how
                                 the person can promote the diversity of Board members);


                           •     If an independent non-executive director has been in office for more than nine
                                 years, the Board of Directors shall discuss whether it should continue the
                                 appointment, including the reasons why it thinks the director is still independent
                                 and should be re-elected;


                           •     to give recommendations on candidates of president, vice president, secretary
                                 to the Board and person-in-charge of the finance department and other senior
                                 officers for appointment by the Board;


                           •     to review the structure, size and composition of the Board (including skills,
                                 knowledge and experiences) at least once a year, to satisfy the diversification
                                 policy of the Board of Directors, and to make recommendations on any proposed
                                 changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy so as to
                                 facilitate the implementation of the strategy of the Company;


                           •     to offer recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment or
                                 replacement of Directors and senior management;


                           •     relevant requirements specified in the latest revision to the Listing Rules about the
                                 responsibilities and powers of the Nomination Committee, if any, shall apply;


                           •     to report to the Board of Directors on matters related to the Corporate Governance
                                Code in Appendix C1 of the Listing Rules .


                           •     other duties as authorized by the Board.




80   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                 The major works in 2023


                 The Nomination Committee held four meetings in 2023 and the attendance of its
                 members was set out in this report.


                 The major works of the Nomination Committee in 2023 included:


                 •       assessing the independence of the independent non-executive directors of the
                         Company;


                 •       to review the revision to the Rules of Procedure for the Nomination Committee of
                         the Company;


                 •       to review the proposals on the adjustment of the Company’s senior management
                         members;


                 •       to review the proposals on the adjustment of the Company’s secretaries,
                         authorized representatives, securities affairs representatives and electronic
                         submission system authorisers;


                 •       to review the proposals on the adjustment of the Company’s chairman and
                         members of special committees.


4.   Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

     (I)   Supervisors


           According to the Articles of Association, Supervisors shall include Supervisors representing
           the shareholders and one Supervisor representing employees. Supervisors representing
           the shareholders shall be elected and removed by shareholders’ general meetings, and the
           Supervisors representing employees shall be elected and removed by the employees in a
           democratic way.


           The current Supervisory Committee is the fifth session of Supervisory Committee since the
           establishment of the Company and currently comprises three Supervisors, namely Mr. He Wei
           (the Chairman of the Supervision Committee), Mr. Jin Jun (Employee Supervisor) and Mr. Bao
           Hongxiang (Independent Supervisor).




                                                                                    2023 Annual Report      81
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                (II)   Supervisory Committee


                       During the reporting year, the Supervisory Committee held two regular meetings. The attendance
                       of supervisors in person was set out below (supervisors who failed to attend had appointed their
                       proxies):


                                                                                  The      The regular Shareholders’
                                                                         Supervisory meeting of the              General
                       Supervisor                                         Committee              Board          Meeting


                       Chairman of the Supervision Committee
                       Mr. He Wei                                           2/2(100%)         7/7(100%)        2/2(100%)


                       Independent Supervisor
                       Mr. Bao Hongxiang                                    2/2(100%)         7/7(100%)        2/2(100%)


                       Employee Supervisor
                       Mr. Jin Jun                                          2/2(100%)         7/7(100%)        2/2(100%)

                       The Supervisory Committee has supervised on the convening procedures and resolutions of
                       shareholders’ general meetings of the Company and Board meetings and the implementation
                       of resolutions of shareholders’ general meetings by the Board. The Supervisory Committee did
                       not hold a dissenting view regarding the reports and resolutions proposed to shareholders’
                       general meeting by the Board. The Supervisory Committee is of the view that the Company has
                       been strictly compliance with the Company Law , the Listing Rules , the Articles of Association
                       and other relevant laws, rules and regulations and diligently implemented all resolutions of
                       shareholders’ general meetings during the reporting year. The Supervisory Committee is of the
                       view that the Company continuously refined its internal management and internal control system
                       and the internal management system was well-established.


                       The Supervisory Committee reviewed the annual and interim financial reports and relevant
                       information of the Company. Upon the audit, the certified public accountant has issued
                       unqualified auditors’ reports on the 2022 annual financial report and 2023 interim financial report
                       of the Company, confirmed that the consolidated financial statements give an objective, true and
                       fair view of the financial position and the financial performance of the Company.




82   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                               Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


5.   Accountability and Auditing

     (I)    Financial Reporting


            The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the information and representations in
            the financial statements of the Company for the year. The Directors consider that the financial
            statements of the Company have been prepared in accordance with the Listing Rules, the
            Company Ordinance and international accounting standards and code. The Directors have
            applied appropriate accounting policies and have made prudent and reasonable judgments
            and estimates. The Directors, having made appropriate enquiries, are not aware of any material
            uncertain events or conditions which may cast significant doubt upon the Company’s ability to
            continue as a going concern.


            The statement of the auditor of the Company regarding their responsibilities on the financial
            statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 91 to 92 of this annual
            report.


     (II)   Auditor and Remuneration


            The Audit and Risk Management Committee is responsible for providing recommendation on the
            appointment and replacement of accounting firms and other intermediary institutions and their
            remuneration to the Board.


            PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”) retired as auditors of the Company at the conclusion of
            the annual general meeting of the Company held on 20 June 2023 (the “2022 AGM”). Following
            the retirement of PwC at the 2022 AGM, Ernst & Young was appointed as the Company’s new
            auditor.


            During the reporting year, the Company appointed Ernst & Young as the Company’s international
            auditor in 2023 and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP as the Company’s domestic auditor in 2023,
            both of which were engaged in interim report review and annual report audit until the end of
            the 2023 annual general meeting. Authorized by the general meeting, the Board of Directors
            determined that the combined remuneration of the presiding auditors is RMB7.473 million
            (including tax).


            The Audit and Risk Management Committee has discussed and evaluated the professional
            qualification and the audit works of Ernst & Young and Ernst & Young Hua Ming LLP for 2023.




                                                                                      2023 Annual Report      83
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


                (III)   Risk Management and Internal Control


                        The Board reviews the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control of the Group
                        regularly, including financial control, operation control and compliance control, to ensure that
                        the operation of the Company is in compliance with laws and its assets are protected and the
                        financial information used in its operation and disclosed to the public is accurate and reliable.


                        In accordance with the Corporate Governance Code of the Stock Exchange, the Company has
                        set up a comprehensive set of risk management and internal control systems, including systems
                        for mechanisms and procedures, systems for organizations and bodies and the supervision and
                        control system, and has optimized the standardized risk management and internal control and
                        management system.


                        Under the philosophy of “central planning, division of responsibilities, prioritisation and
                        comprehensive implementation”, the Company has established a risk management and internal
                        control system involving the Board, the Audit and Risk Management Committee and other
                        relevant units and branches with clear division of duties.


                        The Audit and Risk Management Committee of the Board was established to supervise the
                        financial reporting procedures, internal control and risk management of the Company. The
                        Audit and Risk Management Committee receives annual reports on the annual review of risk
                        management and work on management and control, development and operation of internal
                        control system as well as internal audit from the Company and provides guidance and
                        supervision to the Company.


                        During the reporting year, the Company focused on the synergy of risk management with
                        internal control and internal audit, located and rectified defects in the internal control and
                        identified potential risks by reviewing the internal control process, so as to promote the risk
                        control capabilities. Also, the Company bettered the risk management by performing an audit
                        on its businesses, in turn optimising the internal control and eliminating the risks in an effective
                        manner.




84   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                 Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


Under the authorisation of the Board and the Audit and Risk Management Committee, the
Audit Department of the Company carried out self-evaluation on the validity of the structure
and operation of internal control in respects of the comprehensiveness, significance, control,
adaptability and cost effectiveness to ensure the operation of the Company is in compliance with
laws, to prevent risks and to enhance the management of the Company. The Company further
refined and improved risk prevention mechanism and internal control system so as to ensure the
sound operation of the Company. The principal businesses and issues under the internal control
assessment cover all the businesses and management issues of the five elements of internal
control. Key emphasis has been placed on the high-risk areas, including safety management,
quality management, fund management, procurement management, sales management,
production management, logistics management, inventory management, contract management
and other businesses. During the reporting period, the Company has established an internal
control system for all businesses and issues which were included in the evaluation and the
system was implemented effectively, meeting the objectives of internal control of the Company.
The internal control of the Company did not have any material deficiencies. As such, reasonable
assurance has been given to the fulfillment of the objectives of internal control of the Company.


With the foundation of the annual risk assessment and improvement in specific risk management
and control, the focus of the risk management tasks of the Company has been laid on
the principle of “integration, innovation and promotion” to endeavor to integrate risks with
businesses, innovative approaches with means and promotional templates and results, to
augment risk control mechanisms and systems and to enhance the management and control
of major risks. The Company has placed great emphasis on the implementation of risk control
and management while constantly elevating the effectiveness of risk management and control to
ensure the progressive and accelerated development via risk management. During the reporting
period, there were no material events in relation to risks of the Company


The internal audit of the Company is mainly focused on the communication and coordination
with external auditors. Being oriented towards issues and risks, the internal audit is also
integrated into the internal control and holistic risk management of the Company, which has
enhanced the functions of internal audit as “radar warning” and an “immune system”. The
priority of the audit is placed on the prevention of operating and financial risks associated with
the decision-making procedures of “three major issues and one substantial matter” (“三重一大”),
the quality of accounting information and accountability of management during the tenure, which
has enhanced the rectification of issues identified in the audit and promoted the continuous
optimisation of internal control.




                                                                             2023 Annual Report      85
     Corporate Governance Report (Continued)


          6.    Company Secretaries

                Mr. Yin Yaoliang (resigned on 28 August 2023), Mr. Liao Xianzhi (appointed on 28 August 2023) are the
                joint company secretaries of the Company, and the Company has also appointed Ms. Yuen Wing Yan,
                Winnie from Tricor Services Limited as the external joint company secretary of the Company; the main
                contact person in the Company is Mr. Liao Xianzhi.


                Ms. Yuen Wing Yan, Winnie has complied with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules by taking no less than 15
                hours of the relevant professional training during the year.


          7.    Other Stakeholders

                The Company respects and protects the legal interests of its stakeholders. The interests of
                shareholders, employees, the community and other parties are also taken care of. The Company also
                pays attention to environment protection and charity aiming to maintain its sustainable and healthy
                growth in economy activities.


          8.    Strengthening of Corporate Governance

                The Board will continuously review its current practices for improvement based on the changes
                and development of regulatory requirements, in order to strengthen its corporate governance. The
                Company encourages shareholders to provide advice and recommendation to enhance and improve
                the transparency of the Company.


          9.    Constitutional Documents

                During the Reporting Period, the Company has amended its Articles of Association. Details of the
                amendments are set out in the circular dated 29 May 2023 to shareholders. The latest version of the
                Company’s Articles of Association is also available on the websites of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
                and the Company.




86   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                           Independent auditor’s report


To the members of Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
(incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited (the “Company”)
and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 93 to 226, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at 31 December 2023, and the consolidated income statement, the consolidated statement of
comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash
flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated statement of
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued
by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of
the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit
of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is
provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included
the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of
the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed
to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report       87
     Independent auditor’s report (Continued)



     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

     Key audit matter                                                         How our audit addressed the key audit matter


     Warranty provisions


     A s o f 31 D e c e m b e r 2023, t h e b a l a n c e o f                 We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and
     warranty provisions for passenger vehicles and                           tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Group’s
     commercial vehicles sold in the consolidated                             accounting for warranty provisions.
     statement of financial position of the Group
     amounted to RMB2,921 million.                                            Our audit procedures performed on warranty provisions of the
                                                                              Group included, among others:
     Provisions for warranties granted by the Group
     for the passenger vehicles and commercial                                •     assessing management’s warranty provision methodology
     vehicles sold are recognized based on sales                                    using our knowledge of the Group, the experience of
     volume and estimated unit cost of repairs and                                  passenger and commercial vehicles industry, and with
     r e p l a c e m e n t s. C o n s i d e r i n g t h e m a g n i t u d e         reference to the terms of the warranty manuals and
     of the balance of warranty provisions and                                      relevant documents;
     the significant involvement of management’s
     judgement and assumptions applied in                                     •     comparing the volume of the respective vehicle models
     estimating unit cost in respect of future warranty                             used in warranty provision calculation to the sales records;
     claims, warranty provisions were identified as a
     key audit matter.                                                        •     comparing management’s estimation on the warranty cost
                                                                                    per unit with the historical actual claims incurred;
     Details of the warranty provisions are disclosed in Note
     3 “SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND                                 •     discussing with management and performing analysis on
     ESTIMATES”, Note 6”PROFIT BEFORE INCOME                                        actual claims during the year and after year-end to identify
     TAX”, and Note 32 “PROVISIONS” to the consolidated                             any indicators of significant quality defect, significant
     financial statements.                                                          c ha nge s of la bour a nd pa r t s c ost s, a nd signi fi cant
                                                                                    changes of expected occurrence of repair or replacement
                                                                                    that would significantly affect the estimates of the year-
                                                                                    end warranty provisions;


                                                                              •     testing the mathematical accuracy of calculations therein
                                                                                    by re-performing the calculations;


                                                                              •     assessing the adequacy of the disclosure of warranty
                                                                                    provisions made in the consolidated financial statements.




88   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                        Independent auditor’s report (Continued)



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matter (Continued)                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter (Continued)


Impairment assessment of property, plant
  and equipment and intangible assets


The Group recorded a total impairment provision     We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design, and
of RMB318 million against property, plant and       tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the Group’s
equipment (“PP&E”) and intangible assets to the     impairment assessment of property, plant and equipment and
consolidated income statement of the Group          intangible assets.
for the year ended 31 December 2023, and the
total carrying amount of PP&E and intangible        Our audit procedures included, among others:
assets of the Group amounted to RMB34,952
million as of 31 December 2023.                     •     understanding how management monitors independent
                                                          cash inflows and operation performance to evaluate the
Due to the fierce competition in the domestic             appropriateness of management’s grouping of PP&E and
automobile market, the total sales volume had             intangible assets with the relevant CGUs;
declined and the Group incurred loss, there
existed impairment indicators for certain PP&E      •     assessing the valuation methodology used by management
and intangible assets.                                    to determine the value in use with the assistance of our
                                                          valuation specialists by reference to the industry practice;
Management uses the value in use of the cash-
generating units (“CGUs”) to which the PP&E         •     evaluating the significant assumptions relating to discount
and intangible assets belong to determine the             rates and long-term growth rates by benchmarking market
recoverable amount. Estimating the value in               data and comparable companies with the support of our
use requires the Group to estimate the future             valuation specialists;
cash flows from the cash-generating unit and
to choose suitable discount rates to calculate      •     comparing the significant assumption relating to projected
the present value of those projected cash                 sales growth rates used by management to current
flows. The assumptions used by management                 industry and economic trends, the Group’s approved
to estimate the value in use may be affected              budget and business plan, and other relevant factors;
by unexpected changes in future market or
economic conditions. Accordingly, impairment        •     evaluating management’s reliability of projected cash
assessment of PP&E and intangible assets was              flows through review of actual outcomes against estimates
identified as a key audit matter.                         made in prior periods;


Details of the impairment provision are disclosed   •     performing sensitivity analyses for discount rates applied
in Note 3 “SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING                         and projected sales growth rates adopted to evaluate the
JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES”, Note 6 “PROFIT                 changes in the value in use of the cash-generating unit
BEFORE INCOME TAX”, Note14 “PROPERTY,                     that would result from changes in the assumptions;
PLANT AND EQUIPMENT”, and Note 16”
INTANGIBLE ASSETS” to the consolidated financial    •     assessing the adequacy of the disclosures made in the
statements.                                               financial statements regarding impairment assessment of
                                                          PP&E and intangible assets.

                                                                                                2023 Annual Report       89
     Independent auditor’s report (Continued)



     OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

     Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the 2023 annual results
     announcement (but does not include the full set of the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon), which
     we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the 2023 annual report, which is expected to be made
     available to us after that date.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
     on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give
     a true and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation
     of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
     the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
     cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
     the Group’s financial reporting process.




90   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                         Independent auditor’s report (Continued)



AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility
towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
       fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
       sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
       resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery,
       intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
       related disclosures made by the directors.


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
       on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
       may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
       material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
       in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
       conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
       events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.


•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
       the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and
       events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report       91
     Independent auditor’s report (Continued)



     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     •        Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
              activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible
              for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit
              opinion.


     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
     audit.


     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Cheung Ng.


     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants


     Hong Kong
     28 March 2024




92   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                 Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                        2023                   2022
                                                                Notes             RMB million             RMB million



Revenue                                                            4                    99,315                92,663

Cost of sales                                                                          (89,849)               (83,836)


Gross profit                                                                             9,466                  8,827


Other income                                                       5                      4,143                 6,031
Selling and distribution expenses                                                        (8,221)               (6,569)
Administrative expenses                                                                  (5,309)               (5,126)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                         10                     (1,075)               (1,209)
Other expenses                                                                           (5,601)               (5,287)
Finance expenses                                                   7                     (1,108)               (1,029)
Share of profits and losses of:
  Joint ventures                                                  19                       513                11,884
  Associates                                                      20                       807                   862


PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX                                    6                     (6,385)                8,384

Income tax credit/(expense)                                       11                       (428)                 929


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                               (6,813)                9,313


Profit attributable to:
  Equity holders of the Company                                                          (3,996)              10,265
  Non-controlling interests                                                              (2,817)                (952)


                                                                                         (6,813)                9,313


Earnings/(Loss) per share attributable to ordinary equity
  holders of the Company:                                         13

  Basic for the year                                                             (46.94) cents           119.14 cents


  Diluted for the year                                                           (46.94) cents           119.14 cents




The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.

                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report    93
     Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2023               2022
                                                                                       RMB million        RMB million



     PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                               (6,813)            9,313


     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME


     Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
       Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted for
         using the equity method                                                                      2             (24)
       Remeasurements of post-employment benefit obligations                                      36                12
       Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value through other
         comprehensive income                                                                 5,888              (2,450)


                                                                                              5,926              (2,462)


     Items that may be reclassified to profit or loss
       Currency translation differences                                                           14                (16)


     Income tax effect
       Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss                      (1,478)              606


     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                      4,462              (1,872)


     TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                           (2,351)            7,441



     Total comprehensive income/(loss) attributable to:
       Equity holders of the Company                                                            448              8,391
       Non-controlling interests                                                              (2,799)             (950)


                                                                                              (2,351)            7,441




     The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.



94   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                       Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                            As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                          2023                2022
                                                                Notes             RMB million           RMB million


ASSETS
Non-current assets
Property, plant and equipment                                     14                    24,477              21,672
Right-of-use assets                                               15                     4,751                4,799
Investment properties                                                                    4,344                2,698
Intangible assets                                                 16                    10,475                8,553
Goodwill                                                          17                     3,155                3,155
Investments in joint ventures                                     19                    38,814              40,880
Investments in associates                                         20                    16,612              15,714
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                          27                     8,997              10,384
Other non-current assets                                          21                    35,363              34,350
Deferred tax assets                                               11                     5,082                4,827


Total non-current assets                                                               152,070             147,032


Current assets
Inventories                                                       22                    14,234              13,132
Trade receivables                                                 23                     8,555              10,398
Bills receivable                                                  24                     7,304                5,311
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                       25                    37,963              50,776
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
  income                                                          27                     9,248                6,777
Due from joint ventures                                           26                     1,280              10,867
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss             29                    16,568              15,743
Pledged bank balances and time deposits                                                  4,159                1,954
Cash and cash in bank                                             28                    79,297              68,046


Total current assets                                                                   178,608             183,004


TOTAL ASSETS                                                                           330,678             330,036




The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.



                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report   95
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
     As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2023               2022
                                                                     Notes             RMB million          RMB million


     EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
     Equity attributable to equity holders of the Company
     Issued capital                                                    30                     8,302              8,616
     Reserves                                                                                26,905             25,082
     Treasury shares                                                                             (78)               (93)
     Retained profits                                                                       117,658            122,247


                                                                                            152,787            155,852
     Non-controlling interests                                                                6,822              9,684


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                           159,609            165,536


     Non-current liabilities
     Interest-bearing borrowings                                       31                    28,280             24,344
     Lease liabilities                                                 15                     1,807              1,928
     Other long term liabilities                                                              2,189              2,285
     Government grants                                                 33                     2,198              2,499
     Deferred tax liabilities                                          11                     1,691              1,621
     Provisions                                                        32                     1,942              1,754


     Total non-current liabilities                                                           38,107             34,431




     The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.



96   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
         Consolidated Statement of Financial Position (Continued)
                                                                                               As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                Notes             RMB million             RMB million


Current liabilities
Trade payables                                                    34                    27,164                18,568
Lease liabilities                                                 15                       315                   300
Bills payable                                                     35                    29,292                22,839
Other payables and accruals                                       36                    17,883                18,168
Contract liabilities                                                                     4,318                 3,810
Due to joint ventures                                             26                    20,513                36,034
Interest-bearing borrowings                                       31                    30,977                28,082
Income tax payable                                                                       1,488                 1,139
Provisions                                                        32                     1,012                 1,129


Total current liabilities                                                              132,962               130,069




TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                                      171,069               164,500


TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                                           330,678               330,036




The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.



                            Director                                                Director




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report    97
     Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                   Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                         Non-
                                                       Issued      Capital     Treasury     Statutory      Retained                controlling     Total
                                                       capital     reserve       shares     Reserves         profits      Total      interests    equity
                                                   RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million


     Year ended 31 December 2023


     As at 31 December 2022 and 1 January
         2023                                            8,616      5,359*          (93)      19,723*       122,247     155,852         9,684    165,536
         Loss for the year                                   –           –            –             –         (3,996)    (3,996)       (2,817)    (6,813)
         Other comprehensive income
           for the year                                      –       4,444            –             –              –      4,444            18      4,462


     Total comprehensive loss for the year                   –       4,444            –             –         (3,996)      448         (2,799)    (2,351)


     Repurchase of shares                                    –           –         (963)            –              –       (963)            –       (963)
     Cancellation of shares                               (314)       (664)         978             –              –          –             –          –
     Final 2022 dividend declared and paid                   –           –            –             –         (2,560)    (2,560)            –     (2,560)
     Dividends paid to non-controlling
         shareholders                                        –           –            –             –              –          –           (50)       (50)
     Transactions with non-controlling interests
         holder                                              –          (7)           –           (14)             –        (21)          (21)       (42)
     Share-based payment                                     –         31             –             –              –        31              8        39
     Transfer from capital reserve upon on
         disposal of equity investments at fair
         value through other comprehensive
         income                                              –      (1,967)           –             –         1,967           –             –          –


     As at 31 December 2023                              8,302       7,196          (78)       19,709*      117,658     152,787         6,822    159,609


     *            These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB26,905 million (2022: RMB25,082 million) in the
                  consolidated statement of financial position.




     The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.




98   Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
            Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity (Continued)
                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                            Attributable to equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                                 Non-
                                                  Issued         Capital       Treasury       Statutory        Retained                     controlling         Total
                                                  capital        reserve         shares       Reserves           profits         Total        interests        equity
                                             RMB million    RMB million     RMB million     RMB million     RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million


Year ended 31 December 2022


As at 1 January 2022                              8,616           5,513*               –        18,391*        114,909        147,429           4,749        152,178
  Profit for the year                                  –               –               –              –         10,265         10,265             (952)        9,313
  Other comprehensive income for the
     year                                              –          (1,874)              –              –               –         (1,874)              2         (1,872)


Total comprehensive income for the year                –          (1,874)              –              –         10,265          8,391             (950)        7,441


Transfer to reserves                                   –               –               –          1,332          (1,332)             –               –
Repurchase of treasury shares                          –               –             (93)             –               –            (93)              –            (93)
Share of capital reserve of investments
  accounted for using the equity method                –              48               –              –               –            48                –            48
Final 2021 and interim 2022 dividend
  declared and paid                                    –               –               –              –          (2,585)        (2,585)            (13)        (2.598)
Transactions with non-controlling interest
  holder                                               –           2,652               –              –               –         2,652           1,061          3,713
Business combination under common
  control                                              –             (89)              –              –               –            (89)              –            (89)
Business combinations not under common
  control                                              –               –               –              –               –              –          4,837          4,837
Others                                                 –            (891)              –              –            990             99                –            99


As at 31 December 2022                            8,616           5,359*             (93)       19,723*        122,247        155,852           9,684        165,536




The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.




                                                                                                                                          2023 Annual Report             99
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2023               2022
                                                                      Notes            RMB million        RMB million


     Cash flows from operating activities
     Profit/(loss) before income tax                                                          (6,385)            8,384
     Adjustments for:
       Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                           (1,320)         (12,746)
       Gain on disposal of items of property, plant and equipment
         and intangible assets, net                                     6                       (178)             (319)
       Gain on disposal of long-term investments                        5                       (129)            (1,945)
       Loss on changes in fair value of financial assets at fair
         value through profit or loss                                                                 4            397
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              6                       431                353
       Write-down of inventories to net realisable value                6                       426                189
       Impairment losses on financial assets                            6                     1,075              1,209
       Impairment losses on investment property                                                       –             12
       Exchange (gain)/loss, net                                        7                       337               (187)
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                    6                     3,214              2,816
       Depreciation of Investment properties                            6                         99                78
       Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment             6                       198                 82
       Impairment of intangible assets                                  6                       120                 75
       Amortisation of intangible assets                                6                     1,466              1,194
       Interest expenses of lease liabilities                           7                       111                115
       Finance expenses                                                 7                       660                914
       Interest income                                                  5                       (746)             (746)
       Government grants                                               33                       (377)             (368)


                                                                                                (994)             (493)




     The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.




100 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2023                  2022
                                                                Notes             RMB million             RMB million


(Increase)/decrease in trade and bills receivables and
  prepayments,deposits and other receivables                                             (1,733)                 867
Increase in inventories                                                                  (1,528)               (1,022)
Decrease in amounts due from joint ventures                                              4,646                   348
Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables, contract
  liabilities and other payables and accruals                                           11,870                (12,612)
Decrease in loans and receivables from financing services                                9,604                19,306
Increase in cash deposits received from financing services                               4,019                  3,339
Decrease/(increase) in a mandatory reserve with the People’s
  Bank of China                                                                            383                   (487)
Decrease in amounts due to joint ventures                                              (15,521)                  (763)
Increase in provisions                                                                     224                   207


Cash from operations                                                                    10,970                  8,690
Interest paid                                                                              (702)                 (516)
Income tax paid                                                                          (1,715)               (1,612)


Net cash flows from operating activities                                                 8,553                  6,562




The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.




                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report    101
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                               2023               2022
                                                                     Notes             RMB million        RMB million


     Cash flows from investing activities
     Purchases of items of property, plant and equipment,
       investment property and other long term assets                                         (9,699)            (4,168)
     Increase in Right-of-use assets                                                             (41)             (272)
     Purchases of intangible assets                                                           (2,981)            (3,884)
     Purchases of other equity instruments                                                            –             (98)
     Investments in joint ventures and associates                                               (190)             (481)
     Proceeds from disposal of items of property, plant and
       equipment and intangible assets, investment property                                     862                981
     Proceeds from sale of financial assets at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                                             7,271              5,247
     Proceeds from sale of subsidiaries and associates                                            79               938
     Dividends from joint ventures and associates                                             7,700           14,152
     Dividends from financial assets at fair value through other
       comprehensive income                                                                   1,013                719
     Government grants received                                                                   76               372
     Interest received                                                                          746                799
     Increase in pledged bank balances and time deposits and
       financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                      39               132
     Increase in non-pledged time deposits with original maturity
       of three months or more when acquired                           28                     (4,100)            (1,563)
     Cash decreased relating to acquisition of subsidiaries                                           –          (3,802)
     Cash paid relating to other investing activities                                           (646)             (703)


     Net cash flows from investing activities                                                   129              8,369




     The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.




102 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                          2023                    2022
                                                                Notes             RMB million               RMB million


Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                25,711                  18,146
Repayment of borrowings                                                                (23,236)                 (17,706)
Capital contribution from non-controlling shareholders                                           –                3,713
Repurchase of shares                                                                       (963)                    (93)
Dividends paid to non-controlling shareholders                                              (50)                    (24)
Dividends paid to the equity holders of the Company                                      (2,560)                 (2,585)
Other payments related to financing activities                                             (529)                   (321)


Net cash (used in)/from financing activities                                             (1,627)                  1,130


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                7,055                  16,061
Effects of exchange rate changes on cash and cash
  equivalents                                                                                96                    153
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                          65,244                  49,030


Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                          28                    72,395                  65,244




The notes on pages 104 to 226 form an integral part of the consolidated financial information.




                                                                                                     2023 Annual Report    103
     Notes to the Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     1.    GENERAL INFORMATION

           Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited (the “Company”) is a joint stock limited liability company
           incorporated in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”). The registered office of the Company is located at
           Special No. 1 Dongfeng Road, Wuhan Economic and Technology Development Zone, Wuhan, Hubei, the PRC.


           During the year, the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) were principally
           engaged in the manufacturing and sale of automobiles, engines and other automotive parts and rendering of
           financing services.


           In the opinion of the directors, the holding company and the ultimate holding company of the Company is
           Dongfeng Motor Corporation (“DMC”), a state-owned enterprise established in the PRC.


     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

           The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with all applicable
           International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
           Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the
           historical cost convention, except for certain financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value. These financial
           statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the nearest million except when
           otherwise indicated.


           The preparation of financial statements in conformity with IFRS requires the use of certain critical accounting
           estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s
           accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
           assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 3.




104 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

   Basis of consolidation

   The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for
   the year ended 31 December 2023. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly,
   controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns
   from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
   investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the
   investee).


   Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the Company has
   less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group considers all relevant facts and
   circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee, including:


   (a)     the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;


   (b)     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and


   (c)     the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.


   The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
   consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
   obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.


   Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent
   of the Group and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having
   a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
   transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


   The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
   changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest
   of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.


   If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises the related assets (including goodwill), liabilities,
   any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and recognises the fair value of any
   investment retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of components
   previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as
   appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets
   or liabilities.




                                                                                                2023 Annual Report       105
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

           The Group has adopted the following new and revised IFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
           statements.


           IFRS 17                                                    Insurance Contracts
           Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2          Disclosure of Accounting Policies
           Amendments to IAS 8                                        Definition of Accounting Estimates
                                                                      Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
           Amendments to IAS 12                                          arising from a Single Transaction
           Amendments to IAS 12                                       International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules

           The nature and the impact of the new and revised IFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:


           (a)   Amendments to IAS 1 require entities to disclose their material accounting policy information rather
                 than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if, when considered
                 together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably be
                 expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on
                 the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to IFRS Practice Statement 2 Making Materiality
                 Judgements provide non-mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting
                 policy disclosures. The Group has disclosed the material accounting policy information in note 2.3 to
                 the financial statements. The amendments did not have any impact on the measurement, recognition or
                 presentation of any items in the Group’s financial statements.


           (b)   Amendments to IAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in
                 accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that
                 are subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement
                 techniques and inputs to develop accounting estimates. Since the Group’s approach and policy align
                 with the amendments, the amendments had no impact on the Group’s financial statements.




106 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

   (c)   Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
         narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in IAS 12 so that it no longer applies to
         transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and
         decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognise a deferred tax asset (provided
         that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising from
         these transactions.


         Since the Group’s approach and policy align with the amendments, and as the related deferred tax
         balances qualified for offsetting under IAS 12, the amendments had no material impact on the overall
         deferred tax balances presented in the consolidated statement of financial position.


   (d)   Amendments to IAS 12 International Tax Reform – Pillar Two Model Rules introduce a mandatory
         temporary exception from the recognition and disclosure of deferred taxes arising from the
         implementation of the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation
         and Development. The amendments also introduce disclosure requirements for the affected entities
         to help users of the financial statements better understand the entities’ exposure to Pillar Two income
         taxes, including the disclosure of current tax related to Pillar Two income taxes separately in the
         periods when Pillar Two legislation is effective and the disclosure of known or reasonably estimable
         information of their exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the legislation is enacted or
         substantively enacted but not yet in effect.


         The Group has not yet applied the temporary exception during the current year because the entities
         comprising the Group are operating in jurisdictions in which the Pillar Two tax law has not yet been
         enacted or substantively enacted. The Group will disclose known or reasonably estimable information
         related to its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in the consolidated financial statements by the time
         when the Pillar Two tax law has been enacted or substantively enacted and will disclose separately the
         current tax expense or income related to Pillar Two income taxes when it is in effect.




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report        107
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

           The Group has not applied the following revised IFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet effective, in
           these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these revised IFRSs, if applicable, when they become
           effective.


           Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
                                                                  Associate or Joint Venture3
           Amendments to IFRS 16                                Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback1
           Amendments to IAS 1                                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current (the
                                                                  “2020 Amendments”)1
           Amendments to IAS 1                                  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022
                                                                  Amendments”)1
           Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7                       Supplier Finance Arrangements1
           Amendments to IAS 21                                 Lack of Exchangeability2

           1
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024

           2
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025

           3
                  No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


           Further information about those IFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.


           Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in IFRS 10 and in
           IAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.
           The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the
           sale or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute
           a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the
           extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied
           prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28 was removed.
           However, the amendments are available for adoption now.


           Amendments to IFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease liability
           arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognise any amount of
           the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods
           beginning on or after 1 January 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions
           entered into after the date of initial application of IFRS 16 (i.e., 1 January 2019). Earlier application is permitted.
           The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




108 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

   The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or non-current, including
   what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer must exist at the end of the reporting
   period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer
   settlement. The amendments also clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that
   only if a conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument would the
   terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further clarify that, among covenants
   of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the
   reporting date affect the classification of that liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are
   required for non-current liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12
   months after the reporting period. The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with early application
   permitted. An entity that applies the 2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022
   Amendments, and vice versa. Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have
   any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


   Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance arrangements and require
   additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure requirements in the amendments are intended
   to assist users of financial statements in understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an
   entity’s liabilities, cash flows and exposure to liquidity risk. Earlier application of the amendments is permitted.
   The amendments provide certain transition reliefs regarding comparative information, quantitative information as
   at the beginning of the annual reporting period and interim disclosures. The amendments are not expected to
   have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.


   Amendments to IAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable into another
   currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date when exchangeability is
   lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable users of financial statements to
   understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable. Earlier application is permitted. When applying
   the amendments, an entity cannot restate comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying
   the amendments shall be recognised as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to
   the cumulative amount of translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where
   appropriate, at the date of initial application. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact
   on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report        109
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

           Investments in associates and joint ventures

           An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long-term interest of generally not less than 20% of the
           equity voting rights and over which it has significant influence. If the Group holds less than 20% of the equity
           voting rights of the investee but can clearly demonstrate it has significant influence over the investee, the
           Group accounts such investees as associates. Significant influence is the power to participate in the financial
           and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.


           A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
           have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control, is the contractually agreed sharing of control of
           an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent
           of the parties sharing control.


           The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
           position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment
           losses. Adjustments are made to bring into line any dissimilar accounting policies that may exist.


           The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint
           ventures is included in the consolidated income statement and consolidated other comprehensive income,
           respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the associate or
           joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement
           of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its
           associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or
           joint ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred.
           Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s
           investments in associates or joint ventures


           If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is
           not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other
           case, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group
           measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount
           of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the
           retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.


           The results of associates and joint ventures are included in the Company’s income statement to the extent of
           dividends received and receivable. The Company’s investments in associates and joint ventures are treated as
           non-current assets and stated at cost less any impairment losses.


           When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in
           accordance with IFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations.




110 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Business combinations and goodwill

   Business combinations are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is
   measured at the acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets
   transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the
   equity interests issued by the Group in exchange of control of the acquiree. For each business combination,
   the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree at fair value or at the
   proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests
   are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.


   The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes
   an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.


   When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
   classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and
   pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host
   contracts by the acquiree.


   If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
   acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.


   Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognized at fair value at the acquisition
   date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability that is a financial instrument and within
   the scope of IFRS 9 is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss. If
   the contingent consideration is not fall within the scope of IFRS 9, it is measured in accordance with the
   appropriate IFRS. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent
   settlement is accounted for within equity.


   Goodwill is initially measured at cost being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred,
   the amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
   interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this
   consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after
   assessment, recognized in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.


   After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is
   tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
   carrying value may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business
   combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or Groups
   of cash-generating units, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of
   whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or Groups of units.




                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report   111
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)

           Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (Group of cash-
           generating units), to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit
           (Group of cash-generating units) is less than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. An
           impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.


           Where goodwill has been allocated to a cash-generating unit (or Group of cash-generating units) and part of
           the operation within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included
           in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed
           of in these circumstances is measured on the basis of the relative value of the operation disposed of and the
           portion of the cash-generating unit retained.


           Business combination under common control

           The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements items of the combining businesses
           in which the common control combination occurs as if they had been combined from the date when the
           combining businesses first came under the control of the controlling party.


           The net assets of the combining businesses are consolidated using the existing book values from the
           controlling party’s perspective. No amount is recognised in respect of goodwill or bargain purchase gain at the
           time of common control combination.


           The consolidated income statement includes the results of each of the combining businesses from the earliest
           date presented or since the date when the combining businesses first came under the common control, where
           this is a shorter period.


           The comparative amounts in the consolidated financial statements are presented as if the businesses had
           been combined at the beginning of the previous reporting period or when they first came under common
           control, whichever is shorter.




112 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Fair value measurement

   The Group measures its equity investments and certain financial assets at fair value at the end of each
   reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in
   an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is
   based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the
   principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous
   market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the
   Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants
   would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best
   interest.


   A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
   economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant
   that would use the asset in its highest and best use.


   The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
   are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
   unobservable inputs.




                                                                                                2023 Annual Report        113
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Fair value measurement (continued)

           All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
           within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the
           fair value measurement as a whole:


           Level 1    –   based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
           Level 2    –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                          measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
           Level 3    –   based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                          measurement is unobservable

           For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
           determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation
           (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of each
           reporting period.

           Impairment of non-financial assets

           Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other
           than inventories, contract assets, deferred tax assets, financial assets, and non-current assets), the asset’s
           recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-
           generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset,
           unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or
           groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit to which
           the asset belongs.

           In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, a portion of the carrying amount of a corporate asset (e.g., a
           headquarters building) is allocated to an individual cash-generating unit if it can be allocated on a reasonable
           and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest group of cash-generating units.

           An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
           assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
           discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
           asset. An impairment loss is charged to the income statement in the period in which it arises in those expense
           categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

           An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
           recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
           recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
           reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that
           asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any
           depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of
           such an impairment loss is credited to the income statement in the period in which it arises.


114 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                            Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Related parties

   A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


   (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person


          (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;


          (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or


          (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


   Or


   (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


          (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same Group;


          (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                   subsidiary of the other entity);


          (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


          (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;


          (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                   an entity related to the Group;


          (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a); and


          (vii)    a person identified in (a) (i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                   management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


          (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                   services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




                                                                                                       2023 Annual Report      115
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

           Property, plant and equipment, other than construction in progress, are stated at cost less accumulated
           depreciation and any impairment losses. When an item of property, plant and equipment is classified as held
           for sale or when it is part of a disposal Group classified as held for sale, it is not depreciated and is accounted
           for in accordance with IFRS 5, as further explained in the accounting policy for “Non-current assets and disposal
           Groups held for sale”. The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment comprises its purchase price and
           any directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.
           Cost may also include transfers from equity of any gains or losses on qualifying cash flow hedges of foreign
           currency purchases of property, plant and equipment.


           Expenditure incurred after property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and
           maintenance, is normally charged to the income statement in the period in which it is incurred. In situations
           where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalized in the carrying
           amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are required
           to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognizes such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and
           depreciates them accordingly.


           Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
           equipment over its estimated useful life after taking into account its estimated residual value as follows:


                                                                                                      Estimated useful life


           Buildings                                                                                      Over 5 to 40 years
           Equipment                                                                                      Over 3 to 20 years

           Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
           allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values,
           useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial
           year end.


           An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognized is derecognized
           upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss
           on disposal or retirement recognized in the income statement in the year the asset is derecognized is the
           difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.


           Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction, which is stated at
           cost less any impairment losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction and
           capitalized borrowing costs on related borrowed funds during the period of construction. It is reclassified to
           the appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




116 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Investment properties

   Properties that are held for long-term rental yields or for capital appreciation or both, and that are not
   occupied by the entities of the Group, are classified as investment properties. The Group applies cost model
   for recognition of investment properties. Investment properties are measured initially at its cost, including
   related transaction costs. After initial recognition, investment properties are stated at historical cost less
   accumulated depreciation and impairment losses. Subsequent expenditure is charged to the asset’s carrying
   amount only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group
   and the cost of the item can be measured reliably. All other repairs and maintenance costs are expensed in
   the consolidated statement of comprehensive income during the financial period in which they are incurred.


   Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their residual values of 0%
   over their estimated useful lives as follows:


                                                                                              Estimated useful lives


   Buildings                                                                                      Over 10 to 40 years
   Land use rights                                                                                          50 years

   The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each
   reporting period.


   An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying
   amount is greater than its estimated recoverable amount.


   Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

   Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
   acquired in a business combination is the fair value as at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible
   assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently
   amortized over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the
   intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset
   with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.


   Patents and licenses


   Purchased patents and licenses are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortized on the
   straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of 5 to 15 years.




                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report     117
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)

           Research and development costs


           All research costs are charged to the income statement as incurred.


           Expenditure incurred on projects to develop new products is capitalised and deferred only when the Group
           can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use
           or sale, its intention to complete and its ability to use or sell the asset, how the asset will generate future
           economic benefits, the availability of resources to complete the project and the ability to measure reliably the
           expenditure during the development. Product development expenditure which does not meet these criteria is
           expensed when incurred.


           Deferred development costs are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised using the
           straight-line basis over the commercial lives of the underlying products commencing from the date when the
           products are put into commercial production.


           The carrying value of development costs is reviewed for impairment annually when the asset is not yet in use,
           or more frequently when an indication of impairment arises during the year.


           Customer relationships


           Customer relationships are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortised on the straight-line
           basis over their estimated useful lives of 17 years.




118 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Investments and other financial assets

   Initial recognition and measurement


   Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
   through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.


   The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
   characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables
   that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
   expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a
   financial asset at its fair value plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss,
   transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the
   Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under IFRS 15 in
   accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.


   In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
   comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
   (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
   and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.


   The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in
   order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
   contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at
   amortised cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to
   collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other
   comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect
   contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business
   models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.


   Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
   regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that the Group
   commits to purchase or sell the asset.




                                                                                                2023 Annual Report        119
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Investments and other financial assets (continued)

           Subsequent measurement


           The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:


           Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)


           Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and
           are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the income statement when the asset is
           derecognised, modified or impaired.


           Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) (debt instruments)


           For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange
           revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the income statement and computed in
           the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are
           recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised
           in other comprehensive income is recycled to the income statement.


           Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)


           Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
           designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under
           IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on an
           instrument-by-instrument basis.


           Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the income statement. Dividends are
           recognised as other income in the income statement when the right of payment has been established, except
           when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which
           case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value
           through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.




120 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                            Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Investments and other financial assets (continued)

   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (FVPL)


   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
   with net changes in fair value recognised in the income statement.


   This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably
   elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on the equity investments are
   also recognised as other income in the income statement when the right of payment has been established.


   A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated
   from the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not
   closely related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would
   meet the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or
   loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the income
   statement. Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly
   modifies the cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair
   value through profit or loss category.


   A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
   separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its
   entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report        121
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Derecognition of financial assets

           A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets) is
           primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:


           •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or


           •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation
                  to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
                  arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
                  or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
                  but has transferred control of the asset.


           When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
           through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of
           the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor
           transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the
           Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred
           asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the
           Group has retained.


           Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
           of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could
           be required to repay.


           Impairment of financial assets

           The Group recognises an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at
           fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
           in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
           approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the
           sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.




122 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

   General approach


   ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
   credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
   possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
   significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
   over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).


   At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
   significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
   occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
   financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
   that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.


   The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are 90 days past due. However,
   in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external
   information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
   taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.


   The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses and the impairment methodology
   applied depends on whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.


   A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash
   flows.




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report        123
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Impairment of financial assets (continued)

           General approach (continued)


           Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost
           are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
           measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as
           detailed below.


           Stage 1      –    Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                             recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
                             ECLs


           Stage 2      –    Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition
                             but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured
                             at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


           Stage 3      –    Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                             originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal
                             to lifetime ECLs

           Simplified approach


           For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the
           Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
           Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not
           track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting
           date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience,
           adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.




124 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                            Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Financial liabilities

   Initial recognition and measurement


   Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
   loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as
   appropriate.


   All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
   payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.


   The Group’s financial liabilities include loans and borrowings, trade and other payables.


   Subsequent measurement


   The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:


   Financial liabilities at amortised cost (trade and other payables, and borrowings)


   After initial recognition, trade and other payables, and interest-bearing borrowings are subsequently
   measured at amortised cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be
   immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the income statement
   when the liabilities are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortization process.


   Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
   that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortization is included in
   finance costs in the income statement.




                                                                                                       2023 Annual Report         125
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Financial guarantee contracts

           Financial guarantee contracts issued by the Group are those contracts that require a payment to be made
           to reimburse the holder for a loss it incurs because the specified debtor fails to make a payment when due
           in accordance with the terms of a debt instrument. A financial guarantee contract is recognised initially as
           a liability at its fair value, adjusted for transaction costs that are directly attributable to the issuance of the
           guarantee. Subsequent to initial recognition, the Group measures the financial guarantee contracts at the
           higher of: (i) the ECL allowance determined in accordance with the policy as set out in “Impairment of financial
           assets”; and (ii) the amount initially recognised less, when appropriate, the cumulative amount of income
           recognised.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities

           A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

           When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
           or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated
           as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the
           respective carrying amounts is recognised in the income statement.

           Offsetting of financial instruments

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
           position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention
           to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

           Borrowing costs

           General and specific borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or
           production of a qualifying asset are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and
           prepare the asset for its intended use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial
           period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale.

           Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
           qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.

           Treasury shares

           Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are
           recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss on the
           purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.




126 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Inventories

   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value.


   Costs incurred in bringing each product to its present location and condition comprises direct materials, direct
   labour and an appropriate proportion of overheads and are accounted for as follows:


   Raw materials            Purchase cost on the weighted average basis
   Finished goods and       Cost of direct materials and labor and an appropriate proportion of manufacturing
    work in progress           overheads based on the normal operating capacity but excluding borrowing costs

   Net realisable value is based on the estimated selling price, less any estimated costs of completion and the
   estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


   Trade and other receivables

   Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold or services performed in the ordinary
   course of business. They are generally due for settlement within 12 months and therefore are all classified as
   current.


   Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they
   contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The group holds the
   trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them
   subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method.




                                                                                             2023 Annual Report       127
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Cash and cash equivalents

           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
           hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity
           of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and
           form an integral part of the cash management of the Group.


           For the purpose of the statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and
           at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted as to use.


           Provisions

           A provision is recognized when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past
           event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources embodying economic benefits will be required to
           settle the obligation, provided that a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.


           When the Group expects some or all of a provision to be reimbursed, the reimbursement is recognised as a
           separate asset, but only when the reimbursement is virtually certain. The expense relating to a provision is
           presented in the statement of profit or loss net of any reimbursement.


           When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the
           end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The
           increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in “Finance
           costs” in the income statement.




128 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Revenue recognition

   Revenue from contracts with customers


   Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
   customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange
   for those goods or services.


   When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated
   to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The
   variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a
   significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated
   uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.


   When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
   financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at
   the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a
   separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract
   contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one
   year, revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
   under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer
   and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for
   the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in IFRS 15.




                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report    129
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Revenue recognition (continued)

           Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)


           (a)   Sale of goods


                  The Group manufactures and sells a range of passenger and commercial vehicles and related key
                  parts and components, including engines, cabins, axles, steel frames and gearboxes in the market.
                  Depending on the contractual arrangement with customers, sales are recognised when control of the
                  products has transferred, being when the risk and rewards have been transferred, and the customer
                  has full discretion over the channel and price to sell the products, and there is no unfulfilled obligation
                  that could affect the customer’s acceptance of the products.


                  Vehicles are often sold with volume rebates. Rebates are offset against amounts payable by the
                  customer. To estimate the variable consideration for the expected future rebates, the most likely
                  amount method is used for contracts with a single-volume threshold and the expected value method for
                  contracts with more than one volume threshold. The selected method that best predicts the amount of
                  variable consideration is primarily driven by the number of volume thresholds contained in the contract.
                  The requirements on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied and a refund liability
                  for the expected future rebates is recognised.


           (b)   Rendering of services


                  Revenue from providing services is recognised in the accounting period in which the services are
                  rendered.


           Refund liabilities


           A refund liability is recognised for the obligation to refund some or all of the consideration received (or
           receivable) from a customer and is measured at the amount the Group ultimately expects it will have to return
           to the customer. The Group updates its estimates of refund liabilities (and the corresponding change in the
           transaction price) at the end of each reporting period.




130 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Revenue recognition (continued)

   Interest income


   Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
   exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a
   shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.


   Rental income


   Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms. Variable lease payments that
   do not depend on an index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are
   incurred.


   Dividend income


   Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
   probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the
   dividend can be measured reliably.




                                                                                            2023 Annual Report       131
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Leases

           The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
           contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
           in exchange for consideration.


           Group as a lessee


           The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-term leases
           and leases of low-value assets. The Group recognises lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-
           use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.


           (a)   Right-of-use assets


                  Right-of-use assets are recognised at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
                  underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less accumulated
                  depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.
                  The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognised, initial direct costs
                  incurred, and lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives
                  received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease
                  terms and the estimated useful lives of the assets.


                  If ownership of the leased asset transfers to the Group by the end of the lease term or the cost reflects
                  the exercise of a purchase option, depreciation is calculated using the estimated useful life of the asset.




132 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                             Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Leases (continued)

   Group as a lessee (continued)


   (b)   Lease liabilities


         Lease liabilities are recognised at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
         payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-
         substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend
         on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
         payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by
         the Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
         exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an
         index or a rate are recognised as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers
         the payment occurs.


         In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
         lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
         After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
         interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities
         is remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a
         change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment
         of an option to purchase the underlying asset.


   (c)   Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets


         The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases (that is those
         leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a
         purchase option). It also applies the recognition exemption for leases of low-value assets to leases of
         office equipment and laptop computers, etc., that are considered to be of low value.


         Lease payments on short-term leases and leases of low-value assets are recognised as an expense on
         a straight-line basis over the lease term.




                                                                                            2023 Annual Report       133
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Leases (continued)

           Group as a lessor


           When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of
           its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.


           Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of
           an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the
           Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price
           basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue
           in the income statement due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an
           operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognised over the lease term on
           the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognised as revenue in the period in which they are
           earned.


           Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to
           the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.




134 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Income tax

   Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is
   recognized outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.


   Current tax assets and liabilities for the current and prior periods are measured at the amount expected to be
   recovered from or paid to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
   or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and
   practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.


   Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
   period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
   purposes.


   Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:


   •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in
          a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither
          the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
          temporary differences; and


   •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
          joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
          probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


   Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused
   tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
   taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
   unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:


   •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial
          recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of
          the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to
          equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and


   •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates
          and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the
          temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against
          which the temporary differences can be utilised.




                                                                                                2023 Annual Report       135
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Income tax (Continued)

           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
           to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of
           the deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each
           reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will
           be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.


           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
           the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.


           Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if a legally enforceable right exists to set off current
           tax assets against current tax liabilities and the deferred taxes relate to the same taxable entity and the same
           taxation authority.


           Government grants

           Government grants are recognized at their fair values where there is reasonable assurance that the grant
           will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense
           item, it is recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, which it is intended to
           compensate, are expensed. Where the grant relates to an asset, the fair value is credited to a deferred income
           account and is released to the income statement over the expected useful life of the relevant asset by equal
           instalments or deducted from the carrying amount of the asset and released to the income statement by way
           of a reduced depreciation charge.




136 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Employee benefits

   (i)     Retirement benefits


           The Group’s contributions to various defined contribution pension schemes regulated by the relevant
           municipal and provincial governments in the PRC and a supplemental pension scheme regulated by
           DMC are expensed as incurred. Further details of the defined contribution pension schemes and the
           supplemental pension scheme are set out in note 6(a) below.


   (ii)    Medical benefits


           The Group’s contributions to various defined contribution medical benefit plans organized by the
           relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC and a supplemental medical benefit plan
           organized by DMC are expensed as incurred. Further details of the defined contribution medical benefit
           plans and the supplemental medical benefit plan are set out in note 6(b) below.


   (iii)   Cash housing subsidies


           Cash housing subsidies related to present services of employees are recognized in the income
           statement when incurred. Further details of the housing subsidy plans are set out in note 6(c) below.


   (iv)    Termination and early retirement benefits


           Termination and early retirement benefits are payable whenever an employee’s employment is
           terminated before the normal retirement date or whenever an employee accepts voluntary redundancy
           in exchange for these benefits. The Group recognises termination and early retirement benefits when
           it is demonstrably committed either to terminating the employment of current employees according
           to a detailed formal plan without the possibility of withdrawal or to providing termination benefits as a
           result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Further details of the termination and early
           retirement benefit plan are set out in note 6(d) below.




                                                                                              2023 Annual Report       137
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

           Dividends

           Final dividends proposed by the directors are classified as a separate allocation of retained profits within the
           equity section of the statement of financial position, until they have been approved by the shareholders in
           a general meeting. When these dividends have been approved by the shareholders and declared, they are
           recognized as a liability.


           Foreign currencies

           (i)    Functional and presentation currency


                  Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the
                  currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (‘the functional currency’).
                  The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is the Company’s
                  functional and the Group’s presentation currency.


           (ii)   Transactions and balances


                  Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates
                  prevailing at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange
                  gains and losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-
                  end exchange rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognized
                  in the income statement, except when deferred in other comprehensive income as qualifying cash flow
                  hedges and qualifying net investment hedges.


                  Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets and liabilities such as equities held at fair value
                  through profit or loss are recognized in profit or loss as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation
                  differences on non-monetary financial assets, such as equities classified as available for sale, are
                  included in other comprehensive income.




138 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




2.3 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Foreign currencies (Continued)

   (iii)   Group companies


           The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a hyper-
           inflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
           translated into the presentation currency as follows:


           •      assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the
                  date of that balance sheet;


           •      income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates
                  (unless this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates
                  prevailing on the transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the
                  rate on the dates of the transactions); and


           •      all resulting currency translation differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.


           Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets
           and liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate. Currency translation differences
           arising are recognized in other comprehensive income.




                                                                                               2023 Annual Report       139
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

           The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates
           and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
           accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions
           and estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the
           assets or liabilities affected in the future.


           The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
           reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
           and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.


           (i)     Warranty provisions

                   Provisions for warranties granted by the Group and its joint ventures (JVs) for the passenger and
                   commercial vehicles sold are recognized based on sales volume and past experience of the cost of
                   repair and replacement. The key judgement adopted by management as part of the process includes
                   determining the estimated unit cost of warranty provisions of passenger and commercial vehicles sold.


           (ii)    Deferred tax assets

                   Significant management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can
                   be recognized, based upon the likely timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax
                   planning strategies.


           (iii)   Impairment assessment of non-financial assets (other than goodwill)

                   The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for all non-financial assets (including
                   the right-of-use assets) at the end of each reporting period. Indefinite life intangible assets are tested
                   for impairment annually and at other times when such an indicator exists. Other non-financial assets are
                   tested for impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An
                   impairment exists when the carrying value of an asset or a cash-generating unit exceeds its recoverable
                   amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The calculation
                   of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding sales transactions in
                   an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental costs for
                   disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate the
                   expected future cash flows from the asset or cash-generating unit and choose a suitable discount rate
                   in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.




140 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                            Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     (iv)   Classification between investment properties and owner-occupied properties

            The Group determines whether a property qualifies as an investment property, and has developed
            criteria in making that judgement. Investment property is a property held to earn rentals or for capital
            appreciation or both. Therefore, the Group considers whether a property generates cash flows largely
            independently of the other assets held by the Group. Some properties comprise a portion that is held
            to earn rentals or for capital appreciation and another portion that is held for use in the production or
            supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes. If these portions could be sold separately
            or leased out separately under a finance lease, the Group accounts for the portions separately. If the
            portions could not be sold separately, the property is an investment property only if an insignificant
            portion is held for use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.
            Judgement is made on an individual property basis to determine whether ancillary services are so
            significant that a property does not qualify as an investment property.


     (v)    Impairment of financial assets

            The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected
            loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the
            impairment calculation, based on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as
            forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period.


     (vi)   Measurement of expected credit loss

            The Group calculates expected credit losses through default risk exposure and expected credit
            loss rate, and determines the expected credit loss rate based on default probability and default loss
            rate. In determining the expected credit loss rate, the Group uses data such as internal historical
            credit loss experience, etc., and adjusts historical data based on current conditions and forward-
            looking information. When considering forward-looking information, the indicators used by the Group
            include the risk of economic downturn, the expected increase in unemployment rate, external market
            environment, technological environment and changes in customer situations. The Group regularly
            monitors and reviews assumptions related to the calculation of expected credit losses. In 2023, there
            was no significant change in the above estimation techniques and key assumptions.




                                                                                               2023 Annual Report       141
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

           (vii)   Impairment of goodwill

                   The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an
                   estimation of the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating
                   the value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the
                   cash-generating units and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value
                   of those cash flows.


                   If the management revises the gross profit rate adopted in calculation of future cash flows of the cash-
                   generating units and the revised gross profit rate is lower than the gross profit rate currently adopted,
                   the Group may need to recognize an impairment loss of goodwill.


                   If the management revises the pre-tax discount rate adopted in discounting cash flows and the revised
                   pre-tax discount rate is higher than the discount rate currently adopted, the Group may need to
                   recognize an impairment loss of goodwill.



           (viii) Impairment of inventory

                   Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value at the end of each reporting period.
                   If cost is higher than net realisable value, impairment against inventories is recognized and charged
                   in profit or loss during the current period. The net realisable value is the estimated selling price in
                   the current course of business, less applicable costs, variable selling expenses and tax charges.
                   Recognition of net realisable value requires judgment and estimates. If the previous estimate results
                   is different from updated estimates, the difference will affect the carrying amount of inventories in the
                   period in which the estimate is revised


           (ix)    Development costs

                   Development costs are capitalised in accordance with the accounting policy for research and
                   development costs in note 2.3 to the financial statements. Determining the amounts to be capitalised
                   requires management to make assumptions regarding the expected future cash generation of the assets,
                   discount rates to be applied and the expected period of benefits.




142 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                             Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

     Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief
     operating decision-maker. The chief operating decision-makers is responsible for allocating resources and
     assessing performance of the operating segments.


     Revenue on sales of goods represents the invoiced value of goods sold, net of value added tax, consumption
     tax and other sales taxes, after allowances for goods returns and trade discounts, and after eliminations of all
     significant intra-group transactions.


     For management purposes, the Group is organised into business units based on their products and services,
     and has four reportable operating segments as follows:


     –      The commercial vehicles segment mainly manufactures and sells of commercial vehicles, and its related
            engines and other automotive parts


     –      The passenger vehicles segment mainly manufactures and sells of passenger vehicles, and its related
            engines and other automotive parts


     –      The financing service segment mainly provides financing services to external customers and companies
            within the Group, revenue from financing service is mainly interest revenue from loan.


     –      The corporate and others segment mainly manufactures and sells of other automobile related products


     Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments separately for the purpose of making
     decisions about resource allocation and performance assessment. Segment performance is evaluated based
     on operating segment profit or loss and is measured consistently with profit or loss in the consolidated
     financial statements. However, income taxes expenses are managed on a Group basis and are not allocated
     to operating segments.


     As the chief operating decision maker of the Group considers that most of the Group’s consolidated revenue
     and results are attributable to the market in the PRC, the Group’s consolidated assets are mainly located
     inside the PRC, no geographical information is presented.


     During the year ended 31 December 2023, no revenue from transactions with a single external customer
     amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s total revenue.




                                                                                               2023 Annual Report       143
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

           Year ended 31 December 2023

                                             Commercial     Passenger     Financing   Corporate
                                                vehicles      vehicles      service   and others    Elimination     Total
                                             RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million


           Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers            49,419       42,384         6,046        1,466              –    99,315
           Intersegment sales                       119           159          105          137           (520)         –


                                                  49,538       42,543         6,151        1,603          (520)    99,315


           Results
           Segment results                        (4,107)       (6,565)       1,944         (675)        2,060     (7,343)


           Interest income                          522           253             –        2,136         (2,165)     746
           Finance expenses                          (81)          (23)           –       (1,145)          141     (1,108)
           Share of profits and losses of:
             Joint ventures                         245           268             –            –              –      513
             Associates                              (29)          (32)        808           60               –      807


           Loss before income tax                                                                                  (6,385)
           Income tax expense                                                                                        (428)


           Loss for the year                                                                                       (6,813)


           The Group derives revenue from the transfer of goods are mainly recognized at a point in time, and from
           financing services are mainly recognized over time when the services are rendered




144 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                               Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     Year ended 31 December 2023 (Continued)

                                         Commercial    Passenger     Financing    Corporate
                                            vehicles     vehicles      service   and others    Elimination     Total
                                         RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million


     Other segment information
     Capital expenditure:
       – Property, plant and
           equipment                           1,945       5,963          208         1,583              –     9,699
       – Intangible assets                      788        2,140           43            10              –     2,981
       – Right-of-use assets and
           other non-current assets                –          41             –            –              –        41
     Depreciation of property, plant
       and equipment                           1,157       1,529           15           513              –     3,214
     Amortization of intangible assets          717          563           27           159              –     1,466
     Depreciation of right-of-use
       assets                                   127          283            7            14              –       431
     Provision against inventories              257          158             –           11              –       426
     Impairment losses of financial
       assets                                   244           (86)        962           (45)             –     1,075
     Impairment losses of property,
       plant and equipment and
       intangible assets                        166          130             –           22              –       318
     Warranty provisions                        214          423             –           13              –       650




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report   145
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

           Year ended 31 December 2022


                                             Commercial      Passenger       Financing    Corporate
                                                vehicles       vehicles        service    and others     Elimination         Total
                                             RMB million    RMB million    RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million


           Segment revenue
           Sales to external customers           38,644         46,444          6,403         1,172               –        92,663
           Intersegment sales                        21            288             35            50            (394)             –


                                                 38,665         46,732          6,438         1,222            (394)       92,663


           Results
           Segment results                        (2,866)        (6,437)        1,884         1,236           2,104         (4,079)


           Interest income                          579            277               –        2,027          (2,137)          746
           Finance expenses                         (203)           13               –          (881)            42         (1,029)
           Share of profits and losses of:
             Joint ventures                         541         11,190             87            66               –        11,884
             Associates                              41            104          1,000           (283)             –           862


           Profit before income tax                                                                                         8,384
           Income tax expense                                                                                                 929


           Profit for the year                                                                                              9,313




146 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                               Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2023




4.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     Year ended 31 December 2022


                                         Commercial     Passenger       Financing     Corporate
                                            vehicles      vehicles        service    and others     Elimination         Total
                                         RMB million   RMB million    RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million


     Other segment information
     Capital expenditure:
       – Property, plant and
           equipment                            839         2,144            317           868               –         4,168
       – Intangible assets                      662         3,117             39            66               –         3,884
       – Right-of-use assets and
           other non-current assets                9          257               –             6              –           272
     Depreciation of property, plant
       and equipment                            988         1,092             13           723               –         2,816
     Amortization of intangible assets          736           233             14           211               –         1,194
     Depreciation of right-of-use
       assets                                   110           237               1             5              –           353
     Provision against inventories              207            (19)             –             1              –           189
     Impairment losses of financial
       assets                                   300           146            993           (230)             –         1,209
     Impairment losses of property,
       plant and equipment and
       intangible assets                           6          121               –           30               –           157
     Warranty provisions                        230           499               –             5              –           734




                                                                                                      2023 Annual Report        147
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     5.    OTHER INCOME

           An analysis of the Group’s other income is as follows:


                                                                                          2023                 2022
                                                                                  RMB million           RMB million


           Net income from disposal of other materials                                     102                   68
           Government grants and subsidies                                               1,163                  960
           Dividends                                                                     1,013                  719
           Interest income                                                                 746                  746
           Management dispatch fee received from joint ventures                            211                  220
           Gain on disposal of long-term investments                                       129                1,945
           Others                                                                          779                1,373


                                                                                         4,143                6,031


           The Company disposed of 2.16 million shares of Seres Group Co.,Ltd (“Seres”) in 2023, generating cash
           inflow of RMB82.63 million and a dispoal gain of RMB79.39 million (In 2022, the gain on disposal of Seres
           shares was 1,945 million).




148 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




6.   PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX

     The Group’s profit before income tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):


                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                            Notes              RMB million       RMB million


     Cost of inventories recognized                                                                 80,733           77,546
     Interest expense for financing services
         (included in cost of sales)                                                                   648              697
     Provision against inventories                                                                     426              189
     Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                            14                     3,214             2,816
     Amortization of intangible assets                                        16                     1,466             1,194
     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      15                       431              353
     Depreciation of Investment properties                                                              99               78
     Auditors’ remuneration*                                                                            18               21
     Net impairment losses on financial assets                                10                     1,075             1,209


     Staff costs (excluding directors’ and supervisors’
         remuneration (Note 8)) :
         – Wages and salaries                                                                        8,983             8,332
         – Pension scheme costs                                               (a)                      949              835
         – Medical benefit costs                                              (b)                      584              504
         – Cash housing subsidy costs                                         (c)                        2                 –


                                                                                                    10,518             9,671


     Included in other expenses:
         Gains on disposal of items of property, plant and
           equipment and intangible assets                                                            (178)             (319)
         Impairment of items of property, plant and equipment                 14                       198               82
         Impairment of intangible assets                                      16                       120               75
         Impairment of investment property                                                               –               12
         Warranty provisions                                                  32                       650              734
         Research costs                                                                              4,571             4,393
         Royalty fee                                                                                    26               22
         Other exchange losses, net                                                                    (33)             (187)


     *        Non-audit fee included in auditors’ remuneration is less than 1 million this year.




                                                                                                          2023 Annual Report    149
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     6.    PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

           (a)   Retirement benefits

                 The Group’s employees in the PRC are covered by various defined contribution pension schemes
                 regulated by the relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC pursuant to which the
                 municipal and provincial governments undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations payable
                 to all existing and retired employees.


                 In addition to the defined contribution pension schemes regulated by the relevant municipal and
                 provincial governments in the PRC, the Company and most of its subsidiaries and joint ventures located
                 in the Hubei Province (collectively referred to as the “Hubei Entities”) also participate in a supplemental
                 pension scheme regulated by DMC (the “Scheme”), pursuant to which the Hubei Entities are required
                 to make contributions based on certain percentages of the wages of the employees to the Scheme on
                 a monthly basis, whereas DMC undertakes to assume the supplemental pension obligations and other
                 pension benefits payable to the employees of the Hubei Entities. The Group has no further obligations
                 for the supplemental pension obligations and other pension benefits beyond the contributions made.
                 The contributions to the Scheme made by the Hubei Entities are expensed as incurred.


                 In accordance with the arrangement in place and for administrative reasons, the contributions to the
                 Scheme are settled directly by each of the Hubei Entities based on the amounts of their respective
                 contributions required to be borne.


                 DMC has agreed with the Company that it shall continue to assume the supplemental pension
                 obligations and other pension benefits payable to the employees of the Hubei Entities and the Hubei
                 Entities shall continue to make contributions to the Scheme, on a monthly basis, based on certain
                 percentages of the wages of their employees. DMC has also agreed to indemnify the Company against
                 any losses which may arise if the employees of the Hubei Entities claim against the Hubei Entities for
                 their supplemental pension obligations and other pension benefits under the Scheme.


           (b)   Medical benefits

                 The Group contributes on a monthly basis to various defined contribution medical benefit plans
                 organised by the relevant municipal and provincial governments in the PRC. The municipal and
                 provincial governments undertake to assume the medical benefit obligations of all existing and retired
                 employees under these plans.


                 In addition, the Hubei Entities also participate in a supplemental medical benefit plan regulated by DMC
                 pursuant to which the Hubei Entities are required to contribute certain percentages of the wages of their
                 qualified employees to the plan, on a monthly basis, and DMC undertakes to assume the supplemental
                 medical benefit obligations payable to the qualified employees of the Hubei Entities. The Group has no
                 further obligations for supplemental medical benefits beyond the contributions made. The contributions
                 made by the Hubei Entities are expensed as incurred.



150 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




6.   PROFIT BEFORE INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

     (b)   Medical benefits (Continued)

           DMC has agreed with the Company that it shall continue to assume the supplemental medical benefit
           obligations payable to the qualified employees of the Hubei Entities and such companies shall continue
           to make monthly contributions to the supplemental medical benefit plan based on certain percentages
           of the wages of their qualified employees. DMC has also agreed to indemnify the Company against any
           losses which may arise if the employees of the Hubei Entities claim against the Hubei Entities for their
           supplemental medical benefits.


     (c)   Cash housing subsidies

           In 2000, the Group implemented cash housing subsidy plans, pursuant to which the Group undertook
           the obligation to pay cash housing subsidies to its eligible employees who had not been allocated
           housing quarters or who had not been allocated housing quarters up to the prescribed standards.
           Retired employees of the Group existed at the time of the implementation of the cash housing subsidy
           plans were entitled to the benefits under these plans. Employees who joined the subsidiaries and
           joint ventures from 1 January 2003 onwards and the retired employees of these subsidiaries and joint
           ventures were not entitled to any benefits under the cash housing subsidy plans.


           For cash housing subsidies related to service periods before 1 January 2000, they were fully recognised
           as expenses upon implementation of the plans in year 2000. For cash housing subsidies related to
           service periods starting from 1 January 2000, the payments are made on a monthly basis commencing
           from January 2000 for a period of up to 20 years for employees without being allocated housing
           quarters and for a period of 15 years for employees being allocated housing quarters which are not
           up to the prescribed standards. The monthly payments are recognised in the income statement when
           incurred and are in line with the service periods of these employees.


     (d)   Termination and early retirement benefits

           The Group implemented termination and early retirement plans for certain qualified employees, pursuant
           to which the Group has the obligations to pay early retirement benefits on a monthly basis to the
           relevant early retired employees until these employees reach their normal retirement age at which time
           they can draw their pension from the governmental regulated pension schemes and the DMC regulated
           supplemental pension scheme.


           The early retirement benefit obligations estimated by the directors were fully accrued and recognised
           in the respective years’ income statements when the formal early retirement plan was demonstrably
           committed.




                                                                                              2023 Annual Report      151
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     7.    FINANCE EXPENSES

                                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                                      RMB million            RMB million


           Interest expenses on bank loans and other borrowings                                   660                795
           Interest expenses on lease liabilities (Note 15)                                       111                115
           Net exchange losses of financing activities                                            337                119


           Finance expenses                                                                      1,108             1,029


     8.    DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION

           Details of the directors’ and supervisors’ remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to Section 383 of
           the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622), Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about
           Benefits of Directors) Regulation (Cap. 622G) and HK Listing Rules, are as follows:


                                                               Directors                           Supervisors
                                                              2023            2022                 2023             2022
                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000              RMB’000


           Fees                                                450             486                       –             –
           Other emoluments:                                                                             –             –
             – Salaries                                        625             972                   754             747
             – Discretionary bonuses                          1,804          4,659                 1,769           2,679
             – Estimated money value of
                  other benefits                               167             248                   136             126
             – Employer’s contribution to a
                  retirement benefit scheme                    199             298                   154             148


           Total charged to the income
             statement                                        3,245          6,663                 2,813           3,700




152 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                      Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




8.   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

     The remuneration of every director and the chief executive is set out below:


     For the year ended 31 December 2023:


                                                                                                   Employer’s
                                                                                    Estimated     contribution
                                                                 Discretionary money value of   to a retirement
                                               Fees     Salary       bonuses    other benefits benefit scheme        Total
     Name                                   RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


     Executive directors:
     Zhu Yanfeng
       (retired on 2 November 2023)               –        60            480              16                19        575
     Yang Qing                                    –       240            655              68                77       1,040
     You Zheng                                    –       259            499              67                84        909


                                                  –       559           1,634            151               180       2,524


     Non-executive directors:
     Huang Wei (resigned on 17 May 2023)          –        66             74              16                19        175


                                                  –        66             74              16                19        175


     Independent non-executive directors:
     Leung Wai Lap, Philip                      177          –              –               –                –        177
     Zong Qingsheng                             100          –              –               –                –        100
     Hu Yiguang                                 173          –              –               –                –        173


                                                450          –              –               –                –        450


                                                450       625           1,708            167               199       3,149


     Supervisors:
     He Wei (Supervisor Chairman)                 –       430           1,042             68                77       1,617
     Jin Jun                                      –       324            727              68                77       1,196


                                                  –       754           1,769            136               154       2,813




                                                                                                     2023 Annual Report      153
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     8.    DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

           The remuneration of every director and the chief executive is set out below:


           For the year ended 31 December 2022:


                                                                                                                Employer’s
                                                                                       Estimated money    contribution to a
                                                                       Discretionary      value of other retirement benefit
                                                     Fees     Salary       bonuses             benefits            scheme        Total
           Name                                   RMB’000   RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000


           Executive directors:
           Zhu Yanfeng                                  –       234           1,207                 63                  74      1,578
           Yang Qing                                    –       234           1,070                 64                  74      1,442
           You Zheng                                    –       250           1,294                 60                  76      1,680


                                                        –       718           3,571                187                 224      4,700


           Non-executive directors:
           Huang Wei                                    –       254           1,088                 61                  74      1,477


                                                        –       254           1,088                 61                  74      1,477


           Independent non-executive directors:
           Leung Wai Lap, Philip                      184         –               –                   –                  –        184
           Zong Qingsheng                             120         –               –                   –                  –        120
           Hu Yiguang                                 182         –               –                   –                  –        182


                                                      486         –               –                   –                  –        486


                                                      486       972           4,659                248                 298      6,663


           Supervisors:
           He Wei (Supervisor Chairman)                 –       429           1,716                 63                  74      2,282
           Jin Jun                                      –       318             963                 63                  74      1,418


                                                        –       747           2,679                126                 148      3,700




154 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                            Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




8.   DIRECTORS’ AND SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

     No retirement benefits or termination benefits were paid to directors or supervisors during the year ended
     31 December 2023. No considerations were provided to third parties for making available directors’ services
     (2022: same).


     During the year, no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings were entered into by the Company in favor of directors
     or supervisors (2022: same).


     No significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in relation to the Group’s business to which the
     Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or
     indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.


9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

     The five highest paid employees during the year did not include directors (2022: nil directors), details of whose
     remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the five (2022: five)
     highest paid employees who are neither a director nor a supervisor of the Company are as follows:


                                                                                           2023                 2022
                                                                                      RMB’000               RMB’000


     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                            3,115                 3,120
     Bonuses                                                                              7,858               10,572
     Pension scheme contributions                                                           858                   992


                                                                                         11,831               14,684


     The number of these non-director and non-supervisor, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within
     the following bands is as follows:


                                                                                     Number of employees

                                                                                           2023                 2022


     RMB2,000,001–RMB2,500,000                                                                 4                    –
     RMB2,500,001–RMB3,000,000                                                                 –                    3
     RMB3,000,001–RMB3,500,000                                                                 1                    2
     RMB3,500,001–RMB4,000,000                                                                 –                    –


                                                                                               5                    5



                                                                                                2023 Annual Report       155
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     10. NET IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON FINANCIAL ASSETS

                                                                                                  2023                 2022
                                                                                          RMB million           RMB million


           (Reversal of impairment)/impairment losses of trade receivables                         (164)                  96
           Impairment losses of other receivables                                                   105                  105
           Impairment losses of loans and receivables from financing services                     1,053                  993
           Others                                                                                    81                   15


                                                                                                  1,075                1,209


     11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX

                                                                                                  2023                 2022
                                                                                          RMB million           RMB million


           Current income tax                                                                     1,435                  965
           Deferred income tax                                                                   (1,007)              (1,894)


           Income tax expense/(credit) for the year                                                 428                 (929)


           (a)      Corporate income tax

                    Under the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law and the respective regulations, the corporate income tax
                    for the Company and its subsidiaries is calculated at a statutory rates 25% or a preferential rate of 15%
                    where applicable, on their estimated assessable profits for the year based on the existing legislations,
                    interpretations and practices in respect thereof.

           (b)      Hong Kong profits tax

                    No provision for Hong Kong profits tax (tax rate: 16.5%) has been made as the Group had no assessable
                    profits arising in Hong Kong during the year.


           (c)      Deferred income tax

                    Deferred tax assets are mainly recognized in respect of temporary differences relating to certain future
                    deductible expenses for the purpose of corporate income tax.


                    According to IAS 12 Income Taxes, deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that
                    are expected to apply to the period when the assets are realized or the liabilities are settled.




156 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

   A reconciliation of the income tax expense applicable to profit before income tax at the statutory corporate
   income tax rate in the PRC in which the Group is domiciled to the income tax expense at the Group’s effective
   income tax rate, and a reconciliation of the applicable rate (i.e., the statutory corporate income tax rate) to the
   effective income tax rate, are as follows:


                                                                                         2023                   2022
                                                                                RMB million              RMB million


   (Loss)/profit before income tax                                                      (6,385)                8,384


   At the PRC statutory corporate income tax rate of 25% (2022: 25%)                    (1,596)                2,096
   Tax concessions and lower tax rates for specific provinces
     or locations                                                                          497                    246
   Share of profits and losses of joint ventures and associates                           (319)                (3,256)
   Expenses not deductible for corporate income tax                                         26                     35
   Tax losses not recognized                                                            1,922                     854
   Others                                                                                 (102)                  (904)


   Income tax expense/(credit) at the Group’s effective income
    tax rate                                                                               428                   (929)




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report     157
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

           The Group’s deferred tax is analyzed as follows:


                                                                                                                         Consolidated income
                                                                                 Consolidated statement                statement and statement
                                                                                   of financial position             of comprehensive income Year
                                                                                    As at 31 December                    ended 31 December
                                                                                       2023                 2022             2023              2022
                                                                                RMB million       RMB million         RMB million      RMB million


           Deferred tax assets:
              Assets impairment                                                       1,859                1,550             (309)               (55)
              Accrued expenses                                                          681                  588               (93)            (120)
              Warranty provisions                                                       217                  282               65                (68)
              Wages payable                                                              90                  126               36                (22)
              Tax losses deductible for carry-forwards in subsequent years            1,477                1,486                 9          (1,204)
              Interest received in advance                                              467                  455               (12)             269
              Others                                                                    291                  340               49              (126)


           Gross deferred tax assets                                                  5,082                4,827             (255)          (1,326)


           Deferred tax liabilities:
              Fair value adjustments arising from acquisition of subsidiaries          (321)                (218)             103                (54)
              Reallocation subsidy received from government                             (39)                  (47)              (8)               (8)
              Changes in the fair value of financial assets at fair value
                 through other comprehensive income                                    (555)                 154              709              (567)
             Fair value gain on equity investment                                      (776)               (1,510)             (78)            (545)


           Gross deferred tax liabilities                                            (1,691)               (1,621)            726           (1,174)


           Represented by:
           Deferred tax credited to consolidated income statement                                                           (1,007)         (1,894)
           Deferred tax credited to consolidated other
              comprehensive income                                                                                          1,478              (606)


                                                                                                                              471           (2,500)




158 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




11. INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

   Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are analysed as follows：


                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                       2023              2022
                                                                               RMB million         RMB million


   Deferred tax assets：
     Deferred tax assets to be recovered over 12 months                               2,748             2,424
     Deferred tax assets to be recovered within 12 months                             2,334             2,403


                                                                                      5,082             4,827


   Deferred tax liabilities：
     Deferred tax liabilities to be settled over 12 months                               (77)              (10)
     Deferred tax liabilities to be settled within 12 months                          (1,614)           (1,611)


                                                                                      (1,691)           (1,621)


                                                                                      3,391             3,206




                                                                                           2023 Annual Report     159
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     12. DIVIDEND

                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                          RMB million            RMB million


           Proposed final – Nil (2022: RMB0.30 per ordinary share)                                      –               2,577


           The board of directors does not recommend the payment of any dividend for the year ended 31 December
           2023 (year ended 31 December 2022: 2,577 million).


           Resolution for distribution of a final dividend of RMB2,560 million (RMB0.3 per share) based on the annual net
           profit for 2022 attributable to shareholders was approved by the shareholders of the Company at the annual
           general meeting held on 20 June 2023, and was paid in August 2023 to shareholders.


           In accordance with the articles of association of the Company, the net profit after income tax of the
           Company for the purpose of profit distribution will be deemed to be the lesser of (i) the net profit determined
           in accordance with Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises (“PRC GAAP”) and (ii) the net profit
           determined in accordance with IFRSs. Under the PRC Company Law and the Company’s articles of association,
           the net profit after tax can only be distributed as dividends after an allowance has been made for the following:


           (i)     Making up prior years’ cumulative losses, if any.


           (ii)    Allocations to the statutory surplus reserves of at least 10% of after-tax profit, until the reserve reaches
                   50% of the Company’s share capital in aggregate. For the purpose of calculating the transfer to the
                   reserve, the profit after tax shall be the amount determined under PRC GAAP. The transfer to this
                   reserve must be made before any distribution of dividends to shareholders.


                   The statutory surplus reserves can be used to offset previous years’ losses, if any, and part of the
                   statutory surplus reserves can be capitalized as the Company’s share capital provided that the amount
                   of such reserve remaining after the capitalization shall not be less than 25% of the share capital of the
                   Company.


           (iii)   Allocations to the discretionary common reserve if approved by the shareholders.


                   The abovementioned reserves cannot be used for purposes other than those for which they are created
                   and are not distributable as cash dividends.


                   For dividend distribution purposes, the amounts that the Company’s subsidiaries and joint ventures can
                   legally distribute by way of a dividend are determined by reference to the profits as reflected in their
                   financial statements prepared in accordance with PRC GAAP. These profits may differ from those dealt
                   with in these financial statements, which are prepared in accordance with IFRSs.




160 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




13. (LOSS)/EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE COMPANY

   The calculation of basic earnings per share is based on the profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity
   holders of the Company, and the weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year.


   The calculation of basic (loss)/earnings per share is based on:


                                                                                          2023                2022
                                                                                   RMB million         RMB million


   Earnings:
   (Loss)/profit for the year attributable to ordinary equity holders of the
     Company                                                                             (3,996)            10,265


                                                                                       Number of shares
                                                                                        million              million


   Shares:
   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year                    8,513               8,616


   (Loss)/Earnings per share                                                      (46.94) cents       119.14 cents


   The Group had no potentially dilutive ordinary shares in issue during these years, so the diluted (loss)/earnings
   per share equals the basic (loss)/earnings per share.




                                                                                               2023 Annual Report      161
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                                          Construction
                                                                        Buildings        Equipment          in progress              Total
                                                     Note            RMB million        RMB million        RMB million        RMB million


           At 31 December 2022 and
                 1 January 2023:


                 Cost                                                     10,093             30,202              2,923             43,218
                 Accumulated depreciation
                   and impairment                                          (3,344)           (18,201)                (1)           (21,546)


                 Net carrying amount                                       6,749             12,001              2,922             21,672



           At 1 January 2023, net of
                 accumulated depreciation and
                 impairment                                                6,749             12,001              2,922             21,672
                 Additions                                                   770              5,140                803              6,713
                 Disposals                                                  (185)               (168)                 –               (353)
                 Transfer to investment properties                          (143)                  –                  –               (143)
                 Impairment                            (a)                    (25)              (169)                (4)              (198)
                 Depreciation during the year                               (360)             (2,854)                 –             (3,214)


           At 31 December 2023, net of
                 accumulated depreciation
                 and impairment                                            6,806             13,950              3,721             24,477



           At 31 December 2023:
                 Cost                                                     10,535             35,174              3,726             49,435
                 Accumulated depreciation and
                   impairment                                              (3,729)           (21,224)                (5)           (24,958)


                 Net carrying amount                                       6,806             13,950              3,721             24,477


           (a)          Due to the fierce competition in the domestic automobile market, the sales volume and profit of the Group have
                        declined, certain property, plant and equipment had impairment indicators. As a result, the Group recorded a total
                        impairment provision charge of RMB198 million (2022:RMB82 million) against PP&E assets to the consolidated
                        income statement of the Group for the year.



162 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2023




14. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                                            Construction
                                               Buildings     Equipment       in progress          Total
                                     Note    RMB million    RMB million     RMB million     RMB million


   At 31 December 2021 and
     1 January 2022:


     Cost                                         9,075         25,264            1,895         36,234
     Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                                (2,885)       (14,487)             (11)       (17,383)


     Net carrying amount                          6,190         10,777            1,884         18,851


   At 1 January 2022, net of
     accumulated depreciation and
     impairment                                   6,190         10,777            1,884         18,851
     Additions                                      245          1,306            3,626          5,177
     Acquisition of subsidiaries                  1,096          1,001               95          2,192
     Disposals                                      (275)          (536)               –           (811)
     Disposal of subsidiaries                       (135)          (112)             (49)          (296)
     Reclassification                               379          2,170            (2,549)             –
     Other transfer                                 (459)             –              (84)          (543)
     Impairment                       (a)             (4)           (77)              (1)           (82)
     Depreciation during the year                   (288)        (2,528)               –         (2,816)


   At 31 December 2022, net of
     accumulated depreciation
     and impairment                               6,749         12,001            2,922         21,672


   At 31 December 2022:
     Cost                                        10,093         30,202            2,923         43,218
     Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                                (3,344)       (18,201)              (1)       (21,546)


     Net carrying amount                          6,749         12,001            2,922         21,672




                                                                                   2023 Annual Report      163
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     15. LEASES

                                                                                                2023          2022
                                                                                          RMB million   RMB million


           Leasehold land and land use rights*                                                  4,108        4,183
           Buildings                                                                              635          613
           Equipment and vehicles                                                                   8             3


           Total right-of-use assets                                                            4,751        4,799


           Current lease liabilities                                                              315          300
           Non-current lease liabilities                                                        1,807        1,928


           Total lease liabilities                                                              2,122        2,228


           *       The Group has land lease arrangement with mainland China government.




164 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




15. LEASES (CONTINUED)

   Expenses have been charged to the consolidated statement of comprehensive income as follows:


   The income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:


                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                   RMB million            RMB million


   Leasehold land and land use rights                                                        168                 145
   Buildings                                                                                 259                 207
   Equipment and vehicles                                                                       4                   1


   Total depreciation of right-of-use assets (Note 6)                                        431                 353


   Interest expense (Note 7)                                                                 111                 115
   Expense relating to short-term leases                                                     234                 179
   Expense relating to leases of low-value assets                                              72                 55

   The total cash outflow for leases in 2023 was RMB721 million (2022: RMB555 million).


   Included in the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are the following balances with related parties:


                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                   RMB million            RMB million


   Lease liabilities:
    – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures                                 1,423                1,570




                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report     165
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                          Research and
                                      Patents and         Customer        development
                                           licenses    relationships             costs         Others           Total
                                      RMB million      RMB million         RMB million    RMB million    RMB million


           For the year ended 31
             December 2023


           Cost:
           At 1 January 2023                 7,759            1,388              3,815          2,263          15,225
             Additions                         474                    –          2,837            400           3,711
             Reclassification                2,892                    –         (2,900)             8               –
             Disposals                          (25)                  –           (178)           (37)           (240)


           At 31 December 2023              11,100            1,388              3,574          2,634          18,696


           Accumulated
             amortization:
           At 1 January 2023                 3,904              749                  –          1,387           6,040
             Amortization                    1,158               84                  –            224           1,466
             Disposals                           (4)                  –              –            (33)            (37)


           At 31 December 2023               5,058              833                  –          1,578           7,469


           Impairment:
           At 1 January 2023                   618                    –              –             14             632
             Additions                         119                    –              –              1             120


           At 31 December 2023                 737                    –              –             15             752


           Net carrying amount:
           At 1 January 2023                 3,237              639              3,815            862           8,553


           At 31 December 2023               5,305              555              3,574          1,041          10,475


           Due to the fierce competition in the domestic automobile market, the sales volume and profit of the Group
           have declined, certain intangible assets had impairment indicators. As a result, the Group recorded a total
           impairment provision charge of RMB120 million (2022: RMB75 million) against intangible assets to the
           consolidated income statement of the Group for the year.


166 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




16. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                             Research and
                              Patents and      Customer      development
                                 licenses    relationships          costs         Others           Total
                              RMB million    RMB million      RMB million    RMB million     RMB million


   For the year ended 31
     December 2022


   Cost:
   At 1 January 2022               6,431            1,336           1,665          1,955         11,387
     Additions                        12                –           3,685            272          3,969
     Acquisition of
     subsidiaries                    258               52               –            113            423
     Reclassification              1,371                –          (1,371)             –               –
     Disposal of
     subsidiaries                    (313)              –            (164)           (77)           (554)


   At 31 December 2022             7,759            1,388           3,815          2,263         15,225



   Accumulated
     amortization:
   At 1 January 2022               3,106              669               –          1,211          4,986
     Amortization                    908               80               –            206          1,194
     Disposal of subsidiary          (110)              –               –            (30)           (140)


   At 31 December 2022             3,904              749               –          1,387          6,040


   Impairment:
   At 1 January 2022                 545                –               –             12            557
     Additions                        73                –               –              2             75


   At 31 December 2022               618                –               –             14            632


   Net carrying amount:
   At 1 January 2022               2,780              667           1,665            732          5,844



   At 31 December 2022             3,237              639           3,815            862          8,553



                                                                                     2023 Annual Report     167
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     17. GOODWILL

                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                     RMB million         RMB million


           Cost:
           At 1 January                                                                    3,169              1,747
           Additions                                                                           –              1,634
           Disposal                                                                            –                (212)


           At 31 December                                                                  3,169              3,169


           Impairment:
           At 1 January and at 31 December                                                    14                 14


           Net carrying amount:
           At 1 January                                                                    3,155              1,733


           At 31 December                                                                  3,155              3,155


           The recoverable amounts of the cash-generating units, to which the goodwill is allocated, have been
           determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections based on a financial budgets
           covering a five-year period.


           Main assumptions using cash flow projections for CGU with goodwill are:


                                                                                                               2023


           Long-term growth rate                                                                               2.3%
           Projected sales growth rates                                                               -7.3%-44%
           Discount rate after tax                                                                        14%-15%




168 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                    Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




18. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

   Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 December 2023 were as follows:


                                                                         Percentage of equity
                                    Place of                             interest attributable
                                    establishment        Paid-up and       to the Company
   Name                             and business    registered capital     Direct        Indirect    Principal activities


   Dongfeng Commercial              PRC             RMB9,200,000,000        55.00                –   Manufacturing and sales of
     Vehicles Co., Ltd. (“DFCV”)                                                                       commercial vehicles
   Dongfeng Liuzhou Motor           PRC             RMB1,224,700,000        75.00                –   Manufacturing and sale of
     Co., Ltd. (“Dongfeng Liuqi”)                                                                      automobiles, automotive parts
                                                                                                       and components
   Dongfeng Motor Finance           PRC             RMB9,000,000,000       100.00                –   Provision of finance services
     Co., Ltd.
   China Dongfeng Motor             PRC              RMB200,000,000         95.00                –   Marketing and sale of automobiles
     Industry Import and
     Export Co., Ltd.
   Dongfeng Changxing               PRC             RMB3,456,816,200        99.02                –   Manufacturing and sale of electric
     Technology Co., Ltd.                                                                              vehicles, parts and components
   Zhixin Technology Co., Ltd.      PRC             RMB2,667,430,000        93.31                –   Manufacturing and sale of electric
                                                                                                       vehicles, parts and components
   Dongfeng Special Commercial PRC                   RMB343,314,200         75.08                –   Manufacturing and sale of special
     Vehicle Co., Ltd.                                                                                 commercial vehicles, parts and
                                                                                                       components
   Dongfeng Peugeot Citroën         PRC              RMB100,000,000         50.00                –   Marketing and sale of automobiles
     Automobile Sales Co., Ltd.
     (“DPCS”)
   Dongfeng Motor Investment        PRC               RMB10,000,000        100.00                –   Provide investment and advisory
     (Wuhan) Co., Ltd.                                                                                 services
   Dongfeng Nengdi (Hangzhou) PRC                    RMB359,900,700         59.72           40.28    Manufacture and sale of
     Motor Co., Ltd.                                                                                   automotive parts and
                                                                                                       components
   Dongfeng Automobile Trade        PRC              RMB220,000,000        100.00                –   Marketing and sale of automobiles
     Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                            2023 Annual Report            169
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     18. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

           Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 December 2023 were as follows (continued):


                                                                               Percentage of equity
                                          Place of                             interest attributable
                                          establishment        Paid-up and       to the Company
           Name                           and business    registered capital     Direct        Indirect    Principal activities


           Dongfeng Motor (Wuhan) Co., PRC                RMB4,706,303,400       100.00                –   Manufacturing and sale of
             Ltd. (originally “Dongfeng                                                                      automobiles, automotive parts
             Renault Automotive Co.,                                                                         and components
             Ltd.”)
           Dongfeng Zhuolian Automobile PRC                RMB161,000,000        100.00                –   Sales of auto parts, car
             Service Co., Ltd.                                                                               maintenance and repair services,
                                                                                                             etc
           VOYAH Automobile               PRC             RMB3,085,444,090        78.88                –   Automotive technology
             Technology Company Ltd.                                                                         development and service,
                                                                                                             production and sales of
                                                                                                             automobiles and auto parts, etc
           Dongfeng USharing              PRC             RMB1,000,000,000        70.00                –   Manufacture and sale of auto parts
             Technology Co.,Ltd.
           DongFeng Automobile Co.,       PRC             RMB2,000,000,000        55.00                –   Manufacturing and sales of
             Ltd.                                                                                            commercial vehicles
           Dongfeng Auto Finance          PRC             RMB4,000,000,000       100.00                –   Provision of finance services
             Co.,Ltd.
           Nandou Liuxing System          PRC              RMB100,000,000         75.87                –   Automotive information technology
             Integration Co., Ltd.                                                                           development and system
                                                                                                             integration
           Dongfeng Passenger Vehicle     PRC             RMB1,800,000,000       100.00                –   Production and sales of new
             Sales Co., Ltd.                                                                                 energy vehicles and auto parts
           Mengshi Automobile Sales       PRC              RMB100,000,000        100.00                –   Manufacturing and sale of
             Service Co., Ltd.                                                                               automobiles, automotive parts
                                                                                                             and components

           The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected
           the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other
           subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




170 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023




18. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

   Summarized financial information on subsidiaries with non-controlling interests:

   There are subsidiaries with individually material non-controlling interests within the Group. The summarized
   financial information for these subsidiaries are set out below:


   Summarized statement of financial position


                                                                     31 December 2023
                                      Current Non-current              Total      Current Non-current                  Total
                                       assets        assets           assets     liabilities      liabilities      liabilities
                                 RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million


   DFCV                                26,339        11,214           37,553        26,545            2,181           28,726
   Dongfeng Liuqi                      10,785          5,180          15,965        10,381              517           10,898
   DPCS                                 1,005             41           1,046         9,333              119            9,452

                                                                     31 December 2022
                                       Current   Non-current           Total       Current      Non-current             Total
                                        assets        assets          assets      liabilities      liabilities      liabilities
                                  RMB million    RMB million   RMB million     RMB million      RMB million      RMB million


   DFCV                                20,521        12,617           33,138        18,626            2,392           21,018
   Dongfeng Liuqi                      12,669          4,636          17,305        10,476              712           11,188
   DPCS                                 1,112              1           1,113         8,078              186            8,264




                                                                                                    2023 Annual Report            171
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     18. INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (CONTINUED)

           Summarized financial information on subsidiaries with non-controlling interests
           (continued):

           Summarized statement of comprehensive income


                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                                               Total     Net cash flows
                                                                                     comprehensive       from/(used in)
                                                                        Loss for            loss for          operating
                                                   Revenue              the year           the year           activities
                                                RMB million        RMB million         RMB million         RMB million


           DFCV                                      27,326               (3,287)             (3,251)             4,265
           Dongfeng Liuqi                            14,304               (1,040)             (1,049)              (574)
           DPCS                                       6,523               (1,256)             (1,256)              (118)

                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2022
                                                                                               Total      Net cash flows
                                                                                      comprehensive        from/(used in)
                                                                     Profit/(Loss)       loss/(profit)         operating
                                                    Revenue          for the year        for the year          activities
                                                 RMB million         RMB million        RMB million         RMB million


           DFCV                                      22,266               (1,175)             (1,183)            (3,474)
           Dongfeng Liuqi                            16,813                 (622)               (608)            (5,122)
           DPCS                                       9,723                 (305)               (305)                 22




172 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

   The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                               RMB million          RMB million


   Joint ventures, at carrying value                                                 38,814             40,880


   The movements in investments in joint ventures are as follows:


                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                               RMB million          RMB million


   At 1 January                                                                      40,880             41,986
   New Investments                                                                         3             1,755
   Share of profits                                                                     513             11,884
   Other comprehensive income                                                              2                (24)
   Other changes in equity                                                                 3                 23
   Decreased this year                                                                     –             (1,309)
   Dividends from joint ventures                                                      (2,587)           (13,435)


   At 31 December                                                                    38,814             40,880




                                                                                            2023 Annual Report     173
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

           Particulars of the principal joint ventures of the Group as at 31 December 2023 were as follows:


                                                                                      Percentage of
                                                 Place of                  Paid-up equity interest
                                                 establishment          Registered attributable to
           Name                                  and business               capital   the Company     Principal activities


           Dongfeng Motor Co., Ltd. (“DFL”)      PRC             RMB16,700,000,000            50.00   Manufacture and sale of automotive
                                                                                                        parts and components


           Dongfeng Peugeot Citroën Automobile   PRC              RMB7,000,000,000            50.00   Manufacture and sale of automotive
             Co., Ltd. (“DPCA”)                                                                         parts and components


           Dongfeng Honda Automobile Co., Ltd.   PRC              USD1,448,000,000            50.00   Manufacture and sale of automotive
             (“DHAC”)                                                                                   parts and components


           Dongfeng Honda Engine Co., Ltd.       PRC               USD121,583,517             50.00   Manufacture and sale of automotive
                                                                                                        parts and components


           Dongfeng Honda Auto Parts Co., Ltd.   PRC                USD62,500,000             44.00   Manufacture and sale of automotive
                                                                                                        parts and components


           eGT New Energy Automotive Co., Ltd.   PRC               RMB140,000,000             50.00   Manufacture and sale of automotive
                                                                                                        parts and components




174 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                 Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

   The financial information of material joint ventures

   The following tables illustrate the financial information of the material joint ventures including DFL, DPCA and
   DHAC, adjusted for differences in accounting policies between the Group and the joint ventures, and before
   equity method was applied to account for the Group’s share of those amounts.


   (i)   Statement of financial position of material joint ventures


                                                               DFL                       DPCA                        DHAC
                                                           31 December                31 December                 31 December
                                                            2023          2022        2023           2022         2023           2022
                                                     RMB million    RMB million RMB million    RMB million RMB Million     RMB million


         Cash and cash in bank                            44,040        24,273          440         1,698       11,893         16,953
         Other current assets                             28,317        47,651        8,661         9,520       24,415         21,937
          Total current assets                            72,357        71,924        9,101        11,218       36,308         38,890
          Total non-current assets                        40,943        40,646        6,982         8,310       18,043         14,245
          Total assets                                   113,300       112,570       16,083        19,528       54,351         53,135


         Current financial liabilities (excluding
             trade payables)                              (1,585)        (1,272)     (4,459)        (4,322)           –              –
          Other current liabilities (including
             trade payables)                             (51,936)      (46,026)      (4,770)        (7,456)     (35,895)       (34,949)
          Provisions                                        (876)        (1,091)       (102)         (112)         (318)          (390)
          Total current liabilities                      (53,521)      (47,298)      (9,229)      (11,778)      (35,895)       (34,949)
          Non-current financial
             liabilities(excluding account
             payable)                                       (176)         (375)         (37)         (240)            –              –
          Other non-current liabilities (including
             account payable)                             (8,679)      (11,045)      (2,561)        (2,000)      (1,807)        (1,768)
          Provisions                                      (1,406)        (1,402)       (410)         (645)         (394)          (393)
          Total non-current liabilities                   (8,855)      (11,420)      (2,598)        (2,240)      (1,807)        (1,768)
          Total liabilities                              (62,376)      (58,718)     (11,827)      (14,018)      (37,702)       (36,717)
          Non-controlling interests                       (5,657)        (6,729)          –              –            –              –


         Net assets                                       45,267        47,123        4,256         5,510       16,649         16,418




                                                                                                              2023 Annual Report          175
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

           The financial information of material joint ventures (Continued)

           (ii)   Statement of comprehensive income of material joint ventures


                                                              DFL                       DPCA                       DHAC
                                                           2023         2022         2023          2022         2023           2022
                                                    RMB million    RMB million RMB Million    RMB million RMB million    RMB million


                  Revenue                                90,140       127,172        8,371        13,684       88,457       100,267
                  Depreciation and amortization          (4,645)       (5,427)      (1,136)       (1,189)      (1,503)        (1,503)
                  Interest income                         1,084         1,722           11             9          116           405
                  Interest expenses                        (178)         (148)        (206)         (259)           –              –
                  Profit/(loss) before income tax           597        14,710       (1,253)         (305)       1,675        13,562
                  Income tax expenses                      (202)       (3,913)           –             –          349         (2,910)


                  Profit/(loss) after tax                   394        10,797       (1,253)         (305)       1,326        10,652
                  Non-controlling interests                (309)       (1,034)           –             –            –              –
                  Other comprehensive income                 53           (46)           –             –            –              –


                  Total comprehensive income                447        10,751       (1,253)         (305)       1,326        10,652


                  Dividend received                       1,667         7,371            –             –          522         4,351




176 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                 Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

   Reconciliation of financial information

   The following table illustrates the reconciliation of share of net assets to carrying amounts of material joint
   ventures:


                                                          DFL                       DPCA                        DHAC
                                                       2023         2022         2023           2022         2023           2022
                                                RMB million    RMB Million RMB million     RMB million RMB million    RMB million


   Opening net assets at 1 January                   47,123        52,106        5,510          5,815       16,418        14,468
   Profit after tax                                     394        10,797       (1,253)          (305)       1,326        10,652
   Other comprehensive income                            53           (46)           –              –            –              –
   Dividend                                          (3,334)      (14,742)           –              –       (1,044)        (8,702)
   Non-controlling interests                           (262)       (1,034)           –              –            –              –
   Other equity movement                                  –            42            –              –          (51)             –
   Closing net assets at 31 December                 43,974        47,123        4,257          5,510       16,649        16,418
   Interest in joint ventures (50%)                  21,987        23,561        2,128          2,755        8,324         8,209
   Goodwill                                               –             –            –              –            –              –


   Carrying amount of investments in material
     joint ventures                                  21,987        23,561        2,128          2,755        8,324         8,209




                                                                                                          2023 Annual Report         177
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     19. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

           Reconciliation of financial information (Continued)

           The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not
           individually material:


                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                       RMB million           RMB million


           Share of joint ventures’ results
           Profit after tax                                                                     469                1,829
           Other comprehensive income                                                              2                   (1)


           Total comprehensive income                                                           471                1,828


           Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
             in the joint ventures                                                            6,375                6,355




178 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                              Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2023




20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

   The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:


                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                             2023                      2022
                                                                                   RMB million                RMB million


   Associates, at carrying value                                                            16,612                    15,714


   Particulars of the principal associates as at 31 December 2023 were as follows:


                                                                             Percentage
                                                                            of ownership
                                                            Place of             interest
                                                            establishment    attributable
   Name                                                     and business    to the Group       Principal activities



   Dongfeng Nissan Auto Finance Co., Ltd. #                 PRC                   49.50%       Provision of finance services
   Nanjing Linghang Equity Investment Partnership           PRC                   16.84%       Equity investment
   Nanjing Linghang Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd   PRC                   15.00%       Equity investment

   #
           Sino-foreign equity joint venture


   The above table lists the associates of the Group which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected
   the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other
   associates would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.


   The amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement are as follows:


                                                                                             2023                      2022
                                                                                   RMB million                RMB million


   Associates-Share of profits                                                                807                        862




                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report          179
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     20. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

           The movements in investments in associates are as follows:


                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                        Note    RMB million         RMB million


           1 January                                                                 15,714             14,528
           Increase in investment                                                       188              1,037
           Share of profits                                                             807                862
           Other changes in equity                                                        –                 (18)
           Decreased this year                                                            –                (509)
           Classified as financial assets at fair value through other
             comprehensive income                                                         –                   –
           Dividends from associates                                                    (97)                (85)
           Others                                                                         –                (101)


           31 December                                                               16,612             15,714


     21. OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS

                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                        Note    RMB million         RMB million


           Loans and receivables from financing services                25(a)        29,275             28,215
           Mandatory reserve deposits with the People’s Bank of
             China (the “PBOC”)                                                       4,624              5,006
           Others                                                                     1,464              1,129


                                                                                     35,363             34,350




180 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




22. INVENTORIES

                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                               RMB million            RMB million


   Raw materials                                                                       2,128                3,256
   Work in progress                                                                    1,008                  934
   Finished goods                                                                     11,098                8,942


                                                                                      14,234              13,132


23. TRADE RECEIVABLES

   Sales of the Group’s commercial and passenger vehicles are normally settled on an advance receipt basis,
   whereby the dealers are required to pay in advance either in cash or by bank acceptance drafts. However, in
   the case of long-standing customers with bulk purchases and a good repayment history, the Group may offer
   these customers credit terms that are generally between 30 and 180 days. For sales of engines and other
   automotive parts, the Group generally offers its customers credit terms that are generally between 30 and 180
   days. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.


   An aging analysis of the trade receivables, net of provision for impairment, of the Group, based on the invoice
   date, is as follows:


                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                               RMB million            RMB million


   Within three months                                                                 2,566                4,839
   More than three months but within one year                                          2,453                2,483
   More than one year                                                                  3,536                3,076


                                                                                       8,555              10,398




                                                                                            2023 Annual Report       181
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     23. TRADE RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

           Fair values of trade receivables

           Due to the short-term nature of the current receivables, their carrying amount is considered to be the same as
           their fair value.


           Impairment and risk exposure

           The Group applies the IFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
           expected loss allowance for all trade receivables and contract assets. In the current year, a release in the
           allowance by RMB164 million was resulted. Note 41(c) provides details about the calculation of the allowance.


           Included in the trade receivables are the following balances with related parties:


                                                                                                31 December
                                                                                                2023                2022
                                                                                         RMB million          RMB million


           Non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary and their subsidiaries                   101                 114
           DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures                                   70                  66
           Associates                                                                              5                   –


                                                                                                 176                 180




182 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




24. BILLS RECEIVABLE

   The bills receivables of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                RMB million         RMB million


   Bank acceptance                                                                    7,272              4,922
   Trade acceptance                                                                      32                389


                                                                                      7,304              5,311


25. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                  Note          RMB million         RMB million


   Prepayments                                                                        1,700              1,784
   Deposits and other receivables                                                     5,402              3,655
   Loans and receivables from financing services                    (a)              30,861             45,337


                                                                                     37,963             50,776


   Fair values of other receivables

   Due to the short-term nature of the prepayments, deposits and other receivables, their carrying amount is
   considered to be the same as their fair value.


   Impairment and risk exposure

   The Group applies the general approach under IFRS 9, which use three stage classification approach based
   on the different degree of credit risk to determine the use of 12-month expected credit losses or lifetime
   expected credit loss to calculate the loss allowance for bills receivable, deposits and other receivables,
   restricted fixed term deposits within one year and loans and receivables from financing service. Note 41(c)
   provides for details about the calculation of the impairment and risk exposure.




                                                                                           2023 Annual Report     183
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     25. PREPAYMENTS, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES(CONTINUED)

           Impairment and risk exposure (Continued)

           (a)   The loans and receivables from financing services are analyzed as follows:


                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2023                2022
                                                                                    RMB million             RMB million


                 Gross loans and receivables from financing services                          62,420             76,982
                 Less: impairment allowances                                                  (2,284)            (3,430)


                                                                                              60,136             73,552


                 Less: current portion                                                    (30,861)              (45,337)


                 Non-current portion                                                          29,275             28,215


                 Included in the prepayments, deposits and other receivables are the following balances with related
                 parties:


                                                                                                31 December
                                                                                                2023                2022
                                                                                      RMB million             RMB million


                 DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures                              88                993
                 Non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary and their
                   subsidiaries                                                                    85                171


                                                                                                  173              1,164


                 The above balances are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.




184 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                              Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




26. BALANCES WITH JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                   2023                   2022
                                                                          Notes           RMB million               RMB million


   Due from joint ventures
         Dividends receivable from joint ventures                                                    573                 5,514
         Others                                                             (a)                      510                 4,012
         Interest-bearing loans to joint ventures                                                       –                  915
         Trade receivables                                                 41(c)                     197                   426


                                                                                                   1,280                10,867


   Less: Current portion                                                                          (1,280)               (10,867)


   Non-Current portion                                                                                  –                     –


   Due to joint ventures
         Cash deposits in DFF                                               (b)                  13,220                 26,874
         Others                                                             (a)                    7,293                 9,160


                                                                                                 20,513                 36,034


   Less: Current portion                                                                        (20,513)                (36,034)


   Non-Current portion                                                                                  –                     –


   (a)       Others due from/to joint ventures are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.


   (b)       Cash deposits placed by joint ventures in DFF, a subsidiary of the Company involved in the provision of financing
             services, bear interest at the prevailing savings interest rate published by the PBOC.




                                                                                                         2023 Annual Report        185
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     27. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE
         INCOME

                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                         2023                   2022
                                                                                                RMB million             RMB million


           Non-current:
                 Listed equity investments at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income
                   – Stellantis N.V. (“Stellantis”) (i)                                                  8,182                 9,774
                   – Faurecia                                                                              623                   407
                 Unlisted equity investments at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income                                                                    192                   203


                                                                                                         8,997                10,384


           Current:
                 Unlisted debt instruments at fair value through other
                   comprehensive income                                                                  9,248                 6,777


                                                                                                       18,245                 17,161


           (i)       In 2023, the Group disposed of 50 million shares of Stellantis. As of 31 December 2023, the Group held 49,223,907
                     shares in Stellantis.




186 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




28. CASH AND CASH IN BANK AND PLEDGED BANK BALANCES AND TIME
    DEPOSITS

                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                      2023                  2022
                                                                              RMB million          RMB million


   Cash and bank balances                                                           58,912                 53,391
   Time deposits                                                                    24,544                 16,609


                                                                                    83,456                 70,000


   Less: Pledged bank balances and time deposits mainly
          as collaterals for issuance of bank acceptance bills                      (4,159)                (1,954)


   Cash and cash in bank as stated in the consolidated
     statement of financial position                                                79,297                 68,046


   Less: Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of three
           months or more when acquired                                             (6,902)                (2,802)


   Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
     statement of cash flows                                                        72,395                 65,244


   The RMB is not freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Chinese Mainland’s Foreign
   Exchange Control Regulations and Administration of Settlement, and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange
   Regulations, the Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to
   conduct foreign exchange business.


   Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Short term time deposits
   are made for varying periods of between one day and three months depending on the immediate cash
   requirements of the Group, and earn interest at the respective short term time deposit rates. The bank
   balances and pledged deposits are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. The
   carrying amounts of the cash and cash in bank and the pledged deposits approximate their fair values.




                                                                                           2023 Annual Report        187
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     29. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                       RMB million         RMB million


           Current
           Structural deposits                                                              14,899              14,058
           Equity securities                                                                 1,669               1,685


                                                                                            16,568              15,743


     30. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                             2023                 2022
                                                                                       RMB million         RMB million


           Registered, issued and fully paid:
             – 5,760,388,000 (2022: 5,760,388,000)
                Domestic Shares of RMB1.00 each                                              5,760               5,760
             – 2,541,864,000 (2022: 2,855,732,000)
                H shares of RMB1.00 each                                                     2,542               2,856


                                                                                             8,302               8,616


                                                                               31 December
                                                               2022                                               2023
                                                        RMB million         Increase        Decrease     RMB million


           Treasury Shares                                       93              963             (978)              78


           On 20 June 2023, the Company held the shareholder meeting and passed the proposal of the Repurchase
           of the Company’s Outstanding Shares, and agreed that the Company to repurchase H shares, with the
           cumulative number of repurchased shares not exceeding 10% of the total share capital of the issued H shares,
           and repurchased shares will be cancelled. Up to 31 December 2023, the Company has repurchased a total of
           336 million shares, accounting for 3.90% of the total share capital of the Company, among which 314 million
           shares had been cancelled. As of 31 December 2023, 22 million repurchased shares was record as treasury
           shares.




188 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                             Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2023




31. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

                                                               31 December
                                              2023                                        2022
                                 Effective                                   Effective
                              interest rate    Maturity RMB million       interest rate     Maturity    RMB million
                                       (%)                                         (%)


   Current
   Bank loans – secured                  –              –           –              4.6           2023           25
   Bank loans – unsecured         2.1–4.85           2024      2,638         2.1–4.85            2023        4,708
   Guaranteed notes                  0.425           2024      5,697            1.606            2023          742
   Unsecured notes                       –              –           –       3.05–4.21            2023        4,000
   Asset-Backed Security              2.60           2024         16                 –              –             –
   Other loans – unsecured       1.75–2.25           2024     22,626        1.75–2.25            2023       18,607


                                                              30,977                                        28,082


   Non-Current
   Bank loans –unsecured         2.20–2.90    2025–2028       26,280         2.1–2.95     2023–2025         16,440
   Guaranteed notes                      –              –           –           0.425            2024        5,380
   Asset-Backed Security                 –              –           –             2.60           2024          524
   Unsecured notes                    3.00           2025      2,000              3.00           2025        2,000


                                                              28,280                                        24,344


                                                              59,257                                        52,426


   Other loans mainly represented cash deposits placed by DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures
   amounting to RMB16,979 million (2022: RMB10,901 million) and other unrelated third parties in DFF, a
   subsidiary of the Group which is involved in the provision of financing services. These loans bear interest at
   the prevailing market rate published by the PBOC.




                                                                                            2023 Annual Report        189
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     31. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

           The Guaranteed notes were issued in the aggregate principal amount of EUR725 million on 20 October 2021
           and were registered in the denomination of EUR100,000 each and to be expired in 3 years. The notes bore
           interest from 19 October 2021 at a rate of 0.425% per annum. Interest on the notes was payable annually on
           19 October each year. The notes had been listed on the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Market.


           The Guaranteed notes were issued in the aggregate principal amount of EUR100 million on 23 October 2018
           and were registered in the denomination of EUR100,000 each and to be expired in 5 years. The notes bore
           interest from 23 October 2018 at a rate of 1.606% per annum. Interest on the notes is payable annually on 23
           October each year. The notes have been listed on the Irish Stock Exchange. The notes had been fully repaid
           in October 2023.


           The Unsecured notes were public issued in amount of RMB3,000 million on 26 February 2020 and were
           offered in the denomination of RMB100 each and to be expired in 3 years. The notes bore interest from
           27 February 2020 at a rate of 3.05% per annum. Interest on the notes is payable annually on 27 February
           each year. The notes have been listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The notes had been fully repaid in
           February 2023.


           The Unsecured notes were public issued in amount of RMB1,000 million on 5 December 2018 and were
           offered in the denomination of RMB100 each and to be expired in 5 years. The notes bore interest from 6
           December 2018 at a rate of 4.21% per annum. Interest on the notes is payable annually on 6 December
           each year. The notes have been listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The notes had been fully repaid in
           December 2023.


           The Asset-Backed Security (ABS) with fixed interest rates were publicly issued in amount of RMB1,127 million
           on 22 April 2022, The ABS bore interest from 22 April 2022 at a rate of 2.60%. Interest on the securities is
           payable monthly on 22th. As of 31 December, 2023, the outstanding principle of the ABS is RMB16 million.


           The Unsecured notes were public issued in amount of RMB2,000 million on 14 March 2022 and were offered
           in the denomination of RMB100 each and to be expired in 3 years. The notes bear interest from 15 March
           2022 at a rate of 3.00% per annum. Interest on the notes is payable annually on 15 March each year. The
           notes are listing on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.




190 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                            Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




31. INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)

   The maturity profiles of the interest-bearing borrowings of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                RMB million              RMB million


   Bank loans repayable:
     Within one year or on demand                                                          2,638              4,733
     One year to two years                                                                 9,040              5,095
     Two years to three years                                                          14,252                11,345
     Over three years                                                                      2,988                   –


                                                                                       28,918                21,173


   Notes repayable and ABS:
     Within one year or on demand                                                          5,713              4,742
     One year to two years                                                                 2,000              5,904
     Two years to three years                                                                  –              2,000


                                                                                           7,713             12,646


   Other loans repayable:
     Within one year or on demand                                                      22,626                18,607


                                                                                       59,257                52,426


   The carrying amounts of the interest-bearing borrowings approximate their fair values.


   The carrying amounts of the Group’s borrowings are denominated in the following currencies:


                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                RMB million              RMB million


   RMB                                                                                 53,560                47,046
   EUR                                                                                     5,697              5,380


                                                                                       59,257                52,426




                                                                                               2023 Annual Report      191
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     32. PROVISIONS

                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                           2023               2022
                                                                                    RMB million         RMB million


           Non-current                                                                    1,942              1,754
           Current                                                                        1,012              1,129


                                                                                          2,954              2,883


           The movements of the Group’s provisions are analyzed as follows:


                                                              Environmental           Warranty
                                                           restoration costs         provisions               Total
                                                                 RMB million         RMB million        RMB million


           At 1 January 2022                                                  35          2,277              2,312
           Changes within the scope of merger                                  –            371                371
           Provisions during the year                                          –            734                734
           Utilized                                                           (4)           (530)              (534)


           At 31 December 2022                                                31          2,852              2,883
           Provisions during the year                                         10            650                660
           Utilized                                                           (8)          (581)              (589)


           At 31 December 2023                                                33          2,921              2,954




192 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                         Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




32. PROVISIONS (CONTINUED)

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s provisions approximate their fair values.


   (a)   Environmental restoration costs

         In accordance with the prevailing regulations in the PRC, the Group is required to restore to the original
         condition of the land on which its production plants are located. The directors have estimated and
         provided for the expected costs of the restoration of the land.


   (b)   Warranty provisions

         The Group provides warranties for certain automotive products and undertakes the obligation to repair
         or replace items that fail to perform satisfactorily. The amount of provisions for product warranties
         is estimated based on the sales volume and past experience of the level of repairs and returns. The
         estimation is reviewed on an ongoing basis and is revised when appropriate.


33. GOVERNMENT GRANTS

   The movements of the government grants related to assets are analyzed as follows:


                                                                                                      RMB million


   At 1 January 2022                                                                                         2,496


   Received during the year                                                                                    372
   Recognised as other income during the year                                                                 (368)
   Changes within the scope of the merger                                                                        (1)


   At 31 December 2022 and 1 January 2023                                                                    2,499




   Received during the year                                                                                     76
   Recognised as other income during the year                                                                 (377)


   At 31 December 2023                                                                                       2,198




                                                                                             2023 Annual Report        193
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     34. TRADE PAYABLES

           An aging analysis of the trade payables of the Group, based on the invoice date, is as follows:


                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB million          RMB million


           Within three months                                                                24,342             17,043
           More than three months but within one year                                           1,892               773
           More than one year                                                                     930               752


                                                                                              27,164             18,568


           Included in the above balances are the following balances with related parties:


                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB million          RMB million


           DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures                                   892               691
           Associates                                                                             181               144


                                                                                                1,073               835


     35. BILLS PAYABLE

           The maturity profile of the bills payable is as follows:


                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                                2023               2022
                                                                                        RMB million          RMB million


           Within one year                                                                    29,292             22,839




194 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




36. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                RMB million           RMB million


   Advances from customers                                                                 36                 21
   Accrued salaries, wages and benefits                                                 2,536              3,111
   Other payables                                                                     15,311              15,036


                                                                                      17,883              18,168


   Included in the other payables and accruals are the following balances with related parties:


                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                        2023                2022
                                                                                RMB million           RMB million


   DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures                                   474                332
   Associates                                                                              38                 18


                                                                                          512                350


   The above balances are unsecured, interest-free and have no fixed terms of repayment.




                                                                                             2023 Annual Report     195
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     37. NET DEBT RECONCILIATION

           This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the periods presented.


                                                                                                31 December
           Net debt                                                                              2023                   2022
                                                                                        RMB million               RMB million



           Cash and cash in bank                                                               79,297                 68,046
           Borrowings – repayable within one year (including overdraft)                        (30,977)               (28,082)
           Borrowings – repayable after one year                                               (28,280)               (24,344)
           Lease liability                                                                      (2,122)                (2,228)


           Net debt                                                                            17,918                 13,392


                                                              Borrowings –     Borrowings –
                                                                 repayable        repayable
                                                                    within            after          Lease
                                                     Cash         one year         one year         liability            Total
                                               RMB million     RMB million      RMB million     RMB million        RMB million


           Net debt as at 1 January 2022           50,270          (28,220)         (16,652)         (2,482)            2,916
           Cash flows                              23,207            7,657          (11,437)              321          19,748
           Changes within the scope
            of the merger                           (5,431)         (2,780)            (525)               25           (8,711)
           Foreign exchange adjustments                  –                49           (168)                 –            (119)
           Other non-cash movements                      –          (4,788)           4,438                (92)           (442)


           Net debt as at 1 January 2023           68,046          (28,082)         (24,344)         (2,228)           13,392
           Cash flows                              11,155            4,777          (11,271)              421           5,082
           Foreign exchange adjustments                96                  –           (337)                 –           (241)
           Other non-cash movements                      –          (7,672)           7,672               (315)          (315)


           Net debt as at 31 December 2023         79,297          (30,977)         (28,280)         (2,122)           17,918




196 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




38. COMMITMENTS

   Capital commitments

   The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                              RMB million          RMB million


   Contracted, but not provided for:
     – Property, plant and equipment                                                      653             901


39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   During the year, in addition to those disclosed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the
   following significant transactions with its related parties:


   (a)    Transactions with DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the Group’s
          joint ventures and associates

                                                                                         2023            2022
                                                                  Note        RMB million          RMB million


          Purchases of automotive parts/raw materials from：        (i)
            – Joint ventures                                                         5,399               8,437
            – Subsidiaries’ joint ventures                                           4,760               1,947
            – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
                 and joint ventures                                                  1,152                835
            – Associates                                                                  647             525


                                                                                    11,958             11,744




                                                                                            2023 Annual Report   197
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

           (a)   Transactions with DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the Group’s
                 joint ventures and associates (Continued)

                                                                                 2023           2022
                                                                    Note   RMB million    RMB million


                 Purchases of automotive from：                       (i)
                   – Joint ventures                                              8,449        13,383
                   – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
                       and joint ventures                                            7              4
                   – Non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries
                       and their fellow subsidiaries                                 4              2
                   – Associates                                                      2              –


                                                                                 8,462        13,389


                 Purchases of items of property, plant
                   and equipment and intangible assets from:         (i)
                   – Joint ventures                                              1,043           969
                   – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
                       and joint ventures                                          289           540
                   – Associates                                                      4              –
                   – Non-controlling shareholders of subsidiaries
                     and their fellow subsidiaries                                  78              –


                                                                                 1,414         1,509


                 Purchases of services from:                         (i)
                   – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
                       and joint ventures                                        1,317         1,417
                   – Joint ventures                                                590           897
                   – Associates                                                     23            30
                   – Non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary
                       and their subsidiaries                                        3              7


                                                                                 1,933         2,351




198 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2023




39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

   (a)   Transactions with DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the Group’s
         joint ventures and associates (Continued)

                                                                              2023               2022
                                                            Note       RMB million         RMB million


         Sales of automotive parts/raw materials to:         (i)
           – Joint ventures                                                   2,658             2,709
           – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
               and joint ventures                                                79               300
           – Associates                                                        110                116
           – Subsidiaries’ joint ventures                                      213                 43
           – Non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary
               and their subsidiaries                                             2                  –


                                                                              3,062             3,168


         Sales of automobiles to：                            (i)
           – Joint ventures                                                    251                311
           – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
               and joint ventures                                                50                82
           – Non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary
               and their subsidiaries                                            22                59
           – Associates                                                          33                  –


                                                                               356                452


         Provisions of services to:                          (i)
           – Joint ventures                                                    230                297
           – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
               and joint ventures                                                59                55
           – Associates                                                          11                  –


                                                                               300                352




                                                                                   2023 Annual Report    199
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

           (a)   Transactions with DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the Group’s
                 joint ventures and associates (Continued)

                                                                                  2023          2022
                                                                     Note   RMB million   RMB million


                 Interest expenses for financing services paid to:    (i)
                   – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
                        and joint ventures                                          235          212
                   – Joint ventures                                                 230          360
                   – Non-controlling shareholders of a subsidiary
                        and their subsidiaries                                        3             7
                   – Subsidiaries’ joint ventures                                     1             1


                                                                                    469          580


                 Interest expenses of lease liabilities paid to:      (i)
                   – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
                        and joint ventures                                           67           81


                 Interest incomes from:                               (i)
                   – Joint ventures                                                  70           50
                   – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
                        and joint ventures                                           31           23


                                                                                    101           73




200 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                             Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2023




39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

   (a)   Transactions with DMC, its subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures, the Group’s
         joint ventures and associates (Continued)

                                                                                              2023                  2022
                                                                        Note         RMB million             RMB million


         Fee and commission incomes from:                                (i)
                – Joint ventures                                                                  7                     8
                – DMC, its subsidiaries, associates
                    and joint ventures                                                            –                     2


                                                                                                  7                    10


         Dispatch Fee from joint ventures:                               (i)                    230                  220


         Note：

         (i)        These transactions were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions agreed between the Group
                    and its related parties.


   (b)   Outstanding balances with related parties:

         (i)        Details of the Group’s balances with its related parties as at the end of the reporting period are
                    disclosed in notes 15, 23, 25, 31, 34 and 36 to the financial statements.


         (ii)       Details of the Group’s balances with joint ventures as at the end of the reporting period are
                    disclosed in note 26 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                   2023 Annual Report        201
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     39. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

           (c)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group:

                                                                                             2023                  2022
                                                                                          RMB ’000              RMB ’000


                 Short term employee benefits                                                   6,058                 9,920
                 Post-employment benefits                                                         353                   444


                 Total compensation paid to key management personnel                            6,411                10,363


                 Further details of the directors’ emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial statements.

     40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

           The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period
           were as follows:

           Financial assets

                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                              2023                 2022
                                                                                        RMB million           RMB million

           Financial assets at amortised cost
             Other non-current assets                                                         33,899                 33,221
             Trade receivables                                                                 8,555                 10,398
             Bills receivable                                                                  7,304                  5,311
             Financial assets included in prepayments, deposits
               and other receivables                                                          32,726                 46,479
             Due from joint ventures                                                             973                 10,441
             Pledged bank balances and time deposits                                           4,159                  1,954
             Cash and cash in bank                                                            79,297                 68,046
           Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
             income
             Equity securities included in financial assets at fair value
               through other comprehensive income                                               8,998                10,384
             Bills receivable included in financial assets at fair value
               through other comprehensive income                                              9,248                  6,777
           Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                              16,568                 15,743


                                                                                             201,727                208,754




202 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                             Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




40. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

   Financial liabilities

                                                                                31 December
                                                                                2023                2022
                                                                         RMB million          RMB million


   Liabilities at amortised cost
     Trade payables                                                            27,164             18,568
     Bills payable                                                             29,292             22,839
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals             14,893             14,720
     Due to joint ventures                                                     20,338             35,634
     Interest-bearing borrowings                                               59,257             52,426
     Other long term liabilities                                                2,189              2,285
     Lease liabilities                                                          2,122              2,228


                                                                             155,255             148,700




                                                                                     2023 Annual Report     203
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

           The Group’s principal financial instruments, other than derivatives, comprise bank loans, other interest-bearing
           loans and cash and short term deposits. The main purpose of these financial instruments is to raise finance for
           the Group’s operations. The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables
           and trade payables, which arise directly from its operations.


           The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are interest rate risk, foreign currency risk,
           credit risk and liquidity risk. The directors meet periodically to analyse and formulate measures to manage
           the Group’s exposure to these risks. Generally, the Group introduces conservative strategies on its risk
           management. The directors review and agree policies for managing each of these risks and they are
           summarised below:


           (a)    Interest rate risk

                  The Group’s interest rate risk mainly arises from long-term interest-bearing borrowings including long-
                  term borrowings. Financial liabilities issued at floating rates expose the Group to cash flow interest rate
                  risk. Financial liabilities issued at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk.


                  The Group’s policy is to manage its interest cost using a mix of fixed and variable rate borrowings. The
                  Group determines the relative proportions of its fixed rate and floating rate contracts depending on the
                  prevailing market conditions.


                  As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s euro-denominated floating rate long-term interest-bearing
                  borrowings is nil (as at 31 December 2022：euro-denominated floating rate contract, the amount is
                  RMB24,700 million).




204 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

   (b)   Foreign currency risk

         The businesses of the Group are principally located in the PRC. While most of the sales of the Group
         are conducted in RMB, certain of the Group’s borrowings were denominated in other currency such as
         Euro (EUR).


         As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the carrying amounts in RMB equivalent of the
         Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are summarised
         below:


                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                 RMB million           RMB million


         Cash and cash in bank                                                           9,347              1,486
         Trade receivables                                                                 832                865
         Trade payables                                                                   (271)                (61)
         Interest-bearing borrowings                                                    (5,763)             (5,380)


                                                                                         4,145              (3,090)


         Fluctuations in the exchange rates of RMB against the foreign currency can affect the Group’s results
         of operations.


         The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
         possible change in the EUR and RMB exchange rates, with all other variables held constant, of the
         Group’s post profit (due to changes in the fair values of monetary assets and liabilities).


                                                                                     Increase/(decrease)
                                                                                       in post tax profit
                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                 RMB million           RMB million


         If RMB strengthens against EUR by 5%                                             (108)               116
         If RMB weakens against EUR by 5%                                                  108                (116)




                                                                                               2023 Annual Report     205
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)

           (c)   Credit risk

                 The cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group are mainly deposited with state-owned
                 banks in the PRC, such as Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, Agricultural Bank of China
                 Limited, Bank of China Limited and China Construction Bank Corporation.


                 The Group has credit policies in place and the exposure to credit risk is monitored on an ongoing basis.
                 Credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. The Group
                 does not have a significant exposure to any individual customer.


                 The Group’s financing services are primarily focused on supporting the sale of the commercial and
                 passenger vehicles of the Group. As a consequence of these activities, the Group is exposed to credit
                 risk, which is monitored and managed based on defined standards, guidelines and procedures. The
                 Group mitigates credit risk by credit protection provided by guarantors and by loan collateral such as
                 vehicles. Scoring systems are applied for the assessment of the default risk of individual customers. All
                 loans and receivables from financing services are reviewed for objective evidence of impairment and
                 classified based on a five-tier classification system.


                 The carrying amount of each financial asset included in these financial statements represents the
                 maximum exposure of the Group to credit risk in relation to its financial assets. The Group has no other
                 financial assets carrying significant exposure to credit risk and has no significant concentration of credit
                 risk.




206 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                              Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

   (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

         Trade receivables


         To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on shared credit
         risk characteristics and the days past due. If there is objective evidence of impairment exists individually
         for financial assets that are individually significant, impairment loss is recognized in the consolidated
         income statement. The carrying amount of trade receivables individually measured is RMB6,052 million
         (2022: RMB7,121 million) and the loss allowance for these trade receivables is RMB1,711 million(2022:
         RMB2,060 million).


         Excluding those account receivables that are individually assessed for impairment, as at 31 December
         2023, the loss allowance determined for trade receivables grouped for assessment based on their
         shared credit risk characteristics as follows:


                                                       Less than                                More than
                                                          1 year     1-2 years     2-3 years       3 years         Total
                                                     RMB million   RMB million   RMB million   RMB million   RMB million


         31 December 2023
         Expected loss rate                               0.58%         9.20%        73.00%       100.00%         9.35%
         Gross carrying amount – trade receivables         3,037         1,243           248           141         4,669
         Gross carrying amount – trade receivables
           in due from joint ventures                        196             1             –             –           197
         Loss allowance – trade receivables                   19           114           181           141           455




                                                                                                  2023 Annual Report       207
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)

           (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

                 Trade receivables (continued)


                 The loss allowance as at 31 December 2022 was determined as follows for trade receivables:


                                                                  Less than                                  More than
                                                                     1 year     1-2 years     2-3 years           3 years           Total
                                                                RMB million   RMB million   RMB million     RMB million       RMB million


                 31 December 2022
                 Expected loss rate                                  0.58%        13.00%        74.04%        100.00%              4.48%
                 Gross carrying amount – trade receivables           5,123           275            45               165           5,607
                 Gross carrying amount – trade receivables in
                   due from joint ventures                             403            20              3                –             426
                 Loss allowance – trade receivables                     32            38            35               165             270

                 The closing loss allowances for trade receivables as at 31 December 2023 was reconciled to the
                 opening loss allowances as follows:


                                                                                                      Trade receivables
                                                                                                          2023                     2022
                                                                                                RMB million                 RMB million


                 At 1 January                                                                             2,326                   1,612
                 Changes within the scope of merger                                                           –                     736
                 Increase/(decrease) in loss allowance recognized in profit or loss
                 during the year                                                                           (161)                      96
                 Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible                                    (3)                    (118)


                 At 31 December                                                                           2,162                   2,326




208 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                         Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

   (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

         Other financial assets at amortised cost


         Other financial assets at amortised cost include deposits and other receivables included in
         prepayments, deposits and other receivables, mandatory reserve deposits with the PBOC, fixed term
         deposits included in other non-current assets, pledged bank balances and time deposits, cash and
         cash in bank, bills receivable and other receivables included in due from joint ventures.


         The loss allowance for other receivables as at 31 December 2023 was reconciled to the closing loss
         allowance on 31 December 2022 as follows:


                                                                                               Other receivables
                                                                                      included in prepayments,
                                                                                              deposits and other
                                                                                           receivables and other
                                                                                         receivables included in
                                                                                         due from joint ventures
                                                                                                     RMB million


         Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2022                                                      320


         Increase in the allowance recognised in profit or loss during the period                           156
         Receivables written off during the year as uncollectible                                            (14)


         Closing loss allowance as at 31 December 2023                                                      462


         (i)    Impairment on mandatory reserve deposits with the PBOC, fixed term deposits, pledged bank
                balances and time deposits, and cash and cash in bank is measured as 12-month expected
                credit losses. These financial assets above are acquired from large banks with principal and
                interests guaranteed, and the expected credit losses is immaterial.


         (ii)   Impairment on bills receivable is measured as 12-month expected credit losses. The bills
                receivable are bank acceptance notes for which the repayments are guaranteed by large banks,
                and the expected credit losses is immaterial.




                                                                                             2023 Annual Report     209
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)

           (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

                 Loans and receivables from financing services


                 The Group applies ECL model for impairment assessment. No significant credit risk is conscious
                 for the reporting period. For loans and receivables from financing services, the Group considers the
                 probability of default upon initial recognition of asset and whether there has been a significant increase
                 in credit risk on an ongoing basis throughout each reporting period. To assess whether there is a
                 significant increase in credit risk, the Group compares the risk of a default occurring on the asset as
                 at the reporting date with the risk of default as at the date of initial recognition. It considers available
                 reasonable and supportive information, especially the following indicators are incorporated:


                 •      internal credit rating


                 •      external credit rating (as far as available)


                 •      actual or expected significant adverse changes in business, financial or economic


                 •      conditions that are expected to cause a significant change to the counter party’s ability to meet
                        its obligations


                 •      actual or expected significant changes in the operating results of the counter party


                 •      significant increases in credit risk on other financial instruments of the same counter party


                 •      significant changes in the value of the collateral supporting the obligation or in the quality of
                        third-party guarantees or credit enhancements


                 •      significant changes in the expected performance and behavior of the counter party, including
                        changes in the payment status of borrower in the group and changes in the operating results of
                        the counter party




210 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                         Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

   (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

         Loans and receivables from financing services(Continued)


         To manage risk arising from loans and receivables from financing services, standardised credit
         management procedures are performed. For pre-approval investigation, the Group optimises the
         review process by using big data technology through its platform and system, including credit analysis,
         assessment of collectability of borrowers, monitoring the cash flow status, possibility of misconduct
         and fraudulent activities. In terms of credit examining management, specific policies and procedures
         are established to assess loans offering. For subsequent monitoring, the Group monitors the cash flow
         and operation status of each borrower. Once the loan was issued, all borrowers would be assessed by
         fraud examination model to prevent fraudulent behaviors. In post-loan supervision, the Group establishes
         risk monitoring alert system through periodical monitoring. The estimation of credit exposure for risk
         management purposes is complex and requires use of models as the exposure varies with changes in
         markets conditions, expected cash flows and passage of time.


         The assessment of credit risk of a portfolio of assets entails further estimations as to the likelihood of
         defaults occurring, of the associated loss ratios and of default correlations between counterparties. The
         Group measures credit risk using Probability of Default (“PD”), Exposure at Default (“EAD”) and Loss
         Given Default (“LGD”). This is consistent with the general approach used for the purposes of measuring
         ECL under IFRS 9.




                                                                                             2023 Annual Report       211
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)

           (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

                 Loans and receivables from financing services(Continued)


                 (i)   ECL model for loans and receivables from financing service, as summarised below:


                       •     The loans and receivables from financing service that is not credit-impaired on initial
                             recognition is classified in “Stage 1” and has its credit risk continuously monitored by the
                             Group. The expected credit loss is measured on a 12-month basis.


                       •     The Group measures the loss allowance for the loans and receivables from financing
                             service at an amount equal to the lifetime ECL if the credit risk of that financial instrument
                             has increased significantly since initial recognition, but is not yet deemed to be credit-
                             impaired.


                       •     If the financial instrument is credit-impaired (as defined below), it is then moved to “Stage
                             3”. The expected credit loss is measured on lifetime basis.


                       •     In Stages 1 and 2, interest income is calculated on the gross carrying amount (without
                             deducting the loss allowance) and the effective interest rate. If a financial asset
                             subsequently becomes credit-impaired (Stage 3), the Group is required to calculate
                             the interest income by applying the effective interest method in subsequent reporting
                             periods to the amortised cost of the financial asset (the gross carrying amount net of loss
                             allowance) rather than the gross carrying amount and the effective interest rate.




212 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                        Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

   (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

         Loans and receivables from financing services (Continued)


         (i)   ECL model for loans and receivables from financing service, as summarised below: (Continued)


               The impairment of loans and receivables from financing service was provided based on the
               “three-stages” model by referring to the changes in credit quality since initial recognition.


               The key judgements and assumptions adopted by the Group in addressing the requirements of
               the standard are discussed below:


               (1)    Significant increase in credit risk (SICR)


                      The Group considers loans and receivables from financing service to have experienced
                      a significant increase in credit risk when backstop criteria have been met. A backstop
                      criteria is applied and the loans and receivables from financing service have experienced
                      a significant increase in credit risk if the borrower’s contractual payments are past due 30
                      days.


               (2)    Definition of default and credit-impaired assets


                      The Group defines a financial instrument as in default, when the borrower’s contractual
                      payments are more than 90 days past due. This has been applied to all loans and
                      receivables from financing service held by the Group.


               (3)    Measuring ECL – Explanation of inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques


                      The Expected Credit Loss (ECL) is measured on either a 12-month (12M) or lifetime
                      basis depending on whether a significant increase in credit risk has occurred since initial
                      recognition or whether an asset is considered to be credit-impaired. The ECL is the
                      discounted product of the Probability of Default (PD), Exposure at Default (EAD) and Loss
                      Given Default (LGD).


                      The ECL is determined by projecting the PD, LGD and EAD for each future month and for
                      each individual exposure or collective segment. These three components are multiplied
                      together and adjusted for the likelihood of survival (i.e. the exposure has not prepaid or
                      defaulted in an earlier month). This effectively calculates an ECL for each future month,
                      which is then discounted back to the reporting date and summed. The discount rate used
                      in the ECL calculation is the original effective interest rate or an approximation thereof.


                                                                                              2023 Annual Report     213
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)

           (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

                 Loans and receivables from financing services(Continued)


                 (i)    ECL model for loans and receivables from financing service, as summarised below: (Continued)


                        (4)    Forward-looking information incorporated in the ECL models


                               The calculation of ECL incorporate forward-looking information. The Group has performed
                               historical analysis and identified the retail index of social consumer goods as the key
                               economic variables impacting credit risk and the expected credit losses.


                               As with any economic forecasts, the projections and likelihoods of occurrence are
                               subject to a high degree of inherent uncertainty and therefore the actual outcomes
                               may be significantly different to those projected. The Group considers these forecasts
                               to represent its best estimate of the possible outcomes to establish that the chosen
                               scenarios are appropriately representative of the range of possible scenarios.


                 (ii)   Provision for impairment


                        The provision for impairment recognized in the period is impacted by a variety of factors, as
                        described below:


                        •      Additional provisions for new financial instruments recognized, as well as releases for
                               loans and receivables from financing service derecognised in the period;


                        •      Loans and receivables from financing service derecognized and write-offs of provision
                               related to assets that were written off during the period


                        The following tables explain the changes in the provision for impairment of loan receivables
                        between the beginning and the end of the year:




214 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                         Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

   (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

         Loans and receivables from financing services(Continued)


         (ii)   Provision for impairment (Continued)


                                                       Stage 1        Stage 2        Stage 3
                                                  12-month           Lifetime       Lifetime
                                                          ECL            ECL            ECL          TOTAL
                                               RMB million        RMB million    RMB million    RMB million


                Carrying amount of loans
                  and receivables from
                  financing service of
                  31 December 2023                      60,400          1,217            803         62,420


                Provision for impairment of
                  loans and receivables from
                  financing service of
                  1 January 2023                         1,385          1,262            783          3,430
                Net transfers out from
                  stage 1                                 (191)             –              –           (191)
                Net transfers into stage 2                   –            132              –            132
                Net transfers into stage 3                   –              –             59             59
                Net increase/decrease
                  during the year                         101            (700)         1,561            962
                Write-offs                                   –              –         (2,108)         (2,108)
                Changes within the scope
                  of the merger                              –              –              –               –
                Provision for impairment of
                  loans and receivables
                  from financing service of
                  31 December 2023                       1,295            694            295          2,284


                Net value of loans and
                  receivables from financing
                  service of
                  31 December 2023                      59,105            523            508         60,136




                                                                                         2023 Annual Report     215
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)

           (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

                 Loans and receivables from financing services(Continued)


                 (ii)   Provision for impairment (Continued)


                                                               Stage 1       Stage 2        Stage 3
                                                          12-month           Lifetime       Lifetime
                                                                  ECL           ECL            ECL         TOTAL
                                                        RMB million      RMB million    RMB million    RMB million


                        Carrying amount of loans
                          and receivables from
                          financing service of 31
                          December 2022                        60,938        14,665           1,379        76,982


                        Provision for impairment
                          of loans and receivables
                          from financing service of 1
                          January 2022                          1,733            383            622         2,738
                        Net transfers out from
                          stage 1                                (445)             –              –           (445)
                        Net transfers into stage 2                   –           146              –           146
                        Net transfers into stage 3                   –             –            299           299
                        Net increase/decrease
                          during the year                        (135)           715            413           993
                        Write-offs                                   –             –           (586)          (586)
                        Changes within the scope of
                          the merger                              232             18             35           285
                        Provision for impairment of
                          loans and receivables from
                          financing service of 31
                          December 2022                         1,385          1,262            783         3,430


                        Net value of loans and
                          receivables from financing
                          service of 31 December
                          2022                                 59,553        13,403             596        73,552




216 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

   (c)   Credit risk (Continued)

         (iii)   Write-off policy


                 The Group writes off financial assets, in whole or in part, when it has exhausted all practical
                 recovery efforts and has concluded there is no reasonable expectation of recovery.


                 The Group may write-off financial assets that are still subject to enforcement activity.


         (iv)    Modification


                 The Group sometimes modifies the terms of loans provided to customers due to commercial
                 renegotiations, or for distressed loans, with a view to maximising recovery. The Group considers
                 the impact from such modification is not significant.




                                                                                               2023 Annual Report   217
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)

           (d)   Liquidity risk

                 The Group’s objective is to maintain a balance between continuity of funding and flexibility through the
                 use of interest-bearing bank and other borrowings, and other available sources of financing.


                 The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
                 contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:


                                                                         31 December 2023
                                                Within                              In the
                                           one year or             In the         third to         Beyond
                                           on demand       second year         fifth years       five years             Total
                                          RMB million      RMB million      RMB million       RMB million      RMB million


                 Interest-bearing
                   borrowings                   31,903            11,725           17,523                  –          61,151
                 Trade payables                 27,164                  –                –                 –          27,164
                 Bills payable                  29,292                  –                –                 –          29,292
                 Other payables                 13,619                  –                –                 –          13,619
                 Due to joint ventures          20,338                  –                –                 –          20,338
                 Lease liabilities                  315              301               562            2,306            3,484
                 Other long term
                   liabilities                         –               36              103                 –             139


                                               122,631            12,062           18,188             2,306          155,187




218 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                             Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

   (d)   Liquidity risk (Continued)

         The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
         contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows (Continued):


                                                                    31 December 2022
                                         Within                              In the
                                    one year or            In the          third to         Beyond
                                    on demand       second year          fifth years      five years            Total
                                   RMB million      RMB million        RMB million     RMB million       RMB million


         Interest-bearing
           borrowings                   28,367             9,853           13,592                  –          51,812
         Trade payables                 18,568                  –                 –                –          18,568
         Bills payable                  22,839                  –                 –                –          22,839
         Other payables                 15,984             1,383               105               90           17,562
         Due to joint ventures          35,634                  –                 –                –          35,634
         Lease liabilities                     –             483               723            2,079            3,285


                                       121,392            11,719           14,420             2,169          149,700




                                                                                               2023 Annual Report        219
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)

           (e)   Capital management

                 The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to
                 continue as a going concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and
                 maximise shareholders’ value.


                 The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic
                 conditions. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust the dividend payment
                 to shareholders, return capital to shareholders or issue new shares. No changes were made in the
                 objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the years ended 31 December 2023 and
                 2022.


                 The Group monitors capital using an asset-liability ratio, which is total liabilities divided by total assets.
                 The asset-liability ratio as at the end of the reporting period was as follows:


                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                         RMB million             RMB million


                 Total assets                                                                   330,678               330,036
                 Total liabilities                                                              171,069               164,500


                 Asset-liability ratio                                                          51.73%                49.84%




220 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2023




41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

   (f)   Fair value estimation

         This section explains the judgements and estimates made in determining the fair values of the financial
         instruments that are recognised and measured at fair value in the financial statements. To provide an
         indication about the reliability of the inputs used in determining fair value, the Group has classified its
         financial instruments into the three levels prescribed under the accounting standards.


         Level 1: The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets (such as publicly traded
         derivatives, and equity securities) is based on quoted market prices at the end of the reporting period.
         The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the group is the current bid price. These
         instruments are included in level 1.


         Level 2: The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-
         the-counter derivatives) is determined using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable
         market data and rely as little as possible on entity-specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to
         fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.


         Level 3: If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is
         included in level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities.


         As at 31 December 2023                                Level 1           Level 2       Level 3           Total
                                                Notes    RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million


         Financial assets
         Financial assets at FVPL
           Structural deposits                   29                   –                –        14,899         14,899
           Equity securities                     29              1,176                 –          493           1,669


         Financial assets at fair
           value through other
           comprehensive income
           (FVOCI)
           Bills receivable                      27                   –                –         9,248          9,248
           Equity securities                     27              8,805                 –          192           8,997


         Total financial assets                                  9,981                 –        24,832         34,813




                                                                                                 2023 Annual Report       221
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     41. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
         (CONTINUED)

           (f)   Fair value estimation (Continued)

                 As at 31 December 2022                              Level 1        Level 2         Level 3              Total
                                                     Notes      RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million


                 Financial assets
                 Financial assets at FVPL
                   Structural deposits                 29                  –              –         14,057         14,057
                   Equity securities                   29             1,210               –            475           1,685


                 Financial assets at fair
                   value through other
                   comprehensive income
                   (FVOCI)
                   Bills receivable                    27                  –              –          6,777           6,777
                   Equity securities                   27            10,181               –            203         10,384


                 Total financial assets                              11,391               –         21,512         32,903


                 The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers into and transfers out of fair value hierarchy levels as at
                 the end of the reporting period. There were no transfers between levels 1 and 2 for recurring fair value
                 measurements during the year.


                 Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include discounted cash flow model
                 and similar company model in the market. The inputs of the valuation techniques mainly include risk-
                 free interest rate, benchmark interest rate, currency rate, liquidity premium, EBITDA factor and etc.




222 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                           Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

   Balance sheet of the Company

                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                 2023               2022
                                                                           RMB million         RMB million

   ASSETS
   Non-current assets
   Property, plant and equipment                                                  5,948              5,562
   Right-of-use assets                                                              323                338
   Investments properties                                                         4,217              2,481
   Intangible assets                                                              3,204              2,137
   Investments in subsidiaries                                                   40,824             33,912
   Investments in joint ventures                                                 12,361             12,361
   Investments in associates                                                      7,314              7,139
   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                 48                 48
   Long term receivable                                                              48                315


   Total non-current assets                                                      74,287             64,293


   Current assets
   Inventories                                                                      963                948
   Trade receivables                                                                856              2,233
   Bills receivable                                                                 866                943
   Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                    5,001              4,892
   Due from joint ventures                                                          823              5,858
   Pledged bank balances                                                              8                  –
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          1,669              1,685
   Cash and cash in bank                                                         61,381             65,231


   Total current assets                                                          71,567             81,790


   TOTAL ASSETS                                                                145,854             146,083


   EQUITY AND LIABILITIES
   Equity
   Issued capital                                                                 8,302              8,616
   Reserves                                                                      14,102             14,765
   Retained profits                                                              75,848             76,201
   Treasury shares                                                                  (78)               (93)


   TOTAL EQUITY                                                                  98,174             99,489




                                                                                       2023 Annual Report     223
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
         (CONTINUED)

           Balance sheet of the Company (Continued)

                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023              2022
                                                                             RMB million        RMB million

           Non-current liabilities
           Interest-bearing borrowings                                             26,866             19,540
           Lease liabilities                                                           67                 72
           Other non-current liabilities                                                4                  4
           Provisions                                                                 615                686
           Government grants                                                        1,493              1,696


           Total non-current liabilities                                           29,045             21,998


           Current liabilities
           Trade payables                                                           4,403              5,590
           Lease liabilities                                                            7                  7
           Bills payable                                                            1,478              1,939
           Other payables and accruals                                              3,165              5,105
           Contract liabilities                                                       610                249
           Due to joint ventures                                                      392                700
           Interest-bearing borrowings                                              8,376             10,646
           Income tax payable                                                           –                211
           Provisions                                                                 204                149


           Total current liabilities                                               18,635             24,596


           TOTAL LIABILITIES                                                       47,680             46,594


           TOTAL EQUITY AND LIABILITIES                                          145,854             146,083


           The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 28 March 2024 and was
           signed on its behalf.


                                   Yang Qing                                 You Zheng
                                    Director                                   Director




224 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                          Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2023




42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
    (CONTINUED)

   Reserve movement of the Company

                                      Capital       Treasury      Statutory      Retained
                                      reserve         shares       reserves        profits          Total
                                   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million   RMB million    RMB million


   As at 1 January 2022                 4,761               –         8,906        66,478         80,145
   Total comprehensive income
     for the year                            1              –              –       13,362         13,363
   Transfer to reserve                       –              –         1,054         (1,054)             –
   Repurchase of treasury shares             –            (93)             –             –            (93)
   Share of capital reserve of
     investments accounted for
     using the equity method               (46)             –              –             –            (46)
   Final 2021 and interim 2022
     dividend declared and paid              –              –              –        (2,585)        (2,585)
   other                                   89               –              –             –            89


   As at 31 December 2022               4,805             (93)        9,960        76,201         90,873


   As at 1 January 2023                 4,805             (93)        9,960        76,201         90,873
   Total comprehensive income
     for the year                            –              –              –        2,207          2,207
   Repurchase of treasury
     shares                                  –          (963)              –             –          (963)
   Cancellation of shares                (664)           978               –             –           314
   Final 2022 dividend
     declared and paid                       –              –              –        (2,560)        (2,560)


   As at 31 December 2023               4,141             (78)        9,960        75,848         89,871




                                                                                     2023 Annual Report      225
     Notes to the Financial Statements (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2023




     42. BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY
         (CONTINUED)

           Reserve movement of the Company (Continued)

           (a)   Statutory reserves

                 In accordance with the PRC Company Law, the Company, its subsidiaries and associates established
                 in the PRC are required to allocate 10% of their profits after tax (determined under the PRC Generally
                 Accepted Accounting Principles (PRC GAAP)) to their respective statutory surplus reserves (the “SSR”).
                 No allocation to the SSR is required after the balance of such reserve reaches 50% of the registered
                 capital of the respective companies. Subject to certain restrictions set out in the PRC Company Law,
                 part of the SSR may be converted to increase share capital, provided that the remaining balance after
                 the capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered capital of the respective companies.


                 Pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations for Sino-foreign joint venture enterprises and the
                 memorandum and articles of association of the relevant companies, the Group’s Sino-foreign joint
                 ventures are also required to make appropriations of certain of their profits after tax thereof to their
                 enterprise expansion funds and reserve funds, which are restricted as to use.


           (b)   Distributable reserves

                 As set out in note 12, for dividend distribution purposes, the Company’s distributable profit is based on
                 the lower of the net profit after tax as determined under PRC GAAP and IFRSs following its restructuring
                 into a joint stock limited liability company on 12 October 2004. The amounts that the Company’s
                 subsidiaries and joint ventures can legally distribute by way of dividend are determined by reference to
                 their profits as reflected in their financial statements prepared in accordance with PRC GAAP. These
                 profits may differ from those dealt with in these financial statements, which are prepared in accordance
                 with IFRSs.


                 In accordance with the PRC Company Law, the net profits after transfers to the SSR can be distributed
                 as dividends by the companies comprising the Group as set out above.


                 Under the relevant laws and regulatory requirements, the net profits of the Group’s Sino-foreign joint
                 ventures after transfers to the enterprise expansion fund and the reserve funds can be distributed as
                 dividends by the Group’s Sino-foreign joint ventures.


     43. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

           The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 March 2024.




226 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
                                                   Five Year Financial Summary
                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2023




                                          2023           2022            2021          2020           2019
                                    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
                                                                    (Restated)

Result
Revenue                                  99,315          92,663       113,168        108,441        101,087
Cost of sales                           (89,849)        (83,836)      (98,929)       (92,629)       (87,596)


Gross profit                              9,466           8,827        14,239         15,812         13,491
Other income                              4,143           6,031         5,080          4,801          2,231
Selling and distribution expenses        (8,221)         (6,569)       (5,757)        (5,043)        (4,349)
Administrative expenses                  (5,309)         (5,126)       (5,224)        (4,594)        (5,076)
Net impairment losses on
   financial assets                      (1,075)         (1,209)        (1,908)        (1,362)        (1,163)
Other expenses                           (5,601)         (5,287)        (6,999)        (8,676)        (5,500)
Finance costs                            (1,108)         (1,029)          (269)        (1,206)          (575)
Share of profits and losses of:
   Joint ventures                          513          11,884         11,800          9,495         11,633
   Associates                              807             862          1,804          2,960          3,913


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                        (6,385)         8,384         12,766         12,187         14,605
Income tax expense                         (428)           929         (1,383)        (1,620)        (1,759)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                      (6,813)         9,313         11,383         10,567         12,846


Profit attributable to:
  Equity holders of the parent           (3,996)        10,265         11,393         10,758         12,858
  Non-controlling interests              (2,817)          (952)           (10)          (191)           (12)


                                         (6,813)         9,313         11,383         10,567         12,846


                                          2023           2022            2021          2020           2019
                                    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
                                                                    (Restated)

ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND
  NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
Total assets                            330,678        330,036        320,073        317,309        272,000
Total liabilities                      -171,069       -164,500       -167,895       -176,072       -138,032
Non-controlling interests                -6,822         -9,684         -4,749         -5,334         -6,187


                                        152,787        155,852        147,429        135,903        127,781




                                                                                       2023 Annual Report       227
     Definitions


     In this interim report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms shall have the meanings set out
     below.


     “Company”                        東風汽車集團股份有限公司 (Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited), a joint
                                      stock limited company registered in the PRC on 12 October 2004 in accordance
                                      with the laws of the PRC or where the context refers to any time prior to the date
                                      of incorporation, those entities and businesses which were contributed to and
                                      conducted by the Company upon its establishment


     “Dongfeng Joint Venture          Jointly-controlled Entities in which the Company, its subsidiaries or Jointly-
       Companies”                     controlled Entities (including their respective subsidiaries and Jointly-controlled
                                      Entities) have equity interests as at 31 December 2015.


     “Dongfeng Motor Corporation”     東風汽車公司(Dongfeng Motor Corporation), a state-owned enterprise incorporated
       or “DMC”                       under the laws of the PRC and the parent of the Company


     “Dongfeng Motor Group” or        the Company and its subsidiaries, the Dongfeng Joint Venture Companies and the
       “Group”                        irrespective subsidiaries and associates.


     “Hong Kong” or “HK”              The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


     “Joint Venture Company”          A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint
                                      control of the arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint
                                      control, is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which
                                      exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous
                                      consent of the parties sharing control.


     “Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                      Kong Limited, as amended from time to time


     “PRC” or “China”                 the People’s Republic of China. Except where the context requires, geographical
                                      references in this annual report to the PRC or China exclude Hong Kong, Macau or
                                      Taiwan


     “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as
                                      amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time


     “Parent Group”                   Dongfeng Motor Corporation and its subsidiaries (excluding the Group)




228 Dongfeng Motor Group Company Limited
