CONTENTS

Corporate Information                                              2

Management Discussion and Analysis                                 4

Other Information                                                  28

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income   42

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position     44

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity      46

Interim Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows             47

Notes to Interim Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements       48

Definitions                                                        67
    CORPORATE INFORMATION


    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                     COMPANY SECRETARIES

    Executive Directors                                    Ms. Mak Po Man Cherie
                                                            (Appointed on 20 March 2026)
    Mr. HUANG Wei (Chairman and chief executive officer)
                                                           Ms. Sze Suet Ling
    Mr. YE Fuwei
                                                            (Resigned on 20 March 2026)
    Ms. ZHANG Jinghua

    Non-executive Director                                 REGISTERED OFFICE
    Mr. LIU Wei
                                                           Cricket Square
                                                           Hutchins Drive
    Independent Non-executive Directors                    PO Box 2681
    Mr. WU Fei                                             Grand Cayman
    Mr. FUNG Che Wai, Anthony                              KY1-1111
    Mr. CHEN Shuo                                          Cayman Islands


    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                        CORPORATE HEADQUARTERS

    Mr. FUNG Che Wai, Anthony (Chairman)                   Building 3, Fuxing Economic Development Zone
    Mr. WU Fei                                             (Fuzhou Software Park Jin’an Branch)
    Mr. CHEN Shuo                                          No. 318 Fuguang Road
                                                           Jin’an District
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                                 Fuzhou, Fujian Province
                                                           PRC
    Mr. WU Fei (Chairman)
    Mr. HUANG Wei                                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
    Mr. FUNG Che Wai, Anthony                              HONG KONG

    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                                   Unit No.3503, 35/F
                                                           West Tower
    Mr. HUANG Wei (Chairman)                               Shun Tak Centre
    Mr. WU Fei                                             168-200 Connaught Road Central
    Mr. CHEN Shuo                                          Sheung Wan
    Ms. ZHANG Jinghua                                      Central and Western
    Mr. FUNG Che Wai, Anthony                              Hong Kong


    AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES

    Mr. HUANG Wei (Chairman and chief executive officer)
    Ms. ZHANG Jinghua




2   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                                                CORPORATE INFORMATION


CAYMAN ISLANDS PRINCIPAL SHARE                      PRINCIPAL BANKS
REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                    Fujian Haixia Bank, Fuzhou Mindu Branch
Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited              Ancillary Building, Labour Building 128 Gutian Road
Cricket Square                                      Gulou District
Hutchins Drive                                      Fuzhou, Fujian Province
PO Box 2681                                         PRC
Grand Cayman
KY1-1111                                            China Construction Bank, Fuzhou Chengdong Branch
Cayman Islands                                      Mingliu Building
                                                    56 Gutian Road
                                                    Gulou District
HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
                                                    Fuzhou, Fujian Province
                                                    PRC
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor
                                                    Industrial Bank Co. Ltd., Fuzhou Jiangbin Branch
Hopewell Centre 183
                                                    Area G, Limin Garden
Queen’s Road East
                                                    No. 7, Bayiqi South Road
Wan Chai
                                                    Taijiang District
Hong Kong
                                                    Fuzhou, Fujian Province
                                                    PRC
HONG KONG LEGAL ADVISOR

Dentons Hong Kong LLP                               STOCK CODE
Suite 3201, Jardine House
                                                    2473
1 Connaught Place
Central
Hong Kong                                           COMPANY WEBSITE

                                                    www.xxfqc.com
AUDITOR

PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
22/F, Prince’s Building
Central
Hong Kong




                                                                                      Interim Report 2026   3
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    INTRODUCTION

    We are an established automobile retailer providing automobile finance lease service primarily through our self-operated
    sales outlets in the PRC. The Group’s principal businesses comprise: (i) automobile retail and finance, where we sell
    non-luxury automobiles mostly on direct finance lease; (ii) automobile-related businesses, where we primarily offer
    automobile operating lease service and other automobile-related services; and (iii) outright car sales business, where we
    sell cars on a one-off basis.


    ANALYSIS OF MACROECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT

    In the first half of 2026, the global economy operated against a backdrop of “low growth and high uncertainty”. At
    the beginning of the year, authoritative international economic organizations such as the International Monetary Fund
    (IMF), the World Bank and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) generally anticipated
    a moderate recovery in the global economy in 2026; however, this outlook was shattered by the sharp escalation of
    geopolitical tensions in the Middle East in late February. Affected by the temporary blockade of the Strait of Hormuz, the
    price of Brent crude oil rose by approximately 30% compared with pre-conflict levels, thereby interrupting the previous
    trend of steadily declining inflation. Consequently, in July, IMF further revised down its forecast for global economic
    growth to 3.0%, a further 0.1 percentage point lower than its April projection, showing typical characteristics of
    weakened growth momentum and recurring inflationary pressures in the global economy.

    Faced with a rapidly changing external environment, China has stepped up the implementation of more proactive
    counter-cyclical regulatory policies, and the economy has generally remained stable. According to data from the National
    Bureau of Statistics, in the first half of 2026, China’s gross domestic product (GDP) stood at RMB69,570.4 billion,
    representing a year-on-year increase of 4.7% at constant prices. On a quarterly basis, GDP grew by 5.0% year-on-year
    in the first quarter and by 4.3% in the second quarter. On a quarter-on-quarter basis, GDP grew by 0.9% in the
    second quarter. The Chinese economy has withstood pressures and remained within a reasonable range, with new
    growth drivers expanding rapidly, production and supply growing at a relatively fast pace, the employment situation
    remaining generally stable, prices rising moderately, foreign trade showing strong momentum. Furthermore, measures
    to safeguard people’s livelihoods have been robust and effective, and the resilience of the economy has continued to be
    demonstrated.


    ANALYSIS OF INDUSTRY ENVIRONMENT

    China’s passenger vehicle sales market
    In the first half of 2026, influenced by factors such as the macroeconomic environment and cyclical adjustments in the
    consumer market, overall sales in China’s domestic passenger vehicle market declined year-on-year. However, passenger
    vehicle exports bucked the trend and reached a new historic high, and China’s passenger vehicle market thus exhibited
    the distinct characteristics of pressure on overall volume and profound structural divergence.




4   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Data from the China Association of Automobile Manufacturers (CAAM) shows that in the first half of 2026, production
and sales of passenger vehicles in China stood at 12.721 million and 12.72 million units respectively, representing
year-on-year declines of 5.9% and 6.0%. Among them, domestic sales of passenger vehicles stood at 8.288 million
units, representing a year-on-year decrease of 24.3%, whilst total overseas exports of passenger vehicles reached 4.432
million units, representing a year-on-year increase of 71.7%. The market share of domestic passenger vehicle sales
contracted significantly, whilst the export figures in the first half reached a record high, with strong export growth
offsetting the shortfall in domestic demand.

In the domestic passenger vehicle market, domestic sales contracted due to a combination of factors, including the
expiration of the policy of full exemption from purchase tax at the end of 2025, which led to some demand being pulled
forward, the halving of the purchase tax in 2026, which increased the cost of purchasing vehicles in the first half of the
year, the accelerating shift towards new energy vehicles, persistently high oil prices, and the aging brands of older joint
venture models. However, there were marked structural differences within the market.

Data from CAAM shows that in the first half of 2026, domestic sales of conventional fuel passenger vehicles stood at
3.694 million units, representing a year-on-year decline of 31.9%, and the market pressure faced by manufacturers
of traditional fuel passenger vehicles was more prominent. Domestic sales of new energy passenger vehicles totaled
4.594 million units in the first half of the year, representing a year-on-year decline of 16.8%, and the rate of decline
in domestic sales of new energy passenger vehicles was lower than the 24.3% drop in total domestic passenger
vehicle sales. Furthermore, the domestic sales of new energy passenger vehicles accounted for 55.4% of total domestic
passenger vehicle sales in the first half of the year, making them the core driver of structural growth in the domestic
sales of passenger vehicles.

Looking at the price ranges in the domestic passenger vehicle end-user market, according to official statistics from
China Passenger Car Association (CPCA) of the China Automobile Dealers Association, in the first half of 2026, sales of
models priced below RMB50,000 totaled just 130,000 units, representing a year-on-year decline of 55%, indicating a
significant contraction in demand for low-end commuting vehicles. Sales of models in the price range of RMB50,000 –
RMB100,000 fell by 20% year-on-year; for those in the price range of RMB100,000 – RMB150,000, sales fell by 27%
year-on-year. With a strong sense of caution among consumers with essential needs, these price ranges are the core
range under pressure from weak domestic demand.

With regard to overseas exports of passenger vehicles, driven by domestic and international market demand, profit
differentials across the industry, and the advantages of the full new energy vehicle supply chain, including the
three-electric systems, intelligent cockpits and a comprehensive suite of autonomous driving technologies, the cost and
iteration speed were globally leading. Affected by comprehensive factors such as product differentiation, including fast
charging, advanced intelligent driver-assistance systems and spacious interiors, which precisely met the needs of markets
in Europe, South-East Asia, the Middle East and Latin America, the total export volume was growing quickly, with both
fuel vehicles and new energy vehicles continuing to expand.

Data from CAAM shows that in the first half of the year, total exports of new energy passenger vehicles reached 2.302
million units, representing a year-on-year increase of 130%, with export growth surging; total exports of fuel passenger
vehicles stood at 2.13 million units, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.7%, reflecting steady growth in overseas
essential demand.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026         5
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    Services in China’s passenger vehicle operating lease market
    In the first half of 2026, as long-distance tours and self-driving trips became more common for residents, demand for
    personal leasing services, such as those for cultural and tourism purposes, showed an upward trend, and corporate
    leasing demand remained steady. Meanwhile, comprehensive vehicle subscription models, encompassing rental fees,
    insurance, maintenance, rescue and flexible vehicle swap, rose rapidly, leading to continued growth in the size of China’s
    passenger vehicle operating lease market.

    E-hailing vehicles market
    According to data from the Ministry of Transport’s e-hailing vehicles regulatory interaction system, the overall number of
    orders in the e-hailing vehicles market saw a slight increase in the first half of 2026. With the standardization of pricing
    practices on internet platforms, the integration of data between e-hailing platforms and the national regulatory platform,
    and the dual-license compliance rectification program entering its final stages, compliance standards across the e-hailing
    industry as a whole have been comprehensively tightened, and the sector has shifted from expansion driven by volume
    growth to a phase of refined, compliant operations.


    POLICIES SUPPORT

    During the Reporting Period, the Chinese government continued to introduce a series of policies to guide and support
    the automobile consumer market.


    In January 2026, the General Offices of eight ministries and departments, including the Ministry of Commerce, issued
    the Implementing Rules for the 2026 Subsidy Scheme for the Vehicle Trade-in (    《2026 年汽車以舊換新補貼實施細則》                   ).
    Through an optimized design comprising “subsidies based on a percentage of the vehicle price + an expanded scope
    of eligible old vehicles + a nationwide uniform standard”, it has more precisely reduced the cost of vehicle purchase for
    consumers, enabled more eligible consumers to benefit from the subsidies, and fully unlocked the consumption potential
    of the vehicle trade-in.

    In February 2026, the State Administration for Market Regulation officially issued the Guidelines on Compliance with
    Pricing Practices in the Automotive Industry (《汽車行業價格行為合規指南》                ), emphasizing that vehicle manufacturers
    should respect the autonomous pricing rights of vehicle dealers, and guiding the automotive industry towards a return
    to rational competition centered on rules and value.




6   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In June 2026, the Ministry of Commerce and eight other departments jointly issued the Notice on Several Measures
to Foster and Expand Consumption in the Automobile Aftermarket (        《關於培育壯大汽車後市場消費若干措施的通知》                              ),
with the policy focusing on the upgrading and optimizing of supply within the automobiles rental industry. On the one
hand, by promoting close collaboration between leasing companies and the automobile industry, the policy supports
such companies in extending their industrial chains through models such as centralized procurement, buy-back schemes,
second-hand car dealerships and exports. It also provides interest subsidies on loans to eligible business entities to reduce
operating costs and expand business opportunities. On the other hand, efforts are being made to enhance the capacity
to provide automobiles rental services, encouraging enterprises to move towards brand-building, chain operations and
large-scale production, and to improve the automobiles rental service network. At the same time, support is being
provided for diversified service models such as “renting instead of buying” and “cross-location vehicle return”, as well as
innovation in insurance products, to further reduce vehicle usage costs for consumers and promote healthy interaction
and high-quality development at both the supply and demand ends of the automobiles rental market.

In June 2026, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology and the State Administration for Market Regulation
held discussions with several leading automotive manufacturers, guiding them to comply with the Guidelines on
Compliance with Pricing Practices in the Automotive Industry ( 《汽車行業價格行為合規指南》               ) and to shift their focus
from a “competing for low prices and internal competition” to a focus on “competing with technology, quality and
service”, moving the industry from price competition towards a model centered on service and quality.

In June 2026, five ministries, including the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Commerce,
the National Development and Reform Commission, the Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Affairs and the National Energy
Administration, jointly issued the Notice from the General Offices (Comprehensive Departments) of the Ministry of
Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Commerce and Other Three Ministries on Launching the 2026 New
Energy Vehicle Rural Promotion Campaign (    《工業和信息化部商務部等五部門辦公廳(綜合司)關於開展 2026 年新能源汽
車下鄉活動的通知》           ), implementing a package of policy measures including tax and fee reductions, the complete removal
of quotas for trade-in schemes in rural areas, and the extension of supporting infrastructure and services to these areas.
The New Energy Vehicle Rural Promotion Campaign has been fully launched, targeting county and township markets,
with additional local scrappage subsidies and trade-in subsidies to stimulate demand in lower-tier markets.

In the first half of 2026, the dual-license compliance requirements for e-hailing vehicles entered a phase of routine
and stringent regulation, with several cities, including Wuhan and Nanjing, issuing implementation guidelines and
progressively tightening enforcement of dual-license compliance. Some cities entered the formal phase-out period on 1
June 2026, marking a transition in regional e-hailing vehicle markets to a phase of strict dual-license compliance, where
vehicles without the required licenses are prohibited from operating.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026         7
    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


    BUSINESS REVIEW

    During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue amounted to RMB761.3 million, representing a decrease of RMB7.9
    million or 1.0% compared with the same period last year; the Group’s gross profit amounted to RMB222.1 million,
    representing a decrease of RMB8.8 million or 3.8% compared with the same period last year; the Group’s profit
    amounted to RMB17.4 million, representing a decrease of RMB5.1 million or 22.7% compared with the same period last
    year. A specific overview of our business development is set out below:

    1.    Focusing on our core business and continuously optimizing our business
          structure
          Automobile retail and finance business
          Our automobile retail and finance business mainly serves individual customers with vehicle needs in China.

          In the first half of 2026, the Group’s results of operation came under some pressure due to a number of factors,
          including significant fluctuations in domestic car prices, weakening end-user demand in the passenger vehicle
          market and changes in the structure of market demand. Faced with environmental challenges, we proactively
          adjusted our sales strategy and, whilst maintaining sales volumes, implemented more prudent sales management
          to ensure that operational risks remained under control.

          On the one hand, facing structural changes in end-market vehicle demand, we have promptly and flexibly
          adjusted the proportion of new energy vehicles in our procurement and sales mix, with a view to continuously
          meeting customer needs and maintaining and expanding our market share. During the Reporting Period, new
          energy vehicles accounted for 32.7% of new car sales in our Group’s automobile retail and finance business,
          representing an increase of 19.3 percentage points from 13.4% in the same period last year.

          On the other hand, we strictly enforce inventory limit management, enhancing the sales turnover rate for
          new vehicles and the clearance rate for used vehicles. During the Reporting Period, the sales days for new
          vehicles stood at 17 days, representing a reduction of one day compared with the sales turnover rates in 2025.
          Furthermore, through our digital systems, we have strengthened dynamic control over sales pace, total inventory
          levels and capital occupancy, thereby reducing the risk of capital occupancy and the risk of impairment arising
          from vehicle price fluctuations. Whilst these adjustments have had a temporary impact on sales volumes to some
          extent, they have effectively reduced the risk of after-sales fulfilment, thereby helping to safeguard the Group’s
          overall cash flow safety and mitigate operational risks.

          Due to the continuous adjustment and optimization of our Group’s sales strategy, our automobile retail and
          finance business achieved overall results that outperformed the industry average during the Reporting Period. In
          terms of sales volume, new car sales totaled 4,114 units during the Reporting Period, representing a year-on-year
          decrease of 921 units or 18.3%. Compared with the year-on-year decline of 24.3% in domestic passenger vehicle
          sales, the Group’s decline rate decreased by 6.0 percentage points. In terms of revenue, the automobile retail and
          finance business generated revenue of RMB527.1 million during the Reporting Period, representing a year-on-year
          decrease of RMB79.4 million or 13.1% from RMB606.6 million in the same period last year. These ongoing and
          proactive adjustments to our sales strategy have ensured that operational risks remain manageable, whilst also
          laying the foundations for the Group’s sustained business growth under the subsequent improvement of the
          market environment.




8   XXF Group Holdings Limited
              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Automobile-related business
In the first half of 2026, as long-distance tours and self-driving trips became more common for residents, and
with demand for cultural and tourism rentals and corporate rentals on the rise, the Group capitalized on industry
trends, particularly the market shift towards increased demand for rental bookings during public holidays.
Through systematic measures such as optimizing the regional supply structure of vehicles, dynamic pricing
and refined operational scheduling, the Group achieved a significant improvement in the quality of revenue
and operational efficiency across its long-term and short-term rental businesses, as well as its e-hailing vehicle
businesses.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s automobile-related business generated revenue of RMB137.6 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of RMB34.0 million or 32.8% from RMB103.6 million in the same period last
year. Of this, revenue from the automobile operating lease business amounted to RMB130.6 million, representing
a year-on-year increase of RMB34.0 million or 35.2% from RMB96.6 million in the same period last year. The
Group’s operating lease business, covering both long- and short-term leasing as well as e-hailing vehicles,
maintained steady and sustained growth.


Outright car sales business
The Group’s outright car sales business is primarily focused on vehicle exports. During the Reporting Period, the
Group allocated significant resources to expanding its international presence.

On the one hand, following extensive groundwork in the early stages, the Group has established a solid
foundation in Central Asia (Tashkent and Almaty) and has rapidly localized and rolled out its business model in
these markets. During the Reporting Period, the Group, taking into account local market demand and assessing
the competitive landscape, further strengthened the capacity of its local sales organizations and accelerated the
expansion of its overseas operations.

On the other hand, during the Reporting Period, the Group further capitalized on Hong Kong’s strengths as an
international trade and financial center, as well as its geographical advantages. Building upon its existing re-export
trade operations, the Group utilized its Hong Kong subsidiary as the primary entity for international trade to
launch outright car sales business/export business, thereby providing a new business model to complement
the Group’s whole-vehicle export operations in the international market. Capitalizing on the advantages of
Hong Kong as an international financial center and in line with the Group’s international automobile trade
requirements, the Hong Kong subsidiary established stable financial partnerships with local financial institutions
during the Reporting Period, thereby expanding the Group’s overseas financing channels and serving as a driving
force in the Group’s international business expansion.

In terms of responding to the international market environment, in the first half of 2026, the number of
orders from the Middle East declined due to geopolitical conflicts in the region. Faced with fluctuations in the
international market, the Group flexibly switched to multiple export routes, adding two alternative channels, i.e.
shipping via the African route and Central Asia land route, thereby ensuring the stable operation of its business.

In summary, during the Reporting Period, revenue from the Group’s outright car sales business reached RMB96.5
million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB37.5 million or 63.7% from RMB59.0 million in the same
period last year. The Group’s outright car sales business maintained a growth rate broadly in line with that of the
industry.




                                                                                             Interim Report 2026         9
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     2.   Strengthening the development of the sales network and the deployment
          of the after-sales service network
          During the Reporting Period, the Group remained firmly committed to its strategy of targeting lower-tier markets
          and continued to expand its sales network. As of 30 June 2026, the Group’s self-operated sales and service
          outlets covered 26 provincial-level administrative regions across the country, with a total of 111 outlets. Among
          these, the number of multi-functional self-operated sales and service outlets increased from 25 in 2025 to 26 as
          of 30 June 2026, thereby further enhancing synergies across business lines.

          In terms of after-sales service network coverage, the Group has continued to expand its in-depth partnerships
          with leading organizations such as Tuhu Car (途虎養車), JD AutoService (京東養車) and CARE MORE (車工坊),
          with the number of partner service outlets rising from a cumulative total of over 7,000 as at 31 December 2025
          to over 8,000 as of 30 June 2026. During the Reporting Period, by integrating service interfaces with various
          partner platforms, the Group achieved the online transfer and status synchronization of customer repair and
          maintenance work orders, thereby enhancing service response efficiency. At the same time, the Group further
          refined its outlet grading management system, conducting quarterly assessments of partner outlets based on
          indicators such as service response times and customer feedback, and establishing a dynamic entry and exit
          mechanism. The ongoing development of the after-sales service network has provided robust soft power support
          for our sales expansion, customer experience and service response efficiency. Furthermore, the Group is exploring
          and analyzing other complementary approaches to building the after-sales service network, striving to provide
          even higher-quality services to our customers and to lay a stronger foundation for the Group’s further business
          development.

     3.   Continuously drive cost reduction, efficiency enhancement, and quality
          improvement
          In the first half of 2026, whilst expanding our business, the Group continued to implement cost reduction and
          efficiency enhancement. Building on our per-vehicle revenue model, we strengthened control and management
          of key cost items, including financing costs, insurance costs, vehicle procurement costs and direct operating costs,
          and implemented differentiated classification and management. With regard to financing costs, leveraging our
          strong cooperative relationships with various financing channels, the average cost of interest-bearing liabilities
          fell by 1.1 percentage points year-on-year. With regard to insurance costs, we controlled the insurance cost per
          vehicle, resulting in a year-on-year reduction of RMB0.1 thousand per vehicle. At the same time, we accelerated
          the integration of business, finance and human resources management, reducing administrative costs by
          enhancing operational efficiency to support business development. We also explored more effective incentive
          models, such as partnership schemes, with a view to injecting further momentum into our business expansion.




10   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


4.     Technology empowerment and information construction
       In the first half of 2026, the Group continued to advance its digital transformation initiatives. With regard
       to the application of artificial intelligence, the Group closely monitored technological trends and introduced
       intelligent tools such as CodeBuddy and WorkBuddy, which have effectively enhanced R&D efficiency and assisted
       business departments in achieving process automation. With regard to the deployment of digital employees,
       the Group has deployed over 250 digital employees in business scenarios with clearly defined rules and a high
       degree of repetitiveness, such as finance, operations and customer service. Since 2023, these digital employees
       have executed over 30 million tasks, delivering significant efficiency gains. In risk control management, the
       Group has promoted the online authorization of in-vehicle devices and the digital transformation of the entire
       process, achieving systematic control at key risk control points. This has effectively reduced the risks of human
       error and the misuse of authorizations, with digital risk-control employees handling over 95% of credit review
       cases. In terms of business-finance coordination, the Group has comprehensively advanced the integration of
       business and finance functions, breaking down data barriers between these areas and continuously consolidating
       a management closed-loop characterized by “single data source, integrated processes and collaborative
       decision-making”. With regard to information security, the Group has steadily advanced the implementation of
       the Cybersecurity Level Protection 2.0 framework, systematically strengthening the information security protection
       system and providing a solid protection for the Group’s digital transformation.


FUTURE OUTLOOK

At present, the Chinese passenger vehicles market has entered a phase of structural transformation, with new energy
vehicles becoming the core driver of the industry’s restructuring. Although “involutionary” price wars have had a certain
impact on the industry over the past period, with the introduction of policies to counter this trend, we believe the
industry will gradually return to a more rational state. In the face of the industry trends and changes, we will respond
proactively, withstand market pressures, and strive to achieve counter-trend efficiency gains, while ensuring the Group’s
overall sound operations.

Looking ahead, the Group will continue to focus on its core strategic directions and deepen its presence in the following
areas:

Continuing to expand our network infrastructure
With regard to the in-depth development of our domestic business, we will continue to focus on the lower-tier cities,
further expanding and optimizing the layout of self-operated sales networks, with a particular emphasis on strengthening
the development of multi-functional sales networks in tier-two, tier-three, and lower-tier cities, whilst continuously
enhancing our market penetration and customer service capabilities. At the same time, we will further develop our
after-sales service network and actively explore after-sales service business models that are more beneficial to the Group.
The aim is to leverage more customer touchpoints based on the customer service experience to promote our automobile
service products and solutions, thereby enhancing our customer acquisition efficiency. Data from the after-sales service
business may also provide an opportunity to further enrich our existing operations in terms of credit assessment, asset
monitoring and asset risk management, thereby strengthening the Group’s risk management capabilities.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026         11
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Continuing to optimize our product structure and service solutions
     In line with the ongoing expansion of the new energy vehicle market and in response to changing customer needs,
     we will continue to increase the proportion of new energy models in our product portfolio, raise the share of new
     energy vehicles in our leasing assets, and consolidate and expand our competitive advantage in the domestic market.
     Meanwhile, in the area of automobile services, the car “subscription” model combines the advantages of traditional car
     purchase with those of short-term leasing, offering greater flexibility. We will align with the global industry trend of a
     shift in automobile consumption from “ownership” to “usage rights”, actively exploring innovative service models such
     as car “subscriptions”. By leveraging the Group’s existing business foundation and operational experience, we will drive
     the implementation and practice of this model, fostering continuous innovation in the Group’s business and continually
     enhancing our customer service capabilities.

     Strengthening the development of the automobile export business
     With regard to the outright car sales business and overseas business expansion, we will continue to capitalize on
     opportunities in automobile exports. Building on our existing presence in Khorgos, Tashkent and Almaty, we will
     accelerate the development of the comprehensive overseas service network and localized operations. At the same time,
     we will actively promote our authorized overseas sales system, drive the implementation of the first-tier authorized
     dealership model, and continue to foster stable growth in our overseas business.

     Improving business quality and efficiency, continuously promoting cost
     reduction and efficiency enhancement, and efficiently empowering business
     management
     In order to enhance our resilience to risks, we will continue to use the per-vehicle model as the core of our management
     framework, strengthening cost management across key dimensions. At the same time, we will focus more closely on the
     profitability of individual stores, continuously optimize our network layout, drive growth in sales per store and improve
     operational quality, thereby upgrading the quality of our sales network and enhancing our profitability through stable
     product gross profit and pricing. Furthermore, we will continue to deepen our empowerment of technology, expanding
     the deployment of digital employees in key areas such as sales, risk control and operations. We will shift our focus from
     “system development” towards “value-driven operations and data insights”, striving to standardize, digitize and refine
     our management processes. We will continuously improve our intelligent risk control system and data-driven capabilities,
     releasing relevant human resources and further enhancing the efficiency of our labor costs.




12   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


NON-IFRS MEASURES

To supplement our consolidated results, which are prepared and presented in accordance with IFRS, the Company uses
adjusted net profit (non-IFRS measures) as an additional financial measure, which is unaudited and not required by, or
presented in accordance with, IFRS. We believe that this measure facilitates comparisons of operating performance from
period to period and company to company by eliminating the potential impact of items that our management does
not consider to be indicative of the Group’s operating performance, such as certain non-cash items. The use of this
non-IFRS measure has limitations as an analytical tool, and shareholders and potential investors of the Company should
not consider them in isolation from, as a substitute for, analysis of, or superior to, the Group’s results of operations or
financial condition as reported under IFRS. In addition, this non-IFRS financial measure may be defined differently from
similar terms used by other companies, and may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures used by other
companies. Our presentation of this non-IFRS measure should not be construed as an implication that our future results
will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items.


The following table reconciles adjusted net profit (non-IFRS measures) presented to the most directly comparable
financial measures calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS. Share-based compensation expenses represent a
non-cash expense that the Company recognizes in installments at fair value in profit or loss during the waiting period
from the grant date to the vesting date under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme. Losses from changes in fair value refer
to the unrealized gain or loss from changes in fair value of fund investments purchased by the Company during the
Reporting Period, measured at fair value at the end of the Reporting Period.


                                                                                   For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                               2026             2025
                                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                        Unaudited          Unaudited


Profit for the period                                                                         17,441               22,570


Add:
Share-based compensation expenses                                                                423                 1,756
Losses from changes in fair value                                                                323                     –


Adjusted net profit (non-IFRS measures)                                                       18,187               24,326


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s adjusted net profit was RMB18.2 million, representing a decrease of 25.2%
compared to RMB24.3 million for the corresponding period of last year, mainly due to the impact of market conditions
in the sector, which led to a contraction in end-user demand, resulting in a decline in the Group’s revenue from
automobile retail and finance business as compared with the corresponding period of last year.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026         13
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Revenue
                                                                       For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                     2026                            2025
                                                              RMB’000       percentage        RMB’000              percentage
                                                             Unaudited                       Unaudited


     Automobile retail and finance
     Sales of automobile under finance lease                    359,393            47.2%            450,485            58.6%
     Finance lease income                                       167,733            22.0%            156,086            20.3%


     Sub-total                                                  527,126            69.2%            606,571            78.9%


     Automobile-related businesses
     Automobile operating lease                                 130,626            17.2%             96,583            12.6%
     Other automobile-related income                              6,982             0.9%              7,021             0.9%


     Sub-total                                                  137,608            18.1%            103,604            13.5%


     Outright car sales business                                 96,530            12.7%             58,976             7.6%


     Total                                                      761,264           100.0%            769,151           100.0%


     The Group’s revenue for the Reporting Period decreased by 1.0% from RMB769.2 million for the six months ended 30
     June 2025 to RMB761.3 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026.

     Most of our sales outlets are located in tier two, tier three, and below cities. As at 30 June 2026, the number of
     self-operated sales outlets of the Group was 111, with 39 sales outlets which only provided passenger vehicles, 46 sales
     outlets which only provided e-hailing vehicles, and 26 sales outlets which provided both passenger vehicles and e-hailing
     vehicles.




14   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


AUTOMOBILE RETAIL AND FINANCE
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from automobile retail and finance business decreased by 13.1% from
RMB606.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB527.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026.
This was mainly due to the decrease in vehicle sales under the automobile retail and finance business of the Group
during the Reporting Period.

The operating data of the Group’s automobile retail and finance business for the year/period indicated are as follows:

                                                                                                                                          For the year
                                                                                            For the six months                                  ended
                                                                                              ended 30 June                              31 December
                                                                                               2026             2025                             2025
                                                                                          Unaudited         Unaudited                         Audited


Average principal amount of newly
  entered finance lease agreements (RMB’000)                                                       78.4                      84.8                82.9
Average effective interest rate charged for
  newly entered finance lease agreements (Note 1)                                               18.1%                     17.5%                17.3%
Average yield of finance lease receivables (Note 2)                                             18.1%                     17.3%                16.8%

Notes:

1.       Calculated by dividing sum of effective interest rate of newly entered finance lease agreements by the total number of newly entered finance
         lease agreements entered for the relevant year/period.

2.       Calculated by dividing finance lease income for the relevant year/period by the average balance of finance lease receivables.


During the Reporting Period, the average effective interest rate charged by the Group for newly entered finance lease
agreements and the average yield of finance lease receivables increased compared with those for the year ended 31
December 2025 and those for the six months ended 30 June 2025, primarily due to the fact that facing changes in the
market environment, the Group adhered to a risk-oriented pricing strategy, so the average effective interest rates of
newly entered finance lease agreements and the average yield of finance lease receivables increased.

Our automobile retail and finance business primarily serves individual customers in tier-two, tier three, and lower-tier
cities across the PRC, with a focus on non-luxury vehicle models. The Group does not have any major customers in terms
of revenue contribution of the automobile retail and finance business to the total revenue of the Group.

For the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, the total revenue of the Group attributable to the five largest
customers of the Group was 6.4% and 5.5%, respectively.




                                                                                                                              Interim Report 2026        15
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth the breakdown of our revenue generated from our automobile retail and finance business
     by geographical location for the period indicated:

                                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
     Geographical location of customers                             2026                            2025
                                                             RMB’000       percentage        RMB’000             percentage
                                                            Unaudited                       Unaudited


     Eastern PRC                                               192,594            36.5%           207,087            34.1%
     Southern PRC                                               73,677            14.0%            97,498            16.1%
     Southwestern PRC                                           52,118             9.9%            72,233            11.9%
     Central PRC                                                56,582            10.7%            53,687             8.9%
     Northern PRC                                               60,526            11.5%            71,242            11.7%
     Northwestern PRC                                           59,160            11.2%            71,185            11.7%
     Northeastern PRC                                           32,469             6.2%            33,639             5.6%


     Total                                                     527,126           100.0%           606,571           100.0%


     During the Reporting Period, the revenue contribution from customers of the Group in Eastern PRC, Central PRC and
     Northeastern PRC increased, primarily due to the Group’s proactive response to market conditions, its ongoing expansion
     of customer reach and its efforts to advance its business footprint.


     AUTOMOBILE-RELATED BUSINESSES
     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s revenue from automobile-related business increased by 32.8% from RMB103.6
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB137.6 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily
     due to an increase in the revenue of the Group’s automobile operating lease during the Reporting Period.


     OUTRIGHT CAR SALES BUSINESS
     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the Group’s outright car sales business increased by 63.7% from RMB59.0
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB96.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, mainly due
     to the gradual maturity of the Group’s outright car sales business model and the increased sales during the Reporting
     Period.


     COST OF REVENUE
     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s cost of revenue increased by 0.2% from RMB538.3 million for the six months
     ended 30 June 2025 to RMB539.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, representing a slight year-on-year
     increase in cost of revenue with minimal fluctuations.




16   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Gross profit and gross profit margin
                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                              2026                            2025
                                                                    Gross profit                   Gross profit
                                                       RMB’000           margin        RMB’000         margin
                                                      Unaudited                       Unaudited


Automobile retail and finance                            185,130            35.1%           208,697            34.4%
Automobile-related businesses                             34,386            25.0%            20,429            19.7%
Outright car sales business                                2,591             2.7%             1,748             3.0%


Total                                                    222,107            29.2%           230,874            30.0%


During the Reporting Period, the Group’s gross profit decreased by 3.8% from RMB230.9 million for the six months
ended 30 June 2025 to RMB222.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily due to the decrease in gross
profit under the automobile retail and finance during the Reporting Period.

During the Reporting Period and the same period in 2025, the Group’s consolidated gross profit margin was 29.2% and
30.0% respectively, remaining basically unchanged.

Selling and marketing expenses
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s selling and marketing expenses increased by 4.1% from RMB57.9 million for
the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB60.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily due to, during
the Reporting Period, the Group’s increased investment in marketing, including advertising and promotional activities,
with a view to strategically positioning itself in the market.

Administrative expenses
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s administrative expenses decreased by 5.6% from RMB60.6 million for the six
months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB57.2 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily due to the Group’s
administrative cost control measures during the Reporting Period.

Research and development expenses
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s research and development expenses amounted to RMB0.4 million, basically in
line with RMB0.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025.

Other income/losses, net
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s other income/losses, net decreased from a net gain of RMB6.4 million for the
six months ended 30 June 2025 to a net loss of RMB3.8 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily due to
the decrease in the Group’s value-added tax refund income during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                              Interim Report 2026        17
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Finance cost, net
     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s finance cost, net decreased by 6.6% from RMB86.8 million for the six months
     ended 30 June 2025 to RMB81.1 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, primarily due to the decrease in the
     Group’s borrowing and financing costs during the Reporting Period.

     Income tax expense
     During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded income tax expense of RMB1.7 million for the six months ended 30
     June 2026, representing a decrease from RMB5.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2025, mainly due to the
     decrease in the Group’s income tax expense during the Reporting Period as the Group qualified for the relevant national
     preferential tax policies and was subject to a lower corporate income tax rate.

     Profit for the period
     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s profit for the period decreased by 22.7% from RMB22.6 million for the six
     months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB17.4 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, mainly due to the impact of
     market conditions in the sector, which led to a contraction in end-user demand, resulting in a year-on-year decline in the
     Group’s interim results in the Reporting Period.

     Profit for the period attributable to owners of the company
     As a result of the foregoing, the profit attributable to owners of the Company decreased by 22.0% from RMB22.5
     million for the six months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB17.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026.


     INVENTORY MANAGEMENT

     The Group’s inventories consist of new and repossessed automobiles and vehicle telematics equipment. As at 30 June
     2026, the Group’s net inventories amounted to approximately RMB154.6 million, representing a decrease of RMB100.4
     million from RMB255.0 million as at 31 December 2025, mainly due to the decrease in the Group’s inventory amount
     for the procurement of new automobiles.

     The Group monitors our inventories from time to time and strives to maintain an optimal inventory level of automobiles.
     The Group keeps a moving record of our inventory levels with the aid of our IT systems and physical records. We
     conduct daily inspection of the physical condition of our inventories and monthly physical inventory stocktake to ensure
     the accuracy of our inventory record.




18   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES AND POLICIES ON IMPAIRMENT OF FINANCE LEASE
RECEIVABLES

Our finance lease receivables mainly include receivables from the automotive finance leasing business. The gross finance
lease receivables include the interest and principal that we expect to receive from our customers under the finance lease
contract. Finance lease receivables, net represent the gross amount of finance lease receivables minus unearned finance
income to be recognized during the lease term.

The overall position of the Group’s finance lease receivables, net as at the dates indicated is as follows:

                                                             As at 30 June 2026                As at 31 December 2025
                                                             Finance                               Finance
                                                                lease                                 lease
                                                         receivables,                          receivables,
Period                                                            net     percentage                    net    percentage
                                                            RMB’000                              RMB’000
                                                          Unaudited                               Audited


Within one year                                              790,982             43.0%            796,680         41.8%
Between one and two years                                    542,816             29.5%            557,361         29.3%
Between two and five years                                   506,207             27.5%            550,476         28.9%


                                                           1,840,005            100.0%          1,904,517        100.0%


As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s net finance lease receivables amounted to RMB1,840.0 million, representing a decrease
of 3.4% as compared with that as at 31 December 2025. The Group’s finance lease receivables involved 31,508
contracts (involving 31,377 borrowers). The net finance lease receivables due within one year represent the net finance
lease receivables to be received by the Group within one year from the date indicated. As at 30 June 2026, our net
finance lease receivables due within one year accounted for 43.0% of the Group’s net finance lease receivables, which
was substantially close to the proportion as at 31 December 2025.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026    19
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     The following table sets forth the breakdown of our net finance lease receivables by geographical location as at the
     dates indicated:

                                                             As at 30 June 2026              As at 31 December 2025
                                                             Finance                             Finance
                                                                lease                               lease
                                                         receivables,                        receivables,
     Geographical location of customers                           net     percentage                  net    percentage
                                                            RMB’000                            RMB’000
                                                          Unaudited                             Audited


     Eastern PRC                                             900,924            49.0%          905,803            47.6%
     Southern PRC                                            218,648            11.9%          239,108            12.6%
     Southwestern PRC                                        157,390             8.6%          173,887             9.1%
     Central PRC                                             138,050             7.5%          143,295             7.5%
     Northern PRC                                            170,871             9.3%          182,557             9.6%
     Northwestern PRC                                        166,189             9.0%          173,287             9.1%
     Northeastern PRC                                         87,933             4.7%           86,580             4.5%


     Total                                                 1,840,005           100.0%         1,904,517          100.0%




20   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The following table sets forth the finance lease receivables, net, the past due net finance lease receivables and the
corresponding past due ratios, provision for credit loss and corresponding coverage ratios as at the dates indicated:

                                                                                                                 As at                           As at
                                                                                                               30 June                    31 December
                                                                                                                  2026                           2025
                                                                                                              RMB’000                         RMB’000
                                                                                                             Unaudited                         Audited


Finance lease receivables, net                                                                                1,840,005                       1,904,517

Allowance for impairment of finance lease receivables                                                             18,853                          18,208
Allowance to net finance lease receivables ratio (Note 1)                                                          1.0%                            1.0%

Past due net finance lease receivables
Over one month                                                                                                    34,949                          35,349
Over three months                                                                                                 16,292                          15,938
Over six months                                                                                                    8,094                           6,757
Over one year                                                                                                      3,834                           3,014

Past due ratio (Note 2)
Over one month                                                                                                      1.9%                            1.9%
Over three months                                                                                                   0.9%                            0.8%
Over six months                                                                                                     0.4%                            0.4%
Over one year                                                                                                       0.2%                            0.2%

Past due coverage ratio (Note 3)
Over one month                                                                                                    53.9%                           51.5%
Over three months                                                                                                115.7%                          114.2%
Over six months                                                                                                  232.9%                          269.5%
Over one year                                                                                                    491.7%                          604.1%

Notes:

1.       Represents allowance for impairment of finance lease receivables as at the end of that corresponding year/period divided by net finance lease
         receivables as at the end of that corresponding year/period.

2.       Represents past due net finance lease receivables as at the end of that corresponding year/period divided by total net finance lease receivables as
         at the end of the corresponding year/period.

3.       Represents allowance for impairment of finance lease receivables as at the end of that corresponding year/period divided by past due net finance
         lease receivables as at the end of that corresponding year/period.




                                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026               21
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     We actively monitor historical past-due ratios and continuously improve our data analytics capabilities, as well as
     execute post-lease management and loss recovery measures through our automobile monitoring platform and our
     patent-protected GPS tracking devices installed on all the automobiles leased by us. Therefore, our past-due ratios
     remained at a relatively low level. As at 30 June 2026, our over-three-month past-due ratio, over-six-month past-due
     ratio and over-one-year past-due ratio were all below 1%.

     We recognise the impairment of finance lease receivables by applying the simplified approach permitted by IFRS 9, which
     requires expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables. The impairment losses
     provided for finance lease receivables are determined based on historically observed default rates over the expected life
     of finance lease receivables with similar credit risk characteristics and are adjusted for forward-looking estimates.

     As at 30 June 2026, the provision ratio of the Group’s net finance lease receivables was 1%, remaining relatively stable
     as compared to that as at 31 December 2025. Our over three months past due coverage ratio was 115.7% as at 30
     June 2026, representing a slight increase compared to that as at 31 December 2025. Over six months and over one year
     past due coverage ratio as at 30 June 2026 decreased compared to that as at 31 December 2025, primarily due to the
     Group’s active monitoring on and continuous improvement in loss recovery measures.


     INTERNAL CONTROLS

     We have developed risk management and internal monitoring systems to address the risks we are exposed to. In
     particular, we have developed corresponding risk management policies based on the management characteristics of
     automotive finance leasing business.


     RISK MANAGEMENT POLICY

     The credit risk management system of the Group is divided into pre-lease and post-lease credit risk management.

     Pre-lease credit assessment and approval process:
     During our credit assessment and approval process for our automobile retail and finance business, we generally consider
     both (i) qualitative factors, which may include age, location, driving penalty records, credit history and litigation records;
     (ii) quantitative factors, which may include the proposed principal amount of the lease transaction, value of the personal
     assets and personal income level.

     We generally require potential finance lease customers to fulfil our preliminary requirements, including (i) holding a
     valid PRC identity card; (ii) holding a valid PRC driving license (with less than 12 points deducted); (iii) aged between 18
     and 60 years old (inclusive). The Group may also require them to produce (i) property ownership certificate; (ii) business
     registration certificate (for corporate customers); and/or (iii) proof of employment and salary records of the last six
     months.




22   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


If the potential customers have satisfied the above preliminary requirements, the Group will perform credit assessment
based on their information such as checking their name, identity card number and mobile phone number against
the Group’s self-maintained database as well as the third party databases. Our risk management system allows a
bilateral flow of statistics and data between our management systems for pre-credit risk and post-credit risk, which is
conducive to the improvement of our future credit risk analysis model. Leveraging our data analytics capabilities, we are
able to complete the credit assessment and approval within a relatively short period of time to maintain the Group’s
competitiveness.

During the above process, the Group’s sales staff maintains close communication with the customer in order to complete
the necessary manual evaluation process.

After the assessments, we will notify our customers of the assessment results. Before execution of the agreements, we
will conduct face-to-face interviews with our customers in order to verify their identity and to ensure that our customers
understand the terms and conditions of the agreements. Our customers are then required to settle the initial payment
and execute the agreements and other necessary documents. The customers’ information will be recorded into our ERP
system at the same time.

Before the automobile handover, we will ensure that our GPS tracking devices preinstalled on the leased automobiles
function properly. After completion of the standard procedures, we will hand over the leased automobiles to our
customers.

Post-lease credit risk management:
After the automobile handover, the Group will monitor customers’ periodic payments and automobile activities. We
monitor the status of the leased automobiles through the GPS tracking devices preinstalled and/or our automobile
monitoring platform from time to time. Our customer service department usually sends payment reminders through our
management system three to five days before the due date of the respective payment, mostly through text messages to
our customers.

Our finance department checks and monitors the collection of payments from our customers on a daily basis and inputs
the payment records into our ERP system. If any payment default or delinquency in payment arises, our customer service
department will continue to send out reminders to these customers.

Generally, if (i) any payment is overdue for over 35 days despite our repeated reminders; or (ii) any irregular activity
(such as abnormal trajectory or vanishing GPS signal) is observed for at least three days on our automobile monitoring
platform, we may exercise our right to repossess the automobile directly.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026        23
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     After the repossession, our technical department will check and remove any GPS tracking devices not installed by us to
     avoid any potential tracking and theft of the automobiles by the defaulting customers. Our legal department will also
     implement other necessary legal measures permitted by law. In the case where our customers are unable to continue
     with the due performance of the contracts or we cannot get in touch with our customers by all reasonable means, we
     will terminate the relevant contracts.

     If the repossessed automobiles do not meet the normal safety requirements or driving conditions, they will be sent to
     third party automobile service workshops for repair, in order to be sold under finance lease or operated as operating
     lease vehicles. Automobiles with severe accident histories, the repair cost of which is significantly higher than one-off
     selling price, will be disposed of directly through one-off sales.


     CAPITAL MANAGEMENT

     The Group regularly reviews and manages our capital structure to maintain a balance between debt financing and equity
     financing and makes adjustments to the capital structure in light of changes in economic conditions. The Group monitors
     our capital on the basis of the gearing ratio.

     The Group manages our capital to ensure that our group companies can repay or refinance debts when they fall due
     and comply with all the applicable laws and regulations while maximising the return to Shareholders through balancing
     our debt financing and equity financing. The Group strives to balance the objectives of matching the cash inflow of our
     customers’ automobile finance lease with the cash outflow of our borrowings and growing our business.

                                                                                                 As at                 As at
                                                                                               30 June          31 December
                                                                                                  2026                 2025
                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                             Unaudited               Audited


     Borrowings                                                                               2,593,107            2,787,412
     Lease liabilities                                                                           10,480               12,457
     Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                           (436,201)            (371,839)
     Net debt                                                                                 2,167,386            2,428,030
     Total equity                                                                             1,130,680              877,941
     Total capital                                                                            3,298,066            3,305,971
     Gearing ratio (Note)                                                                        65.7%                73.4%

     Note:   Gearing ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital.


     As at 30 June 2026, our gearing ratio decreased to 65.7% from 73.4% as at 31 December 2025, mainly due to the
     increase in the Group’s total equity resulting from the issue of top-up shares of the Group and the decrease in the net
     debt.




24   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


NET CURRENT ASSETS

The following table sets out current assets and current liabilities:

                                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                                     30 June          31 December
                                                                                        2026                 2025
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                   Unaudited               Audited


Current assets
Inventories                                                                           154,617              254,955
Finance lease receivables                                                             776,062              782,548
Trade receivables                                                                      23,975               75,723
Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                           569,219              493,848
Restricted cash                                                                         7,460                3,900
Cash and cash equivalents                                                             436,201              371,839
Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss                          6,471                    –


Total current assets                                                                1,974,005            1,982,813


Current liabilities
Borrowings                                                                          1,274,498            1,464,388
Trade payables                                                                         19,924               42,693
Other payables and accruals                                                           134,354               83,935
Lease liabilities                                                                       6,115                6,674
Current income tax payable                                                              7,532               18,522


Total current liabilities                                                           1,442,423            1,616,212


Net current assets                                                                    531,582              366,601


As at 30 June 2026, the Group’s net current assets increased to RMB531.6 million from RMB366.6 million as at 31
December 2025, mainly due to the increase in current assets such as prepayments, deposits and other receivables and
the decrease in current liabilities such as borrowings during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                            Interim Report 2026       25
     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURE

     The Group’s subsidiaries primarily operate in the PRC and the majority of the Group’s revenue and expenditures are
     denominated in RMB. For the Reporting Period, the Group did not encounter significant foreign currency risk from its
     operations and did not hedge against any fluctuation in foreign currency.


     TREASURY POLICY
     The Group adopts a prudent financial management approach for its treasury policy to ensure that the Group’s liquidity
     structure comprising assets, liabilities and other commitments is able to always meet its capital requirements.


     CAPITAL EXPENDITURES

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s capital expenditures increased by 96.0% from RMB195.2 million for the six
     months ended 30 June 2025 to RMB382.5 million for the six months ended 30 June 2026, mainly due to the Group’s
     acquisition of 51% equity interest in Fujian Xidun held by Fujian Taikun Investment Co., Ltd.* during the Reporting
     Period, and the inclusion of Fujian Xidun in the consolidated statements of the Group after the acquisition, resulting in
     an increase in the capital expenditures of the Group as a whole.


     CHARGES ON ASSETS

     The Group’s borrowings are secured by certain assets as collateral for our borrowings. As at 30 June 2026, the secured
     assets involved in the Group’s borrowings increased to RMB2,474.6 million from RMB2,419.5 million as at 31 December
     2025. Of which, (1) as at 30 June 2026, the secured property and equipment increased to RMB546.5 million from
     RMB504.4 million as at 31 December 2025; (2) secured borrowings deposit decreased to RMB35.7 million from RMB39.7
     million as at 31 December 2025; (3) secured inventory increased to RMB102.1 million from RMB93.1 million as at 31
     December 2025; and (4) secured finance lease receivables increased to RMB1,790.4 million from RMB1,782.3 million as
     at 31 December 2025.


     S I G N I F I C A NT IN V ES T MEN TS HELD AND FUTURE PLANS FOR M ATERIA L
     INVESTMENTS OR CAPITAL ASSETS

     The Group did not have any significant investments and future plans for material investments or capital assets as at 30
     June 2026.




26   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, JOINT VENTURES
AND ASSOCIATES

On 6 May 2026, the Group paid a consideration of RMB6.4 million to Ningde Transport Investment Group Company
Limited (寧德市交通投資集團有限公司) to acquire the remaining 49% equity interest in Fujian ZyooCar Technology Co.,
Ltd. (福建自在出行科技有限公司).

On 9 May 2026, the Group entered into an equity transfer agreement with Fujian Taikun Investment Co., Ltd. (福建泰
鯤投資有限公司), to acquire its remaining 51% equity interest in Fujian Xidun for a consideration of RMB51.0 million,
payable in six instalments from the effective date of the agreement. The acquisition was completed during the Reporting
Period, following which Fujian Xidun became an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company and its financial
results were consolidated into those of the Group. During the Reporting Period, the Group paid RMB17.0 million of the
consideration for equity transfer.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

The Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026.


FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The Group did not have any outstanding hedge contracts or financial derivative instruments as at 30 June 2026.




                                                                                               Interim Report 2026        27
     OTHER INFORMATION


     CHANGES OF INFORMATION IN RELATION TO THE DIRECTORS

     Changes in the information of the Directors are set out below:

     With effect from 11 February 2026, Mr. Fung Che Wai, Anthony resigned as an independent non-executive director of
     Dekon Food and Agriculture Group (四川德康農牧食品集團股份有限公司), a livestock and poultry breeding and farming
     enterprise incorporated in the PRC and listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2419), where he
     was mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the board.

     With effect from 27 March 2026, Mr. Wu Fei resigned as an independent non-executive director of New Hope Dairy Co.,
     Ltd. (新希望乳業股份有限公司), a dairy products manufacturer and seller listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock
     code: 002946), where he was mainly responsible for supervising and providing independent advice to the board.

     With effect from 10 August 2026, Mr. Fung Che Wai, Anthony was appointed as an independent non-executive director
     of Deepexi Technology Co., Ltd. (滴普科技股份有限公司), an enterprise large model AI application solution provider
     listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1384), where he was mainly responsible for supervising and
     providing independent advice to the board.

     Save as disclosed above, there was no change to any information required to be disclosed in relation to any Director
     pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules from 31 December 2025.


     EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

     As at 30 June 2026, the Group employed 1,158 employees, among which 1,152 employees were based in Chinese
     Mainland and 6 employees were based in Hong Kong.

     The employee benefit expenses of the Group, including Directors’ remuneration, was approximately RMB73.4 million for
     the six months ended 30 June 2026, as compared to approximately RMB76.5 million for the six months ended 30 June
     2025. The remuneration package of employees generally includes salary and year-end bonus, as well as share incentive
     for our key management personnel. The Group also offers performance bonus subject to regular performance appraisals.
     In general, the Group determines the remuneration package based on the qualifications, position and performance of
     its employees. The Group also makes contributions to statutory social insurance fund and housing provident fund as
     applicable.

     The Group has developed a systematic training system comprising an e-learning platform, internal seminars and
     management trainings to improve the essential work-related skills of our employees. We also cooperate with other
     external institutions to host trainings and facilitate industry exchange. We have established an internal training
     programme which serves to improve and standardize the training activities and system for our employees. We have also
     implemented a set of security training policy in respect of personal data protection, which stipulates that regular training
     on a quarterly basis should be provided for all employees as a reminder and update on personal data protection and all
     new employees are strictly required to understand the policy on the collection and protection of personal data.

     In addition, the Company has adopted the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Share Option Scheme. Please refer to
     the paragraphs headed “Statutory and General Information-D. Other Information-2. Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme” and
     “Statutory and General Information-D. Other Information-1. Share Option Scheme” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus for
     further details.


28   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION


INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF THE DIRECTORS AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE IN
SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

As at 30 June 2026, the interests and short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company
or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) held by the Directors and chief executive
of the Company which have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which were taken or deemed to have taken under such
provisions of the SFO) or have been entered in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the
SFO, or otherwise have been notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as set out in
Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules were as follows:

Interests in Shares or Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                                Number of              Percentage of
Name of Director/                                                                                               Underlying             Shareholding
Chief Executive                            Capacity                            No. of Shares(1)                    Shares                   Interest(7)


Mr. Huang Wei                              Interest of controlled            282,356,062 (L)(2)                               –                 15.21%
                                              corporations
                                           Beneficial owner                                       –       11,459,700 (L) (3)                      0.62%

Mr. Ye Fuwei                               Interest of controlled                2,863,587 (L)(4)                             –                   0.15%
                                              corporation
                                           Beneficial owner                                       –       11,427,300 (L) (5)                      0.62%

Ms. Zhang Jinghua                          Beneficial owner                                       –         3,000,000 (L) (6)                     0.16%

Notes:

(1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

(2)      Glorypearl Capital Resources Company Limited is beneficially and wholly owned by Mr. Huang Wei. Each of Precious Luck Developments
         Management Limited , Happy Gain Business Developments Limited and Southern Fortune Enterprises Management Limited is indirectly controlled
         by Mr. Huang Wei. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Huang Wei is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Glorypearl Capital Resources Company
         Limited, Precious Luck Developments Management Limited, Happy Gain Business Developments Limited and Southern Fortune Enterprises
         Management Limited.

(3)      Mr. Huang Wei is interested in such underlying Shares of the Company by virtue of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme of the Company. For further
         details, please refer to the section headed “Share Incentive Schemes” below.

(4)      Billion Aspire Holdings Limited is beneficially and wholly owned by Mr. Ye Fuwei. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Ye Fuwei is deemed to be interested in
         the Shares held by Billion Aspire Holdings Limited.

(5)      Mr. Ye Fuwei is interested in such underlying Shares of the Company by virtue of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme of the Company. For further
         details, please refer to the section headed “Share Incentive Schemes” below.

(6)      Ms. Zhang Jinghua is interested in such underlying Shares of the Company by virtue of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme of the Company. For
         further details, please refer to the section headed “Share Incentive Schemes” below.

(7)      The approximate percentages were calculated based on 1,856,250,000 ordinary shares of the Company in issue as at 30 June 2026.




                                                                                                                            Interim Report 2026               29
     OTHER INFORMATION


     Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, none of the Directors or chief executive of the Company had any interests
     or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations
     (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which would be required to be notified to the Company and the Stock
     Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant to Section 352 of
     the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein, or otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
     pursuant to the Model Code.


     INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS OF SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS IN
     SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
     ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

     As at 30 June 2026, so far as is known to the Board, the following persons had interests or short positions in the Shares
     or underlying Shares which would need to be disclosed to the Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part
     XV of the SFO and recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

     Interests in Shares or Underlying Shares of the Company

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                Percentage of
                                                                                                                Shareholding
     Name of Substantial Shareholder             Capacity                       Number of Shares (1)                 Interest(6)


     Mr. Huang Wei                               Interest of controlled             282,356,062 (L) (2)(3)(4)         15.21%
                                                    corporations
                                                 Beneficial owner                    11,459,700 (L) (5)                0.62%
     Glorypearl Capital Resources Company        Beneficial owner                   190,629,882 (L) (2)               10.27%
       Limited




30   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION


Notes:

(1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

(2)      Glorypearl Capital Resources Company Limited is beneficially and wholly owned by Mr. Huang Wei. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Huang Wei is
         deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Glorypearl Capital Resources Company Limited.

(3)      Precious Luck Developments Management Limited is wholly owned by Shanghai Boyu Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership),
         a limited partnership controlled by Fuzhou Weichuang Hongjing Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. as the executive partner and general partner,
         which is owned as to 99% by Mr. Huang Wei and 1% by Fuzhou Zhitong Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership). Shanghai Boyu
         Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) is controlled as to 76.9% by Fuzhou Zhitong Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited
         Partnership) as limited partner. Mr. Huang Wei is also the executive partner and general partner of Fuzhou Zhitong Investment Partnership
         Enterprise (Limited Partnership), therefore Shanghai Boyu Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) is indirectly controlled by
         Mr. Huang Wei. By virtue of the SFO, each of Mr. Huang Wei, Fuzhou Weichuang Hongjing Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., Shanghai Boyu
         Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) and Fuzhou Zhitong Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) is deemed to
         be interested in the Shares held by Precious Luck Developments Management Limited .

(4)      Each of Happy Gain Business Developments Limited and Southern Fortune Enterprises Management Limited directly held 57,271,740 Shares and
         32,453,985 Shares. Happy Gain Business Developments Limited is wholly owned by Shanghai Bo Yu Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited
         Partnership), a limited partnership controlled by Fuzhou Weichuang Xingsheng Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. as the executive partner and
         general partner which is wholly owned by Mr. Huang Wei. Southern Fortune Enterprises Management Limited is wholly owned by Shanghai
         Boyun Enterprise Management Partnership (Limited Partnership), a limited partnership controlled by Fujian Free Trade Zone Pingtan Area Fuyuan
         Investment Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership) as the executive partner and general partner which is in turn controlled by Mr. Huang Wei
         as the executive partner and general partner. By virtue of the SFO, Mr. Huang Wei is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Happy Gain
         Business Developments Limited and Southern Fortune Enterprises Management Limited.

(5)      Mr. Huang Wei is interested in such underlying Shares by virtue of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme of the Company. For further details, please
         refer to the section headed “Share Incentive Schemes” below.

(6)      The approximate percentages were calculated based on 1,856,250,000 ordinary shares of the Company in issue as at 30 June 2026.


Save as disclosed above, as at 30 June 2026, the Directors were not aware of any persons who had an interest or short
position in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company which would need to be disclosed under
Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO, or which would be required, pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO, to be entered
in the register referred to therein.




                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2026               31
     OTHER INFORMATION


     USE OF PROCEEDS

     The Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 9 November 2023. The
     net proceeds from the Global Offering which the Company received, after deducting the underwriting commissions and
     expenses in relation to the Global Offering payable by the Company, was approximately HK$28.8 million. As at the date
     of this report, the proceeds raised by the Company through its listing have been fully utilized in accordance with the use
     of proceeds set out in the Prospectus.

     On 21 April 2026 and 19 May 2026, the Company allotted and issued a total of 309,375,000 top-up shares. The net
     proceeds from the two top-up subscriptions (after deducting all relevant fees, costs and expenses associated with the
     placings and the top-up subscriptions including, but not limited to, placing commissions, legal fees and expenses)
     amounted to approximately HK$276.7 million.

     I.     The First Placing and the Top-up Subscription
            On 13 April 2026 (after trading hours), the Company entered into the placing and subscription agreement (the
            “First Placing and Subscription Agreement”) with Glorypearl Capital Resources Company Limited (明珠資本資
            源有限公司) (the “Seller”, a company wholly owned by Mr. Huang Wei, an executive director, Chairman of the
            Board and chief executive officer of the Company) and the placing agent, Quam Securities Limited (the “Placing
            Agent”), pursuant to which (i) the Seller has agreed to sell, and the Placing Agent has agreed to place, on a best
            effort basis, a total of 154,687,500 existing shares (representing approximately 10.00% of the Company’s issued
            share capital as of the date of the First Placing and Subscription Agreement) to not less than six independent
            placees (who/which are professional, institutional, corporate and/or individual investors) at HK$0.98 per share;
            and (ii) the Seller has conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company has conditionally agreed to allot
            and issue to the Seller, at the same price under the general mandate granted to the Directors at the Company’s
            annual general meeting held on 18 June 2025 (the “2025 General Mandate”), 154,687,500 new shares
            (ordinary shares with a par value of HK$0.0033333333333 per share, with a total par value of approximately
            HK$515,625) (the “First Subscription”), which represent approximately 9.09% of the enlarged issued share
            capital immediately following completion.

            The subscription price for the First Subscription is HK$0.98 per share and represents: (i) a discount of
            approximately 16% to the closing price of HK$1.16 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 13 April
            2026 (i.e. the last trading day prior to the execution of the First Placing and Subscription Agreement); and (ii)
            a discount of approximately 13% to the average closing price of HK$1.13 per share as quoted on the Stock
            Exchange for the last five (5) consecutive trading days immediately prior to and excluding the last trading day (i.e.
            13 April 2026). The net issue price per new share issued under the First Subscription, after deducting all relevant
            fees, costs and expenses incidental to the First Subscription, is approximately HK$0.97.

            The gross proceeds from the First Subscription amounted to approximately HK$151.6 million, with net proceeds
            of approximately HK$150.7 million. The Company intends to use these net proceeds of: (a) approximately
            HK$75.3 million for the purchase of motor vehicles related to and used in the Group’s principal businesses,
            including the procurement of vehicles to be sold or leased to customers under the automobile retail and
            finance business and automobile-related businesses, and the procurement of vehicles to support the continued
            development of the Group’s outright car sales business and overseas business expansion; and (b) approximately
            HK$75.3 million for supplementing the general working capital of the Group’s operating subsidiaries for general
            corporate purposes, including supporting the day-to-day operations and ongoing business development of the
            Group’s principal businesses (of which approximately HK$25.1 million will be used for employee and employee-
            related costs, approximately HK$35.1 million for operating, sales and marketing expenses, and approximately
            HK$15.1 million for taxes and other statutory payments). The Company undertook the First Subscription to
            capitalize on the Group’s business growth opportunities, enhance its vehicle procurement capabilities, and
            strengthen its financial flexibility.

32   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION


      The completion of the Placing took place on 14 April 2026 in accordance with the terms and conditions of
      the First Placing and Subscription Agreement. As all conditions for the First Subscription had been fulfilled,
      the Company, pursuant to the 2025 General Mandate granted to the directors at the Company’s annual
      general meeting, allotted and issued 154,687,500 subscription shares to the Seller (being the sole allottee
      under the First Subscription) on 21 April 2026. None of the placees became a substantial shareholder of the
      Company immediately after the completion of the Placing. For further details, please refer to the Company’s
      announcements dated 13 April 2026 and 21 April 2026.

II.   The Second Placing and the Top-up Subscription
      On 13 May 2026, the Company entered into another placing and subscription agreement (the “Second
      Placing and Subscription Agreement”) with the Seller and the Placing Agent, pursuant to which (i) the Seller
      has agreed to sell, and the Placing Agent has agreed to place, on a best effort basis, a total of 154,687,500
      existing shares (representing approximately 9.09% of the Company’s issued share capital as of the date of
      the Second Placing and Subscription Agreement) to not less than six independent placees (who/which are
      professional, institutional, corporate and/or individual investors) at HK$0.82 per share; and (ii) the Seller has
      conditionally agreed to subscribe for, and the Company has conditionally agreed to allot and issue to the Seller,
      at the same price under the 2025 General Mandate, 154,687,500 new shares (ordinary shares with a par
      value of HK$0.0033333333333 per share, with a total par value of approximately HK$515,625) (the “Second
      Subscription”), which represent approximately 8.33% of the enlarged issued share capital immediately following
      completion. The Company undertook the Second Subscription to further strengthen its capital base, diversify the
      Group’s funding portfolio, reduce the Group’s reliance on debt financing for the purchase of additional vehicles
      to support the continued growth and operational expansion of the Group’s principal businesses, and broaden the
      Company’s shareholder base and capital base.

      The subscription price for the Second Subscription is HK$0.82 per share and represents: (i) a discount of
      approximately 2.38% to the closing price of HK$0.84 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on 13 May
      2026 (i.e. the last trading day prior to the execution of the Second Placing and Subscription Agreement); and (ii)
      a discount of approximately 3.53% to the average closing price of HK$0.85 per share as quoted on the Stock
      Exchange for the last five (5) consecutive trading days immediately prior to and excluding the last trading day
      (i.e. 13 May 2026). The net issue price per new share issued under the Second Subscription, after deducting all
      relevant fees, costs and expenses incidental to the Second Subscription, is approximately HK$0.81. The gross
      proceeds from the Second Subscription amounted to approximately HK$126.8 million, with net proceeds of
      approximately HK$126.1 million. The Company intends to use these net proceeds to purchase additional motor
      vehicles for the Group’s principal businesses and for related purposes, including (a) the procurement of vehicles
      to be sold or leased to customers under the automobile retail and finance business and automobile-related
      businesses of the Group (including new energy vehicle models); and (b) the procurement of vehicles to support
      the continued development of the Group’s outright car sales business and overseas business expansion.

      The completion of the Placing took place on 14 May 2026 in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
      Second Placing and Subscription Agreement. As all conditions for the Second Subscription had been fulfilled,
      the Company, pursuant to the 2025 General Mandate, allotted and issued 154,687,500 subscription shares to
      the Seller (being the sole allottee under the Second Subscription) on 19 May 2026. None of the placees became
      a substantial shareholder of the Company immediately after the completion of the Placing. For further details,
      please refer to the Company’s announcements dated 13 May 2026 and 19 May 2026.

      Following completion of the First Subscription and the Second Subscription, the Company had allotted and issued
      an aggregate of 309,375,000 new shares under the 2025 General Mandate, which had accordingly been fully
      utilized.


                                                                                                Interim Report 2026        33
     OTHER INFORMATION


     III.   Use of Net Proceeds
            As of 30 June 2026, the actual use of the net proceeds from the First Subscription and the Second Subscription
            was consistent with the previously disclosed intended use, and there were no material changes or delays in the
            intended use of such proceeds. As at 30 June 2026, the net proceeds from the First Subscription and the Second
            Subscription were used as follows:

                                                                                    Amounts utilized
                                                                                  during the Reporting                                 Expected timeline for
                                                            Net proceeds from       Period and as of        Amounts unutilized as of   the unutilized net
            Item                                              Subscription(1)        30 June 2026(1)            30 June 2026(1)        proceeds(2)
                                                           HK$’000      RMB’000   HK$’000      RMB’000        HK$’000      RMB’000


            The First Subscription – Purchase of            75,332       66,021     75,332        66,021             –            –    Fully utilized
              automobiles
            The First Subscription – Working capital for    75,332       66,021     33,925        29,338        41,407       36,683    On or before
              general corporate purposes                                                                                                21 April 2027(3)
            The Second Subscription – Purchase of          126,065      110,013      2,224         877(5)     123,841       109,136    On or before
              automobiles                                                                                                                19 May 2027(4)


            Total                                          276,729      242,055    111,481        96,236      165,248       145,819

            Notes:

            Note 1: Except for the amounts described in Note 5 below, the amounts in RMB listed in this table are converted based on the exchange rate
                    applicable at the time of the actual conversion. Due to exchange rate fluctuations and rounding, the amounts in RMB may not be
                    converted to HKD at a uniform rate, and the sum of the individual items may slightly differ from the total.

            Note 2: Before being utilized, any unutilized net proceeds will be kept in short-term interest-bearing deposits at licensed commercial banks in
                    accordance with the Group’s usual treasury practices.

            Note 3: The net proceeds from the First Subscription are expected to be fully utilized within twelve (12) months from the date of completion (21
                    April 2026), that is, on or before 21 April 2027.

            Note 4: The net proceeds from the Second Subscription are expected to be fully utilized within twelve (12) months from the date of completion
                    (19 May 2026), that is, on or before 19 May 2027.

            Note 5: The proceeds from the First Subscription and the Second Subscription allocated for the purchase of automobiles are managed and
                    utilized on a consolidated basis. In order to present the utilization of proceeds from the First Subscription and the Second Subscription
                    separately, the Company, on a first-in, first-out basis, has attributed the amounts utilized for the purchase of automobiles primarily to
                    the First Subscription, and has determined the unutilized amount of the Second Subscription accordingly. This allocation has been made
                    separately in HKD and RMB with reference to the corresponding aggregate amounts previously disclosed, consequently, the amounts
                    presented in HKD and RMB are not directly converted, and the ratio between them does not represent the actual exchange rate applied.




34   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                                                                         OTHER INFORMATION


SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEMES

1.   Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme
     The Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme was approved and adopted by the Company on 9 October 2023. The purpose
     of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme is to enable the Company to grant options to (i) any full-time employee,
     administrative personnel, and senior staff of the Group; (ii) any director (including non-executive director and
     independent non-executive director) of the Group; and any other eligible person who, in the discretion of
     the Board, has made contributions or will make contributions to the Group, as incentives or rewards for their
     contribution or potential contribution to any member of the Group. For more details of the Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme, please refer to “ Statutory and General Information-D. Other Information-2. Pre-IPO Share Option
     Scheme” in Appendix IV to the Prospectus.

     The maximum number of Shares in respect of which options or awards may be granted under the Pre-IPO Share
     Option Scheme is 116,015,625 Shares. No option shall be granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme on or
     after the Listing Date, although provisions of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme will in all other respects remain in
     full force and effect to the extent necessary to give effect to the exercise of any options granted pursuant to the
     Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme prior to the Listing Date, and options granted prior thereto but not yet exercised
     shall continue to be valid and exercisable in accordance with the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.

     The table below shows details of the movements during the Reporting Period in the number of share options
     granted under the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme:

                                                         Outstanding                                       Outstanding
                                             Exercise           as of                                              as of
     Grantees            Date of Grant          price 1 January 2026     Exercised   Cancelled      Lapsed 30 June 2026


     Directors
     Mr. Huang Wei       18 October 2023    HK$0.183     11,459,700(1)          –            –           –    11,459,700
     Mr. Ye Fuwei        18 October 2023    HK$0.183     11,427,300(1)          –            –           –    11,427,300
     Ms. Zhang Jinghua   18 October 2023    HK$0.183      3,000,000(1)          –            –           –     3,000,000


     Sub-total                                            25,887,000                                          25,887,000




                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026       35
     OTHER INFORMATION


                                                                          Outstanding                                                       Outstanding
                                                              Exercise           as of                                                              as of
          Grantees                Date of Grant                  price 1 January 2026           Exercised        Cancelled           Lapsed 30 June 2026


          Connected persons
          Ms. Ye Ying             18 October 2023           HK$0.183          5,400,000(1)                –                –                –       5,400,000
          Mr. Qiu Guohu           18 October 2023           HK$0.183          2,400,000(1)                –                –                –       2,400,000
          Mr. Ye Song             18 October 2023           HK$0.183          1,800,000(1)                –                –                –       1,800,000
          Mr. He Xiaowu           18 October 2023           HK$0.183            450,000(1)                –                –                –         450,000
          Mr. Yang Jiabin         18 October 2023           HK$0.183            600,000(1)                –                –                –         600,000


          Sub-total                                                           10,650,000                                                          10,650,000


          Employees in
            aggregate
          158 employees           18 October 2023           HK$0.183         63,690,000 (1)               –                –     4,200,000 (2)    59,490,000


          Sub-total                                                           63,690,000                                                          59,490,000


          Total                                                              100,227,000                                                          96,027,000

          Notes:

          (1)      The exercise period of the options granted to the grantees shall be five years from the respective vesting date of the relevant options.
                   The options granted to the grantees were or will be vested in the grantee in the following manners and in accordance with the following
                   vesting schedule provided that the vesting conditions determined by the Board are satisfied in the relevant financial year: (i) 20% of
                   the total number of the share options granted were vested in the financial year of the Listing Date; (ii) 20% of the total number of the
                   share options granted were vested in the financial year immediately following the Listing Date; (iii) 20% of the total number of the share
                   options granted were be vested in the second financial year after the Listing Date; (iv) 20% of the total number of the share options
                   granted will be vested in the third financial year after the Listing Date; and (v) 20% of the total number of the share options granted will
                   be vested in the fourth financial year after the Listing Date.

          (2)      These options lapsed automatically and became unexercisable in accordance with the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme due to
                   the cessation of employment of the relevant employees during the Reporting Period.


          Save as disclosed above, no other options have been granted or agreed to be granted by the Company under the
          Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme.




36   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                                                                      OTHER INFORMATION


2.   Share Option Scheme
     The Company conditionally approved and adopted the Share Option Scheme on 9 October 2023, which became
     effective upon the Listing Date. Since the Listing Date and up to 30 June 2026, no options have been granted or
     agreed to be granted under the Share Option Scheme. The principal terms of the Share Option Scheme are set
     out as follows.


     (a)   Purpose
           The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to recognize and acknowledge the contributions that the
           Eligible Participants (as defined below) had or may have made to the Group. The Share Option Scheme
           will provide the Eligible Participants an opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company with the view
           to achieving the following objectives: (i) motivate the Eligible Participants to optimize their performance
           efficiency for the benefit of the Group; and (ii) attract and retain or otherwise maintain an on-going
           business relationship with the Eligible Participants whose contributions are or will be beneficial to the
           long-term growth of the Group.


     (b)   Who may join
           The Board may, at its discretion, offer to grant an option to the following persons (collectively the“ Eligible
           Participants”) to subscribe for such number of new Shares as the Board may determine at an exercise price
           determined in accordance with the rules of the Share Option Scheme:

           (i)     any full-time or part-time employees, executives or officers of the Company or any of its
                   subsidiaries;

           (ii)    any directors (including non-executive directors and independent non-executive directors) of the
                   Company or any of its subsidiaries; and

           (iii)   any advisers, consultants, suppliers, distributors and such other persons who provide services to
                   the Company and/or any of its subsidiaries on a continuing and recurring basis in the ordinary
                   and usual course of business of the Group, the grant of options to whom is in the interests of the
                   long term growth of the Group, but excluding (i) placing agents or financial advisers providing
                   advisory services for fundraising, mergers or acquisitions of the Company or its subsidiaries, and (ii)
                   professional service providers who provide assurance or are required to perform their services with
                   impartiality and objectivity (“Service Providers”).




                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026         37
     OTHER INFORMATION


          (c)   Maximum number of Shares
                The maximum number of Shares in respect of which all options which may be granted under the Share
                Option Scheme and all share options and share awards under any other share schemes of the Company
                must not in aggregate exceed 10% of the total number of Shares in issue immediately following
                completion of the Global Offering “( Scheme Mandate Limit”). As the Company’s Share subdivision took
                effect on 5 December 2024, the Scheme Mandate Limit of the Shares was adjusted to 10% of the total
                number of Shares in issue immediately following completion of the Share subdivision, being 154,687,500
                Shares, representing approximately 8.3% of the total number of Shares in issue as of the date of this
                report. The number of options and awards available for grant under the Scheme Mandate Limit was
                154,687,500 as at 1 January 2026 and 154,687,500 as at 30 June 2026. Subject to the foregoing, the
                total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued in respect of all options to be granted under the
                Share Option Scheme and under any other share option schemes of the Company to the Service Providers
                shall be within the Scheme Mandate Limit and must not in aggregate exceed 1% of Shares in issue
                immediately after completion of the Global Offering “( Service Provider Sublimit”). As the Company’s Share
                subdivision took effect on 5 December 2024, the Service Provider Sublimit of the Shares was adjusted to
                1% of the total number of Shares in issue immediately following completion of the Share subdivision,
                being 15,468,750 Shares, representing approximately 0.8% of the total number of Shares in issue as of
                the date of this report. As at 1 January 2026 and 30 June 2026, both numbers of options and awards
                available for grant under the Service Provider Sublimit were 15,468,750.


          (d)   Maximum entitlement of each participant
                The total number of Shares issued and which may fall to be issued upon exercise of all options granted
                under the Share Option Scheme and all share options and share awards granted under any other share
                schemes of the Company (including both exercised and outstanding share options and share awards) to
                each Eligible Participant in any 12-month period up to the date of grant shall not exceed 1% of the Shares
                in issue as at the date of grant. Any further grant of options in excess of this 1% limit shall be subject to
                the relevant requirements pursuant to the Listing Rules.


          (e)   Acceptance of option
                An option shall be deemed to have been granted and accepted by the grantee and to have taken effect
                when the duplicate offer document constituting acceptances of the options duly signed by the grantee,
                together with a remittance or payment in favour of the Company of RMB1.00 by way of consideration for
                the grant thereof, is received by the Company on or before the relevant acceptance date, which shall be
                not later than 14 days after the offer date. To the extent that the offer to grant an option is not accepted
                by any prescribed acceptance date, it shall be deemed to have been irrevocably declined.




38   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                                                                          OTHER INFORMATION


       (f)    Exercise of option
              An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time after
              the date upon which the option is deemed to be granted and accepted and prior to the expiry of 10 years
              from that date. The period during which an option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its
              absolute discretion, save that no option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted.


       (g)    Vesting period
              The vesting period of an option shall be determined by the Board and in any case, shall not be less than
              12 months. A shorter vesting period may be granted to directors and employees of the Company or any of
              its subsidiaries (including persons who are granted options or awards under the scheme as an inducement
              to enter into employment contracts with these companies) at the discretion of the Board in certain
              circumstances as provided under the rules of the Share Option Scheme.


       (h)    Exercise price
              The subscription price of a Share in respect of any particular option granted under the Share Option
              Scheme shall be such price as the Board in its absolute discretion shall determine, save that such price
              must be at least the higher of: (i) the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s
              daily quotation sheets on the date of grant, which must be a day on which the Stock Exchange is open for
              the business of dealing in securities; (ii) the average of the official closing prices of the Shares as stated in
              the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five Business Days immediately preceding the date of
              grant; and (iii) the nominal value of a Share.


       (i)    Period and remaining life of the Share Option Scheme
              Subject to earlier termination by the Company in general meeting or by the Board, the Share Option
              Scheme shall be valid and effective for a period of 10 years from the date of its adoption (i.e. the Listing
              Date). No option may be granted under the Share Option Scheme after 10 years from the Listing Date.


INTERIM DIVIDEND

The Board does not recommend the payment of any interim dividend for the six months ended 30 June 2026 (for the
same period of 2025: Nil).


CONVERTIBLE SECURITIES, OPTIONS, WARRANTS AND SIMILAR RIGHTS

Save as disclosed in the section headed “ Share Incentive Schemes” in this interim report, the Company had no
outstanding convertible securities, options, warrants and similar rights during the Reporting Period and there was no
issue or grant of any convertible securities, options, warrants and similar rights during the Reporting Period.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
(including treasury shares (as defined under the Listing Rules)) during the Reporting Period. As at the date of the report,
no treasury shares were held by the Company.




                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026          39
     OTHER INFORMATION


     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Board, the Board
     confirms that the Company has maintained the public float as required under the Listing Rules as at the date of the
     report.


     DIRECTORS’ RIGHTS TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     Save for the section headed“ Share Incentive Schemes” in this interim report, at no time during the Reporting Period was
     the Company or any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, a party to any arrangement that would
     enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of acquisition of the shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any
     other body corporate, and none of the Directors or any of their spouses or children under the age of 18 were granted
     any right to subscribe for the equity or debt securities of the Company or any other body corporate or had exercised any
     such right.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

     The Company strives to maintain high standards of corporate governance to safeguard the interests of its Shareholders
     and to enhance corporate value and accountability.

     During the Reporting Period, the Company had complied with all the applicable code provisions of the Corporate
     Governance Code, except as expressly described below.

     Pursuant to Code Provision C.2.1 of the Corporate Governance Code, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer
     should be separate and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Huang Wei is the chairman and chief
     executive officer of the Group. In view of the fact that Mr. Huang has been assuming day-to-day responsibilities in
     operating and managing the Group since September 2007, the Board believes that it is in the best interest of the Group
     to have Mr. Huang taking up both roles for effective management and business development. Therefore, the Directors
     consider that the deviation from Corporate Governance Code provision C.2.1 is appropriate in such circumstance.
     Notwithstanding the above, the Board is of the view that this management structure is effective for the Group’s
     operations and sufficient checks and balances are in place.

     The Company will continue to review and enhance its corporate governance practices to ensure compliance with the
     Corporate Governance Code.


     SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS BY DIRECTORS

     The Company has adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
     regarding securities transactions by the Directors and the relevant employees. Having made specific enquiry of all
     Directors, all of them have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code for the Reporting Period.




40   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                                                                       OTHER INFORMATION


SUBSEQUENT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

As at the date of this report, except for the matters below, the Group had no other material event after the Reporting
Period.

On 9 July 2026, Xixiangfeng Finance Lease Group Co., Ltd.* (喜相逢融資租賃集團有限公司), an indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary of the Company, as a lessee, entered into a sale and leaseback agreement with Suyin Financial Leasing Co.,
Ltd.* (蘇銀金融租賃股份有限公司), as a lessor, pursuant to which it agreed to transfer certain automobiles to the lessor
at an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB2.5 million and lease back such automobiles for a period of three
months at an aggregate total rent of approximately RMB2.6 million. Please refer to the Company’s announcements
dated 9 July 2026 and 14 July 2026 for details.

On 4 August 2026, the Company entered into a sale and purchase agreement conditionally to acquire the entire issued
share capital of PAGAC NTS Limited, at the total consideration of HK$150.0 million, which shall be satisfied by the
allotment and issue of 380,000,000 consideration shares at the issue price of HK$0.3947 per share under a specific
mandate (the“ Proposed Acquisition”). Upon completion of the Proposed Acquisition, the Group will indirectly hold
approximately 94.94% effective economic and voting interest in Xinqite Automobile Service Company Limited (新奇特車
業服務股份有限公司).

The Proposed Acquisition constitutes a disclosable transaction under the Listing Rules and is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of certain conditions precedent, including the Shareholders’ approval of the sale and purchase agreement, the
transactions contemplated thereunder and the specific mandate and the approval by the Stock Exchange for the listing
of and permission to deal in the consideration shares. As at the date of this report, the Proposed Acquisition has not
been completed and may or may not proceed. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 4 August 2026 for
details.

On 19 August 2026, Xixiangfeng Finance Lease Group Co., Ltd.* (喜相逢融資租賃集團有限公司), an indirect wholly-
owned subsidiary of the Company, and/or certain of its subsidiaries, as lessees, entered into sale and leaseback
agreements with Volkswagen Finance (China) Co., Ltd.* (大眾汽車金融(中國)有限公司), as lessor, pursuant to which
(i) the lessees agreed to transfer certain automobiles to the lessor at an aggregate total consideration of approximately
RMB4.7 million; and (ii) the lessees agreed to lease back such automobiles for a lease period of 48 months at an
aggregate total rent of approximately RMB5.1 million. Please refer to the Company’s announcement dated 19 August
2026 and the Company’s circular dated 7 September 2026 for details.

AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established the Audit Committee with written terms of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules
and the Corporate Governance Code. The Audit Committee consists of Mr. Fung Che Wai, Anthony, Mr. Wu Fei and
Mr. Chen Shuo, with Mr. Fung Che Wai, Anthony serving as the chairman. The primary duties of the Audit Committee
are to assist the Board by providing an independent view of the effectiveness of the financial reporting system, internal
control and risk management systems of the Group, overseeing the audit process, developing and reviewing the Group’s
policies, and performing other duties and responsibilities as assigned by the Board.

The interim results have not been reviewed by external auditors. The Audit Committee has jointly reviewed with
the management, the interim results for the Reporting Period, the accounting principles and policies adopted by
the Company and discussed internal control and financial reporting matters (including the review of the unaudited
consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months ended 30 June 2026) of the Group. The Audit
Committee considered that the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Group are in compliance with the
applicable accounting standards, the Listing Rules and all other applicable legal requirements. Accordingly, the Audit
Committee recommended the Board to approve the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six
months ended 30 June 2026.



                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026        41
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                          For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                      2026             2025
                                                                   Note          RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                               Unaudited          Unaudited


     Revenue                                                        6            761,264            769,151
     Cost of revenue                                                9           (539,157)          (538,277)


     Gross profit                                                                222,107           230,874
     Selling and marketing expenses                                 9            (60,225)          (57,867)
     Administrative expenses                                        9            (57,153)          (60,553)
     Research and development expenses                              9               (370)             (422)
     Provision for credit loss                                                        67            (3,642)
     Gains/(losses) from changes in the fair value of financial
       instruments measured at fair value through profit or loss   16               (323)                 –
     Other income, net                                             7               2,471              9,512
     Other losses, net                                             8              (6,224)            (3,084)


     Operating profit                                                            100,350           114,818
     Finance income                                                                1,150               929
     Finance cost                                                                (82,215)          (87,751)
     Finance cost, net                                             10            (81,065)          (86,822)


     Share of profit of investment accounted for using
       the equity method                                                            (159)               (76)


     Profit before income tax                                                     19,126            27,920
     Income tax expenses                                           11             (1,685)           (5,350)


     Profit for the period                                                        17,441            22,570


     Profit/(loss) attributable to:
     – Owners of the Company                                                      17,539            22,486
     – Non-controlling interests                                                     (98)               84


                                                                                  17,441            22,570




42   XXF Group Holdings Limited
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                            For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                            2026             2025
                                                                     Note              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                     Unaudited          Unaudited


Profit for the period                                                                   17,441            22,570

Other comprehensive loss
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Exchange difference arising from the translation of the Company’s
   functional currency to presentation currency                                            548               100
Changes in fair value of ordinary share with redemption right
   due to own credit risk                                                                     –                 –
Items that will be reclassified to profit or loss:
Exchange difference arising from the translation of a subsidiary’s
   functional currency to presentation currency                                          (1,368)                –


                                                                                          (820)              100


Total comprehensive income for the period                                               16,621            22,670


Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the period
  attributable to:
– Owners of the Company                                                                 16,719            22,586
– Non-controlling interests                                                                (98)               84


                                                                                        16,621             22,670


Earnings per share for profit attributable to owners of
  the Company for the period (RMB cents)
– Basic                                                              12                    1.07              1.45


– Diluted                                                            12                    1.02              1.37




                                                                                             Interim Report 2026    43
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at 30 June 2026




                                                                                 As at          As at
                                                                               30 June   31 December
                                                                                  2026          2025
                                                                      Note    RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                             Unaudited        Audited


     Assets
     Non-current assets
     Property and equipment                                           14       735,426       641,268
     Intangible assets                                                14       114,164        21,428
     Finance lease receivables                                        17     1,045,090     1,103,761
     Prepayments and deposits                                                   14,008        22,456
     Investment of associates accounted for using equity method       15             –        48,297
     Goodwill                                                         15         2,585             –
     Deferred income tax assets                                                 10,799         6,809


                                                                             1,922,072     1,844,019


     Current assets
     Inventories                                                      19       154,617       254,955
     Finance lease receivables                                        17       776,062       782,548
     Trade receivables                                                18        23,975        75,723
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                               569,219       493,848
     Restricted cash                                                             7,460         3,900
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                 436,201       371,839
     Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss   16         6,471             –


                                                                             1,974,005     1,982,813


     Total assets                                                            3,896,077     3,826,832


     Equity and liabilities
     Equity attributable to owners of the Company
     Share capital                                                    22         5,559         4,657
     Other reserves and retained earnings                                    1,125,121       867,618


                                                                             1,130,680       872,275
     Non-controlling interests                                                       –         5,666


     Total equity                                                            1,130,680       877,941




44   XXF Group Holdings Limited
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                         As at 30 June 2026




                                                 As at                As at
                                               30 June         31 December
                                                  2026                2025
                                    Note      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                             Unaudited              Audited


Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                           21      1,318,609            1,323,024
Lease liabilities                                4,365                5,783
Deferred income tax liabilities                      –                3,872


                                             1,322,974            1,332,679


Current liabilities
Borrowings                           21      1,274,498            1,464,388
Trade payables                       20         19,924               42,693
Other payables and accruals                    134,354               83,935
Lease liabilities                                6,115                6,674
Current income tax payable                       7,532               18,522


                                             1,442,423            1,616,212


Total liabilities                            2,765,397            2,948,891


Total equity and liabilities                 3,896,077            3,826,832




                                                    Interim Report 2026       45
     INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                                                 Non-
                                                    Share       Share      Other    Retained               controlling      Total
                                                   capital   premium    reserves    earnings     Total       interests     equity
                                                  RMB’000    RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


     Unaudited
     Balance at 1 January 2026                       4,657    485,185     46,067     336,366    872,275         5,666     877,941
     Comprehensive income/(loss)
     Profit/(loss) for the period                        –          –          –      17,539     17,539           (98)     17,441
     Exchange difference arising from
       translation of functional currency to
       presentation currency                             –          –       (820)          –       (820)            –        (820)


     Total comprehensive income/(loss)
       for the period                                    –          –       (820)     17,539     16,719           (98)     16,621


     Acquisition of non-controlling interests           –           –       (792)          –       (792)       (5,568)     (6,360)
     Issuance of top-up shares                        902     241,153          –           –    242,055             –     242,055
     Share-based payments                               –           –        423           –        423             –         423


     Total transactions with owners in their
       capacity as owners                             902     241,153       (369)          –    241,686        (5,568)    236,118


     Balance at 30 June 2026                         5,559    726,338     44,878     353,905   1,130,680            –    1,130,680


     Unaudited
     Balance at 1 January 2025                       4,657    485,185     35,431     296,857    822,130         5,716     827,846
     Comprehensive income/(loss)
     Profit/(loss) for the period                        –          –          –      22,486     22,486            84      22,570
     Exchange difference arising from
       translation of functional currency to
       presentation currency                             –          –       100            –        100             –         100


     Total comprehensive income/(loss)
       for the period                                    –          –       100       22,486     22,586            84      22,670


     Transactions with owners in their capacity
       as owners
     Share-based payments                                –          –      1,756           –      1,756             –       1,756


     Total transactions with owners in their
       capacity as owners                                –          –      1,756           –      1,756             –       1,756


     Balance at 30 June 2025                         4,657    485,185     37,287     319,343    846,472         5,800     852,272




46   XXF Group Holdings Limited
INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                             For the six months ended 30 June 2026




                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                      Unaudited          Unaudited


Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                          273,048             69,309
Income tax paid                                                                         (20,536)           (12,409)
Interest paid                                                                           (82,215)           (87,751)


Net cash generated from operating activities                                            170,298            (30,851)


Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received                                                                            551               181
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                          20,043            19,190
Payment for purchase of property and equipment                                           (41,400)         (135,880)
Payment for addition of intangible assets                                                 (8,145)           (5,004)
Cash paid for the acquisition of subsidiaries                                            (17,000)                –
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         (6,789)                –


Net cash used in investing activities                                                    (52,741)         (121,513)


Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from borrowings                                                                 790,004         1,193,601
Repayments of borrowings                                                              (1,078,880)       (1,049,917)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                            (4,100)           (4,234)
Placement of deposits for borrowings                                                      (6,712)          (10,177)
Redemption of deposits for borrowings                                                     11,618            16,150
Proceeds from the issue of additional shares                                             242,055                 –
Payment to holders of non-controlling interests to acquire their interests                (6,360)


Net cash generated from financing activities                                             (52,375)         145,423


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                     65,182            (6,941)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period                                        371,839           340,598
Effect on foreign exchange rate difference                                                 (820)              114


Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                              436,201           333,771




                                                                                              Interim Report 2026     47
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     1    GENERAL INFORMATION

          XXF Group Holdings Limited (the “Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands on 29 March 2019 as
          an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands. The
          address of the Company’s registered office is Cricket Square, Hutchins Drive, PO Box 2681, Grand Cayman,
          KY1–1111, Cayman Islands.

          The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (together, the “Group”) are
          principally engaged in the provision of automobile services, including automobiles retail, automobiles financing,
          automobiles rental and automobile-related services in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

          The Company completed its initial public offering on 9 November 2023 (the “Listing”) and the Company’s shares
          have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited.


     2    BASIS OF PREPARATION

          The interim condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with
          IFRS Accounting Standards and disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap. 622. They
          have been prepared under the historical cost convention.


     3    ACCOUNTING POLICIES

          Except for the following new and revised standards adopted by the Group with effect from 1 January 2026, the
          accounting policies and methods of calculation used in the preparation of the condensed consolidated interim
          financial statements are consistent with those used in the annual report for the year ended 31 December 2025.
          The condensed consolidated interim financial information should be read in conjunction with the 2025 annual
          report and any announcements issued by the Group during the interim reporting period.

          With effect from 1 January 2026, the Group adopted the following new
          and amended standards
          (1)    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial
                 Instruments;

          (2)    Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7 – Contracts Involving the Manufacturing of Electric Vehicles Relying on
                 Natural Energy Sources;

          (3)    Amendments to IFRS 1, IFRS 7, IFRS 9, IFRS 10 and IAS 7 – Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting
                 Standards – Volume 11.

          The amendments listed above have no impact on the amounts recognised in prior periods and are not expected
          to have a material impact on the current or future periods.




48   XXF Group Holdings Limited
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


4   ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

    The preparation of interim condensed consolidated financial information requires Management to make
    judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and the reported
    amounts of assets and liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

    In preparing the interim condensed consolidated financial information, the significant judgements made by
    Management in applying the Group’s accounting policies and the key sources of estimation uncertainty were the
    same as those that applied to the consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025.


5   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

    5.1 Financial risk factors
          There has been no material change in the Group’s liquidity and financing risk management policies and
          practices in the financial statements for the six months ended 30 June 2026 as compared to those for the
          year ended 31 December 2025.

    5.2 Fair value estimation
          Financial assets and financial liabilities measured at fair value in the consolidated statement of financial
          position are grouped into three levels of a fair value hierarchy. The three levels are defined based on the
          observability of significant inputs to the measurement, as follows:

          Level 1:   quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

          Level 2:   inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or
                     liability, either directly or indirectly.

          Level 3:   unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

          The carrying amounts of the Group’s current financial assets, including trade and other receivables, finance
          lease receivables, cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash; and current financial liabilities, including
          trade payables, other payables and accruals, lease liabilities and borrowings, approximate their fair values
          as at the reporting date due to their short term maturities. The carrying value of non-current financial
          assets and liabilities approximate its fair value as at the reporting date.




                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026      49
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     6    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

          The revenue for the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                     2026             2025
                                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                              Unaudited          Unaudited


          Sales of automobiles under finance lease                                                                  359,393                    450,485
          Finance lease income                                                                                      167,733                    156,086
          Operating lease income                                                                                    130,626                     96,583
          Other automobile-related income                                                                             6,982                      7,021
          Outright car retail income                                                                                 96,530                     58,976


                                                                                                                    761,264                    769,151


          Revenue from leases under IFRS 16                                                                         657,752                    703,154
          Revenue from contracts with customers under IFRS 15                                                       103,512                     65,997


                                                                                                                    761,264                    769,151


          Timing of revenue recognition for revenue from contracts
            with customers under IFRS 15
          Recognised at a point in time                                                                               97,814                     60,409
          Recognised over time                                                                                         5,698                      5,588


                                                                                                                    103,512                      65,997


     7    OTHER INCOME, NET

                                                                                                         For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                     2026             2025
                                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                              Unaudited          Unaudited


          Government grants (Note)                                                                                     2,422                      1,647
          Others                                                                                                          49                      7,865


                                                                                                                       2,471                      9,512

          Note :   Government grants primarily consist of the fiscal support that local governments offered to the Group’s entities engaged in the finance
                   leasing business in the PRC. There are no unfulfilled conditions or other contingencies attaching to these grants.




50   XXF Group Holdings Limited
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


8   OTHER LOSSES, NET

                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2026             2025
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                           Unaudited          Unaudited


    Loss on disposal of property and equipment, net           (2,292)            (2,121)
    Exchange losses                                           (3,300)                 –
    Others                                                      (632)              (963)


                                                              (6,224)            (3,084)


9   EXPENSES BY NATURE

                                                      For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                  2026             2025
                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                           Unaudited          Unaudited


    Auditors’ remuneration
      – audit services                                             –                 –
      – non-audit services                                         –                 –
    Costs of inventory                                       388,027           410,108
    Auto-insurance premium                                    36,783            31,699
    Employee benefit expenses                                 73,350            76,471
    Advertising expenses                                       2,165             1,514
    Marketing and promotion expenses                           4,309             3,480
    Depreciation expenses                                     85,956            65,973
    Amortisation expenses                                      5,636             5,344
    Transportation expenses                                    6,635             4,143
    Rental expenses                                            1,929             2,152
    Traffic contravention penalty and handling fee               641             1,123
    Travelling expenses                                        7,714             7,110
    Legal and professional expenses                            3,067             3,616
    Office expenses                                            4,944             5,289
    Motor vehicle expenses                                    13,022            10,554
    Provision for inventories                                  5,772             8,628
    Repair and maintenance                                     6,261             6,293
    Other taxes                                                4,415             6,041
    Other expenses                                             6,279             7,581


                                                             656,905           657,119




                                                                  Interim Report 2026      51
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     10   FINANCE COST, NET

                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                      Unaudited          Unaudited


          Finance cost:
            Costs of funding                                                              (77,776)            (81,599)
            Interest expenses on other borrowings                                          (4,111)             (5,720)
            Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                           (328)               (432)


                                                                                          (82,215)            (87,751)


          Finance income:
            Bank interest income                                                              551                 181
            Imputed interest income from deposits for borrowings                              599                 748


                                                                                            1,150                 929


          Finance cost, net                                                               (81,065)            (86,822)


     11   INCOME TAX EXPENSES

          The income tax expenses of the Group are analysed as follows:

                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                      Unaudited          Unaudited


          Income tax expenses:
          Current income tax                                                                9,547               9,198
          Deferred income tax                                                              (7,862)             (3,848)


                                                                                            1,685               5,350


          For the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, the weighted average applicable tax rates were 15.0% and
          18.5%, respectively. The change in weighted average applicable tax rate was mainly caused by a change in mix
          of profits earned or losses incurred by the group entities.




52   XXF Group Holdings Limited
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12   EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                               For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                           2026             2025
                                                                                    Unaudited          Unaudited


     Profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                              17,539               22,486
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue                          1,643,125,000        1,546,875,000
     Diluted impact on profit (RMB’000)                                                       –                    –
     Diluted profit attributable to owners of the Company (RMB’000)                      17,539               22,486
     Potential ordinary shares with dilutive effect                                  73,254,578           98,003,938


     Weighted average number of issued ordinary shares for
      calculating diluted profit per share                                        1,716,379,578        1,644,878,938


     Earnings per share
     – Basic (RMB cents per share)                                                          1.07                 1.45
     – Diluted (RMB cents per share)                                                        1.02                 1.37


     (i)    Basic
            Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to owners of the Company by the
            weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue.

            The weighted average number of shares in issue for the six months ended 30 June 2026 for the purpose
            of earnings per share computation has been calculated on a weighted basis to take into account the
            number of top-up shares allotted and issued on 21 April 2026 and 19 May 2026.

     (ii)   Diluted
            Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares
            outstanding to assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares.

            For the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, the effect of share options granted under the Pre-IPO
            Share Option Scheme was dilutive and has been taken into account in the calculation of diluted EPS.


13   DIVIDEND

     For the six months ended 30 June 2026 and 2025, no dividend has been declared by the Company.




                                                                                              Interim Report 2026        53
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     14   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                        Property and         Intangible
                                                                          equipment              assets           Total
                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000


          Unaudited
          For the six months ended 30 June 2026
          Opening net book amount                                             641,268            21,428          662,696
          Additions                                                           281,345           101,162          382,507
          Disposals                                                           (23,025)                –          (23,025)
          Transfer to inventory                                               (77,919)                –          (77,919)
          Depreciation and amortization                                       (85,956)           (8,426)         (94,382)
          Currency translation differences                                       (287)                –             (287)


          Closing net book amount                                             735,426           114,164          849,590


          Unaudited
          For the six months ended 30 June 2025
          Opening net book amount                                             494,332            20,617          514,949
          Additions                                                           190,179             5,004          195,183
          Disposals                                                           (20,487)                –          (20,487)
          Transfer to inventory                                               (43,716)                –          (43,716)
          Depreciation and amortization                                       (65,973)           (5,344)         (71,317)


          Closing net book amount                                             554,335            20,277          574,612


     15   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ACQUISITION OF NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS

          (a)   Acquisition of subsidiaries
                On 9 May 2026, the Group acquired 51% equity interest in Fujian Xidun from Fujian Taikun Investment
                Co., Ltd. for a consideration of RMB51,000 thousand, payable in six instalments from the effective date
                of the agreement, of which RMB17,000 thousand was paid in cash during the Reporting Period, and the
                outstanding balance of RMB34,000 thousand was classified as other payables and accruals. Immediately
                following the completion of the acquisition, the Group held 100% equity interest in Fujian Xidun, and
                Fujian Xidun became a subsidiary of the Group. Prior to the acquisition, the Group held 49% equity
                interest in Fujian Xidun, which was accounted for using the equity method and classified as an associate.

                The Group has accounted for this acquisition as a business combination in accordance with IFRS 3. This
                acquisition constitutes a step-by-step business combination. On the date on which control was obtained,
                the fair value of the Group’s equity interest previously held in Fujian Xidun was equal to its carrying
                amount. Accordingly, the Group did not recognise any gain or loss on the remeasurement of these equity
                interests as at the date of the business combination. The carrying amount of these equity interests on the
                acquisition date was RMB48,138 thousand.




54   XXF Group Holdings Limited
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


15   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS AND ACQUISITION OF NON-CONTROLLING INTERESTS
     (Continued)

     (a)   Acquisition of subsidiaries (Continued)
                                                                                                          RMB’000
                                                                                                         Unaudited

           Land use rights                                                                                    91,670
           Construction in progress                                                                           71,679
           Cash and cash equivalents                                                                           4,601
           Other assets                                                                                        9,634
           Payables                                                                                              (31)
           Borrowings                                                                                        (81,000)

           Fair value of identifiable net assets                                                             96,553

           The goodwill arising from the acquisition amounted to RMB2,585 thousand, calculated as follows:

                                                                                                          RMB’000
                                                                                                         Unaudited


           Total acquisition consideration                                                                   51,000
           Add: fair value of the 49% equity interest previously held on the acquisition date                48,138
           Less: fair value of identifiable net assets                                                       96,553

           Goodwill                                                                                            2,585

           Goodwill is mainly attributed to the synergies, customer base, management team and expected profit
           potential resulting from the integration of the existing business of Fujian Xidun. Goodwill is initially
           recognised at cost and is subsequently carried at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is
           not amortised, nor is it amortised for tax purposes.

     (b)   Acquisition of non-controlling interests
           On 6 May 2026, the Group acquired 49% equity interest in Fujian ZyooCar Technology Co., Ltd. from
           Ningde Transport Investment Group Company Limited for a consideration of RMB6.4 million, which was
           paid in cash. Fujian ZyooCar Technology Co., Ltd. was a subsidiary of the Group and became a wholly-
           owned subsidiary of the Group immediately following the completion of the transaction. This transaction
           was conducted between the Group and the holders of non-controlling interests of Fujian ZyooCar
           Technology Co., Ltd. in their capacity as holders, and did not constitute a business combination. As at
           the transaction date, the carrying amount of the 49% non-controlling interests acquired was RMB5,568
           thousand. The difference between the consideration and the carrying amount, amounting to RMB792
           thousand, has been recognised in other reserves and has not given rise to any goodwill.




                                                                                                Interim Report 2026     55
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     16   FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                            30 June          31 December
                                                                                               2026                 2025
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                          Unaudited               Audited

          At beginning of the period                                                                –                    –
          Subscription for financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                6,789                    –
          Revaluation of changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss                      (323)                   –
          Exchange difference                                                                       5                    –

          At end of the period                                                                  6,471                    –

          On 16 June 2026, the Group subscribed to the 2Mind Vision Growth Driven Fund with its own funds, with a
          subscription amount of US$1.0 million. As at 30 June 2026, the carrying amount of this investment was RMB6.5
          million.

     17   FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES
          The Group provides automobile finance lease services. Details of finance lease receivables as at 30 June 2026 and
          31 December 2025 are set out below:

                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                            30 June          31 December
                                                                                               2026                 2025
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                          Unaudited               Audited

          Finance lease receivables
            – Finance lease receivables, gross                                             2,289,227            2,374,603
            – Unearned finance income                                                       (449,222)            (470,086)

          Finance lease receivables, net                                                   1,840,005            1,904,517
          Less: allowance for impairment of finance lease receivables                        (18,853)             (18,208)

          Carrying amount of finance lease receivables                                     1,821,152            1,886,309

          Finance lease receivables, gross
            – Within one year                                                              1,022,325            1,035,788
            – Between one and two years                                                      691,259              711,976
            – Between two and five years                                                     575,643              626,839

                                                                                           2,289,227            2,374,603

          Finance lease receivables, net
            – Within one year                                                                790,982              796,680
            – Between one and two years                                                      542,816              557,361
            – Between two and five years                                                     506,207              550,476

                                                                                           1,840,005            1,904,517


56   XXF Group Holdings Limited
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


17   FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     An ageing analysis of finance lease receivables is as follows:

                                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                                     30 June          31 December
                                                                                        2026                 2025
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                   Unaudited               Audited


     Not past due                                                                    1,730,857          1,792,720
     Past due
     Up to 1 month                                                                      74,199             76,448
     1 to 3 months                                                                      18,657             19,411
     3 to 6 months                                                                       8,198              9,181
     6 to 12 months                                                                      4,260              3,743
     Over 12 months                                                                      3,834              3,014


     Finance lease receivables, net                                                  1,840,005          1,904,517
     Less: allowance for impairment of finance lease receivables                       (18,853)           (18,208)


     Carrying amount of finance lease receivables                                    1,821,152          1,886,309


     As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, carrying amounts of the finance lease receivables are denominated
     in RMB and approximate their fair values at each of the reporting dates.

     Movements on the Group’s allowance for impairment of finance lease receivables are as follows:

                                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                                     30 June          31 December
                                                                                        2026                 2025
                                                                                    RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                   Unaudited               Audited


     At beginning of the period                                                         18,208             16,625
     Recovery of finance receivables written-off                                           417                409
     Charged for the period                                                                605              4,746
     Written-off                                                                          (377)            (3,572)


     At end of the period                                                               18,853             18,208




                                                                                            Interim Report 2026      57
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     18   TRADE RECEIVABLES


                                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                                       30 June         31 December
                                                                                          2026                2025
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     Unaudited              Audited


          Trade receivables                                                              24,902              77,441
          Less: allowance for impairment of trade receivables                              (927)             (1,718)


                                                                                         23,975              75,723


          As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the carrying amounts of trade receivables were denominated in RMB
          and USD and approximate their fair values at each of the reporting dates.

                                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                                       30 June         31 December
                                                                                          2026                2025
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                     Unaudited              Audited


          RMB                                                                            18,989              30,175
          USD                                                                             4,986              45,548


                                                                                         23,975              75,723




58   XXF Group Holdings Limited
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18   TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)

     An ageing analysis of trade receivables (net of allowance for impairment) based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                          As at                  As at
                                                                                        30 June           31 December
                                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                      Unaudited                Audited


     Up to 3 months                                                                        17,791               71,542
     3 to 6 months                                                                          5,422                3,796
     Over 6 months                                                                            762                  385


                                                                                           23,975               75,723


     Movements on the Group’s allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                          As at                  As at
                                                                                        30 June           31 December
                                                                                           2026                  2025
                                                                                       RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                      Unaudited                Audited


     At beginning of the period                                                             1,718                   716
     Credited/(charged) for the period, net                                                  (791)                1,206
     Written-off                                                                                                   (204)


     At end of the period                                                                     927                 1,718




                                                                                                Interim Report 2026        59
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     19   INVENTORIES

                                                                                          As at                 As at
                                                                                        30 June          31 December
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      Unaudited               Audited


          Automobiles                                                                    158,430              258,785
          Vehicle telematics equipment                                                     3,591                3,650


                                                                                         162,021              262,435
          Provision for inventories                                                       (7,404)              (7,480)


                                                                                         154,617              254,955


          Automobiles included new and repossessed automobiles. For the six months ended 30 June 2026, the cost of
          inventories recognised as expenses included in cost of revenue amounted to RMB388,027 thousand (For the six
          months ended 30 June 2025: RMB410,108 thousand).


     20   TRADE PAYABLES

                                                                                          As at                 As at
                                                                                        30 June          31 December
                                                                                           2026                 2025
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      Unaudited               Audited


          Trade payables                                                                   19,924              42,693
          Bills payables                                                                        –                   –


                                                                                           19,924              42,693


          Trade payables approximate their fair values and are denominated in RMB. The average credit period taken for
          trade purchase is generally 30 to 90 days.




60   XXF Group Holdings Limited
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20   TRADE PAYABLES (Continued)

     An ageing analysis of trade payables based on invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                     As at              As at
                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                 Unaudited            Audited


     Up to 3 months                                                                 15,142            37,125
     3 to 6 months                                                                   1,582               837
     Over 6 months                                                                   3,200             4,731


                                                                                    19,924            42,693


21   BORROWINGS

                                                                                     As at              As at
                                                                                   30 June       31 December
                                                                                      2026              2025
                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                 Unaudited            Audited


     Bank borrowings, secured                                                      212,226           155,276
     Bank borrowings, unsecured                                                     10,687             6,120
     Other borrowings, secured                                                   2,321,288         2,548,658
     Other borrowings, unsecured                                                    48,906            77,358


                                                                                 2,593,107         2,787,412

     Less: non-current portion                                                   (1,318,609)       (1,323,024)


     Current portion                                                             1,274,498         1,464,388




                                                                                         Interim Report 2026     61
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     21   BORROWINGS (Continued)

          Other borrowings represented borrowings from non-banking financial institutions and individual lenders. The
          borrowings are repayable as follows:

                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                                             2026                 2025
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                        Unaudited               Audited


          Within one year                                                                1,274,498            1,464,388
          Between one and two years                                                        711,296              724,240
          Between two and five years                                                       607,313              598,784


                                                                                         2,593,107            2,787,412


          As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the borrowings are denominated in RMB and the carrying amounts
          approximate their fair values at each of the reporting dates.

          The weighted average effective interest rates as at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                          30 June          31 December
                                                                                             2026                 2025
                                                                                               %                     %
                                                                                        Unaudited               Audited


          Bank borrowings, secured                                                           3.87%                4.64%
          Bank borrowings, unsecured                                                         4.22%                4.37%
          Other borrowings, secured                                                          5.79%                6.09%
          Other borrowings, unsecured                                                        4.62%                4.69%


          As at 30 June 2026 and 31 December 2025, the Group’s borrowings of RMB2,533.5 million and RMB2,703.9
          million were secured by personal guarantee and indemnity provided by the Directors and certain assets of the
          Group.




62   XXF Group Holdings Limited
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


21   BORROWINGS (Continued)

     The Group’s overall security is summarised below:

                                                                               As at             As at
                                                                             30 June      31 December
                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                           Unaudited           Audited


     Property and equipment                                                  546,456           504,419
     Deposits for borrowings                                                  35,685            39,702
     Inventories                                                             102,073            93,112
     Finance lease receivables                                             1,790,394         1,782,297


22   SHARE CAPITAL

                                                              Number of
                                                         ordinary shares   Share capital nominal value
                                                                               HK$’000         RMB’000


     Authorised:
     As at 31 December 2025 and 30 June 2026             12,000,000,000          40,000        36,512


     Issued and fully paid:
     As at 31 December 2025                               1,546,875,000           5,156          4,657
     Top-up placement                                       309,375,000           1,031            902


     As at 30 June 2026                                   1,856,250,000           6,187          5,559




                                                                                  Interim Report 2026    63
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     23   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT

          During the year ended 31 December 2023, the board of directors of the Company approved the establishment
          of a Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan with the purpose of motivating, attracting and retaining those individuals
          for outstanding performance to generate superior returns to the shareholders of the Company. The maximum
          aggregate number of shares which may be issued pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan is 38,671,875
          ordinary shares.

          The majority of share options have graded vesting terms, and will be vested from the grant date over five
          financial years on the condition that employees remain in service together with a performance requirement.

          The options may be exercised at any time after vesting and following the IPO of the Company, subject to the
          terms of the Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan. The options are exercisable for a maximum period of five years from
          the date of grant (i.e. 18 October 2023). The exercise price per option is HK$0.55.

          On 3 December 2024, the Company held a shareholders’ meeting and passed a resolution to subdivide each of
          the existing issued and unissued Shares of par value of HK$0.01 each in the share capital of the Company into
          three (3) Subdivided Shares of par value of one third Hong Kong cent each (i.e. the exercise price per option is
          HK$0.183), which took effect on 5 December 2024.

          Set out below is a summary of the options granted under the plan:

                                                                                                       Weighted average
                                                                                          Number of    exercise price per
                                                                                       share options       share option


          Outstanding as at 31 December 2025                                            100,227,000             HK$0.183
          Granted during the period                                                               –             HK$0.183
          Forfeited during the period                                                    (4,200,000)            HK$0.183
          Outstanding as at 30 June 2026                                                 96,027,000             HK$0.183
          Vested and exercisable at 30 June 2026                                         67,218,900             HK$0.183


          The expiry date and exercise price of share options issued are as follows:

                                                                                                    As at           As at
                                                                                                  30 June    31 December
                                                         Exercise                                    2026           2025
          Grant date             Expiry date                price   Vesting year                Unaudited        Audited


          18 October 2023        17 October 2028       HK$0.183     20% for each of the         96,027,000    100,227,000
                                                                      financial year since
                                                                      31 December 2023


          Based on the fair value of the underlying ordinary shares of the Company, the Group has used Binomial model to
          determine the fair value of the share options as of the grant date. Key assumptions are set as below:



64   XXF Group Holdings Limited
NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT (Continued)


     Fair value per share (in HK$)                                                                              0.37
     Exercise price (in HK$)                                                                                  0.183
     Risk free interest rate                                                                                 4.20%
     Expected life                                                                                           5 years
     Expected volatility                                                                                    45.00%
     Dividend yield                                                                                          0.00%


     Expenses arising from share-based payment transactions for the Reporting Period:

                                                                                 For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                             2026             2025
                                                                                        RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                      Unaudited          Unaudited


     Pre-IPO Share Incentive Plan                                                           423               1,756


24   CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

     The Group did not have any significant contingent liabilities as at 30 June 2026.


25   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     (a)    The directors of the Company are of the view that the following
            companies were related parties that had transactions or balances with
            the Group during the Reporting Period:
            Related party                                         Relationship with the Group


            Shenghui Logistic Group Co., Ltd.                     A company controlled by a director of the Company
              (“盛輝物流集團有限公司”)                                        and his family member
            Yongsheng Property Management Co., Ltd.,              A company controlled by a director of the Company
              Jin’an District, Fuzhou                               and his family member




                                                                                             Interim Report 2026       65
     NOTES TO INTERIM CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     25   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

          (a)   The directors of the Company are of the view that the following
                companies were related parties that had transactions or balances with
                the Group during the Reporting Period: (Continued)
                                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                         Unaudited          Unaudited


                Lease payment (Note i)
                – Ningde Sandu Port Automobile Transportation Co., Ltd.                                               –                      33
                – Shenghui Logistic Group Co., Ltd.                                                                 366                     381
                – Yongsheng Property Management Co., Ltd.,
                    Jin’an District, Fuzhou                                                                            8                       6


                                                                                                                    374                     420


                Property management fee (Note ii)
                – Yongsheng Property Management Co., Ltd.,
                    Jin’an District, Fuzhou                                                                           60                     81

                Notes:


                (i)      Lease payment is charged in accordance with the agreement entered into between the Group and the related party. As at 30
                         June 2026, Ningde Sandu Port Automobile Transportation Co., Ltd. ceased to be a related party of the Group.


                (ii)     Management fee is charged in accordance with the agreement entered into between the relevant parties.


          (b)   Balances with related parties
                As at 30 June 2026, the Company had no balances from transactions with related parties.

          (c)   Key management compensation
                                                                                                    For the six months ended 30 June
                                                                                                                2026             2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                         Unaudited          Unaudited


                Salaries, bonuses, allowances and benefits in kind                                                1,515                   1,552
                Retirement benefit costs-defined contribution plans                                                  54                      64
                Share-based payments                                                                                307                     576


                                                                                                                  1,876                   2,192




66   XXF Group Holdings Limited
                                                                                         DEFINITIONS


“associate”                   the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”             the audit committee of the Board

“Board”                       the board of Directors

“Chinese Mainland” or “PRC”   the People’s Republic of China excluding, for the purposes of this report and
                              geographical reference only and except where the context requires otherwise, Hong
                              Kong, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan

“Company” or “the Company”    XXF Group Holdings Limited, an exempted company incorporated in the Cayman
                              Islands whose shares are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock
                              Code: 2473)

“Corporate Governance Code”   the Corporate Governance Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules

“Director(s)”                 the director(s) of the Company or any one of them

“ERP”                         enterprise resource planning

“Fujian Xidun”                Fujian Xidun Automobile Service Co., Ltd. (福建喜盾汽車服務有限公司), a company
                              established under the laws of the PRC on 23 May 2018, which is an indirect wholly-
                              owned subsidiary of the Company

“GDP”                         gross domestic product

“Global Offering”             as defined in the Prospectus

“GPS”                         a global positioning system to provide (i) precise data on position and velocity and (ii)
                              synchronise the global time for land, air and sea travel

“Group”, “the Group”,         the Company and all of its subsidiaries, or any one of them as the context may
  “our”, “we” or “us”         require or, where the context refers to any time prior to its incorporation, the
                              business which its predecessors or the predecessors of its present subsidiaries, or any
                              one of them as the context may require, were or was engaged in and which were
                              subsequently assumed by it

“HK$”                         Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                   the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“IFRS”                        International Financial Reporting Standards issued by International Accounting
                              Standards Board

“Listing”                     listing of the Shares on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange on the Listing Date

“Listing Date”                9 November 2023, being the date from which the Shares are listed and dealings in
                              the Shares are first permitted to take place on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange


                                                                                              Interim Report 2026         67
     DEFINITIONS


     “Listing Rules”                  the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                      Limited (as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

     “Main Board”                     the stock market (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                                      which is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM of the Stock
                                      Exchange

     “Model Code”                     the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in
                                      Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules

     “Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme”    the pre-IPO share option scheme approved and adopted by the Company on 9
                                      October 2023

     “Prospectus”                     the prospectus issued by the Company dated 30 October 2023

     “Reporting Period”               the six-month period from 1 January 2026 to 30 June 2026

     “RMB” or “Renminbi”              Renminbi, the lawful currency of the PRC

     “SFO”                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong (as
                                      amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

     “Share(s)”                       ordinary share(s) in the share capital of the Company with the nominal value of one-
                                      third Hong Kong cent (approximately HK$0.003333333333) each

     “Share Option Scheme”            the share option scheme adopted by the Company on 9 October 2023 and effective
                                      upon the Listing Date

     “Shareholder(s)”                 holder(s) of Share(s)

     “Share Incentive Schemes”        the Pre-IPO Share Option Scheme and the Share Option Scheme

     “Stock Exchange”                 The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited

     “subsidiary” or “subsidiaries”   has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “%”                              per cent




68   XXF Group Holdings Limited
