IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC
HALF YEAR RESULTS STATEMENT
12 MAY 2026




PERFORMING AND TRANSFORMING
IMPROVING CASH AND RETURNS
REPORT FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED 31 MARCH 2026

BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS*

• Tobacco net revenue growth of 1.5% supported by robust tobacco pricing, more than offsetting volume declines
• NGP net revenue up 7.5%, with double-digit growth in AAACE (60.0%) and Europe (15.3%), with market share
  growth in all three NGP categories
• Tobacco & NGP net revenue up 1.8%; reported revenue up 0.8%
• Adjusted operating profit 0.6% higher year-on-year, led by Europe; reported operating profit down 36.5%,
  reflecting costs of Delaware settlement and 2030 Strategy activities
• Distribution adjusted operating profit down -3.0%, reflecting lower tobacco profits; reported operating profit
  down -5.0%
• Adjusted earnings per share up 5.3% driven by adjusted operating profit growth and share count reduction;
  reported earnings per share down -38.1%, largely driven by reduction in operating profit
• 12-month free cash flow £2.6bn reflecting strong cash conversion of 98% on 12-month basis
• Capital returns: £809m share buyback completed in period; interim dividend increased by 4.0%
• On track to deliver full year results in line with guidance
• Strong start to transformation; on track to deliver £320m of cost savings per annum by 2030 and to becoming
  a more consumer-focused, data-led, agile and efficient challenger; strategic partnership with Capgemini
* All measures at constant currency unless otherwise stated.


Financial summary
                                                                                                  Reported                                                                Adjusted2
Six months ended                                                                                                                                                          Constant
31 March 2026                                                   2026               2025            Change                2026               2025          Actual          currency3
Revenue                                        £m            14,719            14,604             +0.8%                      –                 –               –                  –
Tobacco & NGP net revenue1                     £m                   –                 –                 –              3,729              3,664          +1.8%             +1.8%
Tobacco & NGP operating profit                 £m               776              1,294           -40.0%                1,479              1,486          -0.5%              +1.3%
Operating profit                               £m               925              1,456           -36.5%                1,644              1,652          -0.5%            +0.6%
Earnings per share                               p             59.9               96.7            -38.1%                127.7             123.9           +3.1%            +5.3%
Net debt                                       £m          (10,943)             (10,471)                –            (10,518)            (9,956)               –                  –
Dividend per share                               p           83.36               80.16            +4.0%               83.36               80.16         +4.0%             +4.0%
1. Tobacco & NGP net revenue is reported revenue less duty and similar items, sale of peripheral products and Distribution (Logista) gross profit.
2. See page 3 for the basis of presentation and the supplementary section at the end of the financial statements for the reconciliation between reported and adjusted measures.
3. Constant currency removes effect of exchange rate movements on the translation of the results of our overseas operations.


Lukas Paravicini, Chief Executive
“We have made a positive start to the execution of our evolved 2030 Strategy, combining consistent operational
and financial performance with tangible progress on our transformation.
In combustibles, robust pricing momentum has continued to deliver low single-digit growth, at constant currency,
in both net revenue and adjusted operating profit. In next generation products we continue to grow market share
in all three categories. We have seen particularly strong growth in heated tobacco, following the rollout of our
Pulze 3.0 device. Our modern oral portfolio has grown strongly in European markets, while in the US we have
grown volume share in a competitive market.
Despite the impact of one-offs our first half operational performance has driven consistent, strong cash flows,
which underpin ongoing investment in growth initiatives and capital returns to shareholders. We are on track
with our £1.45bn share buyback and the interim dividend has been increased by 4%.
While staying laser-focused on in-year delivery, we are also making progress on self-help activities to drive
efficiency and our long-term transformation to build the capabilities which will underpin our future growth. We
are making good progress on focusing our supply chain footprint and have begun implementing our strategic
partnership with Capgemini.
Looking ahead to the second half, while tensions in the Middle East have led to a more uncertain macroeconomic
environment, we continue to be confident of delivering a step-up in adjusted operating profit growth, in line with
our full year guidance.”

                                                                                                                                                                       Page 1/47
HALF YEAR RESULTS STATEMENT CONTINUED


DELIVERING AGAINST OUR STRATEGIC PRIORITIES
Driving sustainable value in combustibles
• Tobacco volumes down -1.5%, with growth in our AAACE region offset by declines in Europe and the Americas
• Robust tobacco pricing supports 1.5% growth in tobacco net revenues and adjusted operating profit
• Strong pricing in our wider footprint supported good tobacco net revenue growth in other market clusters, e.g. Africa, Asia, Middle East
  and Turkey (AMET) and Southeast Europe
• Aggregate market share across our priority markets down -16bps as we continue to balance share and value,
  and be more choiceful in focusing on more profitable segments for long-term, sustainable value creation
Building scale in Next Generation Products
• Multi-category approach delivering market share gains in all three categories and strong volume growth in all regions
• In modern oral, US Zone growing volume share; new product launches in Skruf and Zone in Nordics and
  UK driving growth
• New pod-based blu bar and blu kit ranges performing well as markets continue to transition to re-useable systems across Europe;
  growing share in UK, France, Germany and New Zealand; double-digit shares in UK, France and Spain
• Heated product sales growing strongly, driven by Pulze 3.0 in Europe and AAACE, particularly Italy, Greece and Czechia
Progress on Transformation
• Focused on self-help activities to drive efficiency and investment in capabilities to drive growth
• On track to deliver £320m cost savings per annum by 2030
• Strong momentum behind manufacturing footprint rationalisation; manufacturing and operational excellence
• Strategic partnership with Capgemini gives us access to new capabilities to support growth, including data-led insights and agentic AI,
  that will enable us to capture new commercial opportunities and deliver efficiencies: transfer of 386 roles completed in H1
• Continued rollout of enterprise platforms. Go-lives in Australia and our Radom manufacturing facility


RESULTS OVERVIEW*
Tobacco & NGP net revenue growth driven by resilient tobacco pricing
• Tobacco & NGP net revenue up 1.8%
• Solid tobacco pricing of 3.0% driven by a broad base of markets; tobacco net revenue up 1.5%
• Tobacco volumes down -1.5% (to 85.7bn SE) reflecting launches in AAACE offsetting market size declines in Europe and the USA
• NGP net revenue up 7.5% as strong growth in Europe and AAACE more than offset declines in USA
• Reported revenue grew 0.8%, reflecting volume growth in AAACE, growth in NGP and gains in Distribution offsetting weaker volumes
  in Australia
Delivering growth in adjusted operating profits
• Group adjusted operating profit grew 0.6% on prior year, driven by improved profitability in tobacco offset by a decline in adjusted
  operating profit in Distribution
• Reported operating profit declined -36.5% reflecting higher costs relating to the Delaware settlement charges and 2030 Strategy activities
• Tobacco adjusted operating profit increased 1.5%, driven by pricing offsetting volume declines and increased investment, as well as
  impact of Australia and US tariffs; reported tobacco operating profit down -38.3% at actual rates due to costs associated with the
  Delaware settlement and implementation of 2030 Strategy
• NGP adjusted loss of £40m, a £3m increase on prior year, reflecting a strong performance in Europe and AAACE offset by the decline
  in US NGP net revenue in H1; reported NGP operating losses reduced £1m reflecting the decision to transition our legacy myblu vaping
  business out of the US market, offsetting lower amortisation of intangibles
• Distribution adjusted operating profit declined -3.0%, as an improvement in long-distance transportation was offset
  by a decline in tobacco due to lower profit on inventories versus the prior year
• Adjusted EPS up 5.3% reflecting increased adjusted operating profit and reduced share count more than offsetting increased
  finance costs
• Reported EPS declined -38.1% as a result of lower operating profits due to the Delaware settlement and 2030 Strategy costs, a higher tax
  rate, partly offset by lower financing costs and reduced share count due to the ongoing share buyback
Free cash flow supporting investment and shareholder returns
• Adjusted operating cash conversion of c.98% on a 12-month basis
• Following the decision of the Supreme Court of Delaware in December 2025, a payment of £150 million was made
  to R J Reynolds in the period; the remaining £162 million to be made in instalments over the next three years
• Adjusted net debt £10.5bn; adjusted net debt to EBITDA on a 12-month basis remained flat at 2.4x; reported net debt £10.9bn; expect
  around 2.0 times at the year end
• Interim dividend per share up 4.0% to 83.36 pence, in line with our progressive dividend policy
• Ongoing, multi-year evergreen buyback with £1.45bn underway this year
• Cumulative capital returns from FY21 to HY26 of c.£11.5bn, representing c.77% of market capitalisation at Capital Markets Day
  in January 2021
* All measures at constant currency unless otherwise stated.




                                                                                                                                   Page 2/47
HALF YEAR RESULTS STATEMENT CONTINUED


OUTLOOK

Our expectations for the financial year are unchanged and in line with our guidance given in November 2025
and with our medium-term guidance set out at our Capital Markets Day in March 2025. While the conflict in the
Middle East has resulted in a more uncertain macroeconomic environment, we have not seen a material impact
to date. We will continue to monitor the situation. The longer this persists, the more likely there could be a more
meaningful impact on input costs and consumer demand, including duty free. We remain focused on delivering
full year results in line with our guidance.
On a constant currency basis, we expect to deliver low-single-digit tobacco and double-digit NGP net revenue
growth. Tobacco pricing will continue to more than offset cigarette volume declines and is expected to have
more of a benefit in the second half. In NGP we expect a stronger second half, given the negative impact of
one-offs in H1, plus new Zone flavour launches and targeted execution.
Group adjusted operating profit is expected to grow in the 3% to 5% range, on a constant currency basis. Growth
is expected to accelerate in the second half, driven by flow through of combustible price increases and operational
gearing, with a stronger performance in both AAACE and the US. In NGP, we expect continued momentum in
Europe and AAACE, and an improved US performance.
After 2030 Strategy costs and the first instalment of the Delaware settlement, we expect to generate free cash
flow of at least £2.2 billion in FY26, in line with previous guidance. Growth in operating profit combined with the
impact of our ongoing share buyback is expected to result in at least high single-digit adjusted earnings per
share for the full year. At current rates, foreign exchange translation is expected to be a headwind of 0-1.0% to net
revenue, adjusted operating profit and earnings per share.
Looking beyond the current fiscal year, we remain committed to the plans and medium-term guidance we
provided in our 2030 Strategy in March 2025 to generate another five years of sustainable growth and long-term
shareholder value through a progressive dividend and an evergreen share buyback.

Basis of presentation
• To aid understanding of our results, we use ‘adjusted’ (non-GAAP) measures to provide a consistent comparison of performance from
  one period to the next. Reconciliations between adjusted and reported (GAAP) measures and further definitions of adjusted measures
  are provided in the supplementary information section. Change at constant currency removes the effect of exchange rate movements
  on the translation of the results of our overseas operations. References in this document to percentage growth and increases or
  decreases in our adjusted results are on a constant currency basis unless stated otherwise. These are calculated by translating current
  year results at prior year exchange rates.
• Stick Equivalent (SE) volumes reflect our combined cigarette, fine cut tobacco, cigar and snus volumes but exclude any NGP volume
  such as heated tobacco, modern oral nicotine and vapour.
• Market share is presented as a six-month average to the end of March (MHT – moving half year trend), unless otherwise stated.
  Aggregate market share is a weighted average across markets within our footprint.


Other information

Investor contacts                                                    Media contacts
John Crosse                       +44 (0)7484 967 842                Jonathan Oliver                    +44 (0)7740 096 018
Jennifer Ramsey                   +44 (0)7974 615 739                Simon Evans                        +44 (0)7967 467 684
Henry Dodd                        +44 (0)7941 648 421

Analyst presentation webcast
Lukas Paravicini, Chief Executive, and Murray McGowan, Chief Financial Officer, will present the results to investors and analysts via
a webcast at 09:00 (BST) on 12 May 2026. The presentation slides will be available from 07.00 (BST) on www.imperialbrandsplc.com.
A webcast recording and presentation script will be available after the webcast has concluded.

The webcast will be available on https://edge.media-server.com/mmc/p/2auimbs3. To participate in the Q&A session, please register in
advance via this link https://register-conf.media-server.com/register/BI88a04ca0676f485ca3a32ba4efb94994. You will then receive the
dial-in details and your own PIN to access the live Q&A session.

Cautionary statement
Certain statements in this announcement constitute or may constitute forward-looking statements. Any statement in this announcement
that is not a statement of historical fact including, without limitation, those regarding the Company’s future expectations, operations,
financial performance, financial condition and business is or may be a forward-looking statement. Such forward-looking statements are
subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied in any forward-looking
statement. These risks and uncertainties include, among other factors, changing economic, financial, business or other market conditions.
These and other factors could adversely affect the outcome and financial effects of the plans and events described in this announcement.
As a result, you are cautioned not to place any reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements reflect
knowledge and information available at the date of this announcement and the Company undertakes no obligation to update its view of
such risks and uncertainties or to update the forward-looking statements contained herein. Nothing in this announcement should be
construed as a profit forecast or profit estimate and no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that the future
earnings per share of the Company for current or future financial years will necessarily match or exceed the historical or published
earnings per share of the Company. This announcement has been prepared for, and only for the members of the Company, as a body, and
no other persons. The Company, its Directors, employees, agents or advisers do not accept or assume responsibility to any other person to
whom this announcement is shown or into whose hands it may come, and any such responsibility or liability is expressly disclaimed.



                                                                                                                                  Page 3/47
CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT




DELIVERING
CONSISTENTLY
Introduction                                                             Our Asia, Africa, Australasia and Central and Eastern Europe region
We are pleased to report a positive start both to the 2026 fiscal year   (AAACE) recorded growth in tobacco net revenue of 0.8% at constant
and to the implementation of our evolved strategy for 2030. We once      currency. Behind this headline number, individual markets
again delivered a good underlying performance in line with our           performed at differing rates. In Australia, while the team continues
strategic objectives. Our consistent financial performance               to capture value with agility, the growing illicit trade precipitated an
continues to drive strong cash generation and underpins our              acceleration of the decline in legal volumes, down by about 50%
growing shareholder returns.                                             year-on-year. As we annualise these accelerated declines, we expect
                                                                         Australia to be less of a drag to performance in the second half. By
While staying focused on in-year delivery, we have also made             contrast, our Africa cluster, which accounts for over 10% of Group
tangible progress both on self-help improvements to deliver greater      tobacco adjusted operating profit, grew net revenue by around 9%.
efficiency and on our long-term transformation to become a
stronger challenger business, better able to deliver consistent          Excluding Australia, AAACE tobacco revenue grew 8.8% and
market share, revenue and profit growth.                                 adjusted operating profit by 10.8% in the first half.

Although the conflict in the Middle East has resulted in a more          At the half year, our aggregate market share measure encompassing
uncertain macroeconomic environment, we remain focused on                the US, Germany, Spain, the United Kingdom and Australia was
delivering full year results in line with our guidance. The actions we   16 basis points lower than prior year. While market share remains
have taken in the first half, including combustible price increases      important, we continue to balance share and value. Across our
and transformation activities, mean that we are well placed to           major markets, we see a rapid growth of discount segments, and as
deliver the planned step-up in performance in the second half.           a result pricing ladders have been extended. This means the gap in
                                                                         industry gross margins between premium and discount segments
Creating sustainable value in combustibles                               is growing, and therefore not all points of market share are equal.
In combustibles we continue to actively manage our portfolios,           Having successfully stabilised our aggregate share across our top
carefully balancing pricing, volumes and share to generate sustainable   five markets, this evolving market dynamic means we continue to
value. At a Group level tobacco net revenue grew +1.5% at constant       evolve and fine tune how we manage our portfolio to take a more
currency as strong pricing more than offset volume declines.             segment by segment approach, to create long-term, sustainable
                                                                         value. We will not return to being the industry’s leading share donor
In Europe, our largest region which accounts for around 41% of           – the position we were in for many years before 2020.
tobacco net revenue, we recorded a strong performance with growth
in tobacco net revenue of 2.1% at constant currency. Germany             Building scale in next generation products
remains an attractive, though highly competitive, market and we          In NGP, during the first half we continued to make broad-based
continued to see an improvement in our share position over the           progress across all categories, with net revenue up 7.5%, including
period. We have focused brand equity investments on driving              strong double-digit growth in Europe and AAACE, with market share
growth in the premium segment, where Davidoff and Gauloises              gains in all three categories. Growth was led by our Heated Tobacco
continue to perform well, while also supporting Paramount, our           category, underpinned by product innovations developed through
flagship value brand. Our strategy in Spain, another market with         deep consumer insights. The continued rollout of our Pulze 3.0 device
positive long-term growth opportunities, continues to be focused on      and our refreshed range of iD heat sticks has been well received by
investment in differentiated local brands such as Ducados and            consumers, and we have seen strong growth in our focus markets
Fortuna. In the UK, where the market is pivoting to Next Generation      – Italy, Greece, Poland and Czechia. In other European markets, we
Products, our approach in combustibles remains the prioritisation        saw strong volume growth in our blu kit range in vapour, as
of value creation in our target segments. Price increases taken          consumers continue to migrate from disposable to pod-based
across our European portfolio during the first half will support full    products. In modern oral, new flavours and formats have supported
year financial delivery in the region.                                   continued growth in the Nordic markets and we are pleased with
                                                                         the progress of our Zone brand in the UK. Across our footprint, our
In the US, we have a strong business with a comprehensive portfolio      performance has also been supported by our investments in
of cigarette brands across all major price points and a distinctive      training and digital tools for our sales teams, to better equip them to
mass market cigar franchise. Here, we delivered tobacco net              succeed in our increasingly multi-category environment.
revenue growth, of 1.5% at constant currency, reflecting the timing
of combustible price increases and mix impact due to the growth of       In the US, Zone is performing well, growing volume share as we
the deep discount segment. We saw progress in the premium                continue to build long-term brand equity. However, one-off Zone
segment with Winston and KOOL, while, in deep discount, Crowns           promotional activity over the year end was more successful than
continued to gain overall market share. In March we launched             anticipated and was recorded in H1. As a result, NGP net revenue for
Malibu, which provides our consumers with a new choice in the            the region was lower year-on-year. During the second half we
growing deep discount segment. Backwoods, our premium mass               expect momentum to accelerate through recently launched new
market cigar brand, grew share of segment, and we are successfully       Zone flavours in conjunction with our channel partners and the
extending the brand into the wraps, meeting the evolving needs of        non-repeat of promotional costs. Given our strategic focus on
adult tobacco consumers. In the second half, we expect to see            modern oral, and the protracted regulatory process to approve new
stronger revenue and adjusted operating profit performance,              innovations, we have taken the decision to transition our legacy
underpinned by the flow-through of price increases taken in the          myblu vaping business out of the US market. Our loss making
first half.                                                              legacy vape business, myblu, with the current product line launched
                                                                         in 2017, makes a small and declining contribution to net revenue.
                                                                         This will also help to reduce NGP losses in H2.




                                                                                                                                      Page 4/47
CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S STATEMENT CONTINUED


Transforming to become a stronger challenger business                    Allocating capital with discipline
The delivery of our twin strategic priorities – sustainable value in     We will continue to deploy our capital in line with our transparent
combustibles and scale in NGP – is being enabled by our highly           and well-established framework. We have four priorities: invest
structured transformation programme. We are focused both on              behind our strategy to drive sustainable growth; maintain a strong
self-help activities to drive efficiency and the long-term development   and efficient balance sheet, with year end leverage at the lower end
of capabilities to ensure we continue to deliver consistent              of our 2.0 to 2.5 times net debt to EBITDA range; a progressive
performance to 2030 and beyond. During the first half we made            dividend per share policy, reflecting the underlying growth of the
demonstrable progress across our change agenda.                          business; and finally, return surplus capital to shareholders.

We are on track with the commitment we made at last year’s Capital       Following this framework, the interim dividend for HY26 has been
Markets Day of £320 million of annualised savings by the end of our      increased by 4.0% on an underlying basis.
current five-year plan. In particular, we have made good progress on
rationalising our factory footprint. We have now concluded social        In October 2025, we announced our fourth consecutive year of
plan negotiations with works council representatives at our              share buybacks with a £1.45 billion programme – and this will be
Langenhagen factory in Germany and expect to cease production            largely completed during FY26. From 2021 to the end of March this
at the site in July 2027.                                                year cumulative capital returns, through dividends and share
                                                                         buyback, totalled £11.5 billion. This represents around 77% of our
Separately, we recently announced the sale of our factory in Taiwan.     market capitalisation at the Capital Markets Day in January 2021.
                                                                         As announced at last year’s Capital Markets Day, we have
These two actions, when taken together, are expected to save             committed to an evergreen share buyback each and every year up
around £100 million per annum when fully implemented.                    to 2030, with the quantum decided each year in line with our
                                                                         capital allocation framework.
Alongside this, we are also continuing to drive manufacturing
excellence across our remaining factory footprint, improving
quality and safety, and delivering further efficiencies, delivering
around £10 million of savings in the first half.

We also see an important opportunity to strengthen our processes,        LUKAS PARAVICINI
data, and technology, to enable our people to get closer to our          CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
customers and consumers and unlock further growth. Imperial
Brands plays the role of the industry challenger. As we have
consistently said, being a challenger is for us about creating value
by getting really close to our consumers, by making highly
intentional choices about where to focus our resources and by
becoming more agile.

With this in mind, under our 2030 Strategy, we are making targeted
investments in consumer capabilities, technology and efficiency.

These will unleash the full potential of our own people, and support
more consistent growth across all categories.

To support this ambition, in February we announced a long-term,
global partnership with Capgemini, a leading business and
technology transformation company. This collaboration will drive
improvements in consumer and sales capabilities, give our people
access to Capgemini’s data-led insights and agentic AI technology
tools, and support efficiency gains.

This partnership will also deliver efficiencies and in April, we
completed a key milestone with the completion of the transfer to
Capgemini of teams in our finance, procurement and global supply
chain hubs in Poland, which comprised 386 roles.

The partnership will also support the delivery of projects already in
flight, such as the continued rollout of our enterprise-platforms,
including SAP, Salesforce and Blue Yonder, with recent go-lives in
Australia and New Zealand and in our first major manufacturing
facility, Radom in Poland.




                                                                                                                                   Page 5/47
OPERATING REVIEW




EUROPE
REGION
ALEŠ STRUMINSKÝ
PRESIDENT, EUROPE REGION
                                                                                                     Half year result                        Change
                                                                                                                                            Constant
                                                                                            2026               2025       Actual            currency
Tobacco volume                                                                bn SE         37.9              39.4       -3.9%
Tobacco & NGP net revenue                                                       £m         1,595              1,491      +7.0%              +3.3%
Tobacco net revenue                                                             £m         1,439             1,360       +5.8%               +2.1%
NGP net revenue                                                                 £m           156                 131     +19.1%             +15.3%
Adjusted operating profit                                                       £m          686                630       +8.9%               +8.1%

                                                                                                                                  Proportion of total
                                                                         Market share           Market share change       tobacco & NGP net revenue
Germany*                                                                      23.1%                         +5bps                              13%
United Kingdom                                                              36.8%                            -55ps                              6%
Spain                                                                        25.7%                        -20bps                                5%
* German market share excluding private label volumes; March estimate.



Financial performance driven by tobacco pricing and NGP                  UK market an important profit contributor to the Group
Tobacco & NGP net revenue grew 3.3% at constant currency                 In the UK, we continue to prioritise value creation, focusing on share
reflecting strong combustible pricing, with tobacco price mix of         in the segments that drive sustainable value. The UK market
6.0%, offsetting volume declines of -3.9%. There was also a strong       remains an important profit contributor to the Group. Industry
contribution from the broader market clusters outside the priority       volume declines remain relatively high at -17.0%, as the market has
markets. NGP net revenue grew 15.3% at constant currency reflecting      been impacted by above inflation excise increases, particularly in
strong modern oral performance, the continued migration to               fine cut tobacco. We increased prices in February which partially
reusable vapour devices, and positive consumer response to the           offset the impact of market volume declines. In cigarettes, we
rollout of our Pulze 3.0 device. At actual rates, tobacco & NGP net      continue to gain market share with our value focused brand,
revenue grew 7.0%.                                                       Paramount, which we launched last year into this dark market as
                                                                         consumers look for value for money, and we are successfully
Adjusted operating profit grew 8.1% at constant currency, driven by      defending our share of the premium fine cut tobacco with our
a strong tobacco performance. NGP returned an adjusted operating         Golden Virginia brand.
profit. At actual exchange rates, adjusted operating profit grew 8.9%.
                                                                         NGP net revenue growth supported by innovation
Germany turnaround continued with market share growth                    Our NGP portfolio has delivered net revenue growth of 15.3% at
In Germany, we have evolved our focus within the cigarette market        constant currency, supported by product innovations across all
and grew market share by +5 basis points over the period, as             three categories. NGP net revenue comprises around 10% of tobacco
investments in our strategic initiatives continued to gain traction.     and NGP net revenue in Europe and around 40% of the growth, all at
Germany remains an attractive and highly competitive market,             constant currency. In vaping, consumer preferences continue to
with market volume decline of -4.8% in HY26, good affordability and      move from disposable to pod-based vapour products. Our
a well-signalled excise regime. Our improved sales force                 rechargeable blu kits support this migration and we have over 10%
effectiveness supports our renewed focus on strategic combustible        market share in UK, France, Spain Greece and Portugal. In heated
and NGP brands. We manage our brand portfolio across all key price       technology, our new Pulze 3.0 device, which launched last year into
segments with focused brand equity investments for Davidoff and          Italy and Greece, continues to gain strong traction with consumers.
Gauloises supporting our share growth of the premium segment             This has been supported by continued flavour innovation of our iD
and for Paramount, our value brand, offering choice to downtrading       tobacco sticks and our flavoured non-tobacco iSenzia sticks, which
consumers, in the discount segment.                                      can both be used with the Pulze 3.0 device. In modern oral nicotine,
                                                                         we continue to innovate new flavour variants of both our Zone
Spanish performance supported by price increases                         brand and Skruf, supporting market share gains across our Nordic
In Spain, tobacco industry volumes had a decline of -2.0% compared       markets. Though early days, we are pleased with the progress of
to the same period last year. While our market share declined -20        Zone in the UK, which has gained good traction in independent
basis points, we prioritise value over share, and the decline in share   channels and has latterly moved into larger accounts.
has been reducing over the period driven by focused equity
investments in local jewel brands, Fortuna and Ducados, and global
brands, West and Paramount, the latter benefiting as consumers
continue to downtrade. This has been supported by enhanced sales
force effectiveness.




                                                                                                                                        Page 6/47
OPERATING REVIEW CONTINUED




AMERICAS
REGION
KIM REED
PRESIDENT AND CEO, AMERICAS REGION
                                                                                                     Half year result                   Change
                                                                                                                                       Constant
                                                                                             2026              2025        Actual      currency
Tobacco volume                                                                bn SE           7.7               8.0       -4.2%
Tobacco & NGP net revenue                                                       £m           1,187           1,244       -4.6%         +0.6%
Tobacco net revenue                                                             £m           1,175           1,220        -3.7%         +1.5%
NGP net revenue                                                                 £m             12                24     -50.0%        -45.8%
Adjusted operating profit                                                       £m            441              485        -9.1%         -4.1%




Financial performance reflects competitive environment                    Backwoods continued to gain share in mass market cigar
Tobacco & NGP net revenue grew 0.6% on a constant currency basis.         Our mass market cigar portfolio market share declined by -39 basis
Tobacco net revenue benefited from pricing which offset volume            points over the period. At the premium end of the pricing ladder, our
declines. NGP net revenue declined 45.8% at constant currency.            continued focus on leaf quality underpins our target consumers’
One-off Zone promotional activity over the year end was more              choice of our iconic heritage brand, Backwoods. It once again grew
successful than anticipated, and recorded in H1, which reduced net        its share of the natural leaf segment, having also taken price
revenue by around £13 million in the first half of this financial year.   increases to offset an increase in tariffs. The extension of the
This is not expected to repeat in the second half. At actual exchange     Backwoods brand into wraps continues to grow, reinforcing the
rates, tobacco & NGP net revenue declined -4.6%.                          brand’s quality perception with our target consumers.

Adjusted operating profit declined -4.1% at constant currency,            NGP net revenue reflects continued rollout of Zone and timing
reflecting additional costs from tariffs on our mass market cigars,       of promotions
on-going costs from the Delaware settlement and the reduction in          Our NGP net revenue declined -45.8% at constant currency as
NGP net revenue. At actual exchange rates, adjusted operating profit      described above. The continued rollout of our modern oral brand,
declined -9.1%.                                                           Zone, supported volume growth of over 40% and market share by +18
                                                                          basis points in the period. This reflects further rollout, with Zone
Strong pricing in combustibles offset by mix                              now available in 109,000 stores and is complemented by the launch
Our tobacco volumes declined by -4.2%, against an industry volume         of new flavour Jalapeno Lime available in both our 6mg and 9mg
decline of -5.5% in cigarettes and mass market cigar industry volumes     strengths which have been well received by the trade and
down -5.6%. Industry cigarette declines were lower than in the prior      consumers. Both supported share of 2.8% of the growing category,
year, driven by growth in the deep discount segment, reflecting the       against a backdrop of intense competition. We will continue to
launch of new discount brands and consumer downtrading. Despite           launch exclusive flavours with channel partners during H2.
the lower rate of market volume decline, the cigarette category
continues to be impacted by macroeconomic pressure on consumer            Given our strategic focus on modern oral, and the protracted
disposable income and sales of illicit vaping products.                   regulatory process to approve new innovations, we have taken the
                                                                          decision to transition our legacy myblu vaping business out of the
On a constant currency basis, tobacco net revenue grew by +1.5%,          US market. Our loss making legacy vape business, myblu, with the
as price increases offset volume declines and mix.                        current product line launched in 2017, makes a small and declining
                                                                          contribution to net revenue.
Starting with our target consumers, we focused our investment to
build brand equity in the premium and deep discount segments.
Together Winston and KOOL gained +23 basis points of share in the
premium segment supported by brand extensions launched last
year. We recently introduced a new brand, Malibu, in the growing
deep discount price segment. Our brand Crowns is now positioned
towards the top of this segment, continued to perform strongly and
gain market share. Overall, combustible share declined -20bps.

Our brand equity investments were supported by focused marketing
events and we continued development of our salesforce excellence
to enhance capabilities supported by AI-based solutions.




                                                                                                                                     Page 7/47
OPERATING REVIEW CONTINUED




AFRICA, ASIA, AUSTRALASIA AND
CENTRAL & EASTERN EUROPE REGION
PRIYALI KAMATH
PRESIDENT, AFRICA, ASIA, AUSTRALASIA AND CENTRAL & EASTERN EUROPE REGION
                                                                                                   Half year result                        Change
                                                                                                                                         Constant
                                                                                          2026               2025       Actual           currency
Tobacco volume                                                              bn SE         40.2              39.6       +1.5%
Tobacco & NGP net revenue                                                     £m          947                929       +1.9%                +1.1%
Tobacco net revenue                                                           £m          939                924       +1.6%              +0.8%
NGP net revenue                                                               £m             8                   5    +60.0%            +60.0%
Adjusted operating profit                                                     £m           352                371       -5.1%             -3.0%


                                                                                                                             Proportion of total of
                                                                       Market share           Market share change      tobacco & NGP net revenue
Australia                                                                  31.6%                         -55bps                                1%




Solid operational and financial performance                            Strong combustible contributions from our broader market clusters
Tobacco & NGP net revenue grew 1.1% at constant currency reflecting    We saw further strong growth in our African businesses. As a
growing combustible volumes and strong NGP net revenue growth          portfolio of markets, our African cluster has attractive long-term
of 60.0% driven by our refocused approach in the region and product    growth opportunities which we tap into with both international and
innovation. In combustibles, volumes reflect entry into new markets    local jewel brands. However, in any given year, we expect differing
in our Asia, Middle East and Turkey (AMET) cluster which offset the    performances from individual markets. In HY26, we saw strong
impact of steep Australian market declines. Excluding Australia,       growth in our sub-Saharan markets of Burkina Faso and
tobacco & NGP net revenue grew 9.2% at constant currency. At actual    Madagascar. In Morocco, taste innovations in our Gauloises brand
rates, tobacco & NGP net revenue grew 1.9%.                            have resonated with our consumers and we are seeing early signs
                                                                       of stabilisation in market share.
Adjusted operating profit declined -3.0% at constant currency,
reflecting the impact of Australia market volume declines.             Our Asia, Middle East and Turkey (AMET) cluster performed well
Excluding Australia, AAACE adjusted operating profit grew 12.8%.       with results reflecting strong pricing to offset market size declines
At actual exchange rates, adjusted operating profit declined -5.1%.    and the entry into the Syria market.

Refined focus in Australia, in a challenging market environment        NGP net revenue grew strongly over the period
Australia is one of our five global priority markets. Against the      NGP net revenue grew 60.0% driven by growth in heated tobacco
backdrop of steep market volume declines, driven by the                and vapour. Our new heated technology device, Pulze 3.0, has
introduction of new regulations last year and growth of illicit        resonated with our target consumers in our Central & Eastern
products, we prioritised value through pricing, with overall market    Europe cluster and been supported by new flavours in our iD tobacco
share declining -55bps. Where enforcement actions have been            and tea-based iSenzia sticks, both which can be used with the new
taken against illicit trade, for example in Queensland, we have seen   device. In vaping, consumers continue to transition from disposable
localised improvement in market dynamics, though these have not        to pod-based systems supported by the rollout of our rechargeable
been widespread.                                                       blu bar kit. Having launched in New Zealand last year, we grew
                                                                       market share to 3.7% by the end of the period. We have also grown
We have refined our focus on the brands that resonate with our         our market share to over 10% in Slovakia since launch two years ago.
target consumers. With these consumers in mind, and within the
new regulatory framework, we refined our Champion blend in
premium fine cut tobacco, to meet consumer needs, and in cigarettes
we prioritised value with our JPS and Parker & Simpson brands and
launched Classics to capture downtraders.

We have strong channel relationships in Australia and have been
careful to maintain these while identifying opportunities to
optimise our cost base to reflect market dynamics.




                                                                                                                                      Page 8/47
OPERATING REVIEW CONTINUED




DISTRIBUTION

                                                                                                     Half year result                     Change
                                                                                                                                         Constant
                                                                                             2026              2025         Actual       currency
Distribution gross profit                                                       £m           788               764         +3.1%          -1.3%
Adjusted operating profit                                                       £m            169               165        +2.4%          -3.0%
Adjusted operating profit margin                                                 %           21.5              21.6      -15.0bps      -37.0bps
Eliminations                                                                    £m             (4)                 1    -500.0%        -500.0%
Adjusted operating profit (inc. eliminations)                                   £m            165               166       -0.6%          -6.0%




Distribution consists of our 50.01% stake in Logista                     Adjusted operating profit
Logista is a Spanish-listed distributor of tobacco and other             Adjusted operating profit margin decreased by 37 basis points at
convenience products and provider of freight, parcel, courier            constant currency. After eliminations, the adjusted operating
services and pharmaceutical logistics. It operates an end-to-end         profit contribution to the Group decreased -6.0% on a constant
distribution model that covers the full value chain from collection      currency basis. At actual exchange rates, adjusted operating profit
to delivery to more than 200,000 points of sale across Europe. In line   decreased 0.6%.
with Logista’s diversification strategy, non-tobacco-related business
represents over 50% of gross profit.                                     Cash contribution
                                                                         In line with the rest of Imperial Brands, Logista is part of the inter-
Financial performance was in line with expectations                      company cash pooling arrangement, which further enhances the
Gross profit at £788 million was -1.3% lower on a constant currency      Group’s liquidity. On a 12-month basis, the daily average cash
basis with good performances in Italy offset by lower gross profit in    balance loaned to the Group by Logista was c.£1.8 billion, with
Spain and France driven by lower profit on tobacco inventory.            movements in the cash position during the 12-month period
                                                                         varying from a high of c.£2.6 billion to a low of c.£0.7 billion,
Gross Profit reflected the lower contribution from profit                primarily due to the timing of excise duty payments. At 31 March
on tobacco inventory relative to the prior period                        2026, the loan position was c.£1.6 billion compared to c.£1.3 billion at
In Iberia, gross profit decline was driven in part by tobacco and        31 March 2025.
related products, with the former impacted by lower manufacturer
price increases in Spain than in the prior year. This was combined
with a decline in long-distance transport, reflecting lower activity
at Transportes El Mosca, where a refocus on client mix is expected
to improve profitable sales. Parcel remained broadly stable, with
good performance in pharmaceutical and food, offsetting the
weakness in frozen activity. The Nacex courier business recorded
good performance in the region. Pharmaceutical distribution
continues to expand both its customer base and product offering.

In Italy, gross profit was supported by a good performance in
tobacco, despite manufacturers price increases leading to a lower
profit on inventory compared to the prior year.

In France, gross profit reflects tobacco volume declines, partially
offset by price increases following excise tax increases and
subsequent manufacturer price increases, although profit on
inventory for the period was lower than in the prior year.




                                                                                                                                      Page 9/47
FINANCIAL REVIEW




DELIVERING
RETURNS
STRENGTHENING OUR PERFORMANCE
During the period, we made a strong start to the implementation of our 2030 Strategy and continued our focused investment in our
consumer capabilities, brand building and sales execution. In combustibles, we look to balance market share and value. Having stabilised
our aggregate share across our priority markets over the last five years, we continue to evolve our approach to reflect changing market
dynamics and our focus on more profitable segments to deliver long-term value. In NGP, we continue to build scale across our regions. Our
progress in the first half means we are well placed to deliver our full year guidance and builds on the foundations for delivery over the next
five-year phase.

On a constant currency basis, tobacco & NGP net revenue grew 1.8%, and Group adjusted operating profit grew 0.6% on prior year.

Reported revenue increased 0.8%, reflecting stronger tobacco volume in AAACE, growth in NGP and gains in Distribution offsetting weaker
volumes in Australia. Reported operating profit decreased -36.5%, reflecting costs associated with the Delaware settlement and
implementation of the 2030 Strategy.

Cash generation remains a key focus. The free cash outflow of £663 million reported in the period increased year-on-year reflecting the
payment of £150 million to R J Reynolds, following the decision of the Supreme Court of Delaware in December 2025. We remain on track
to deliver strong positive free cash flow at full year. Reported net debt increased by £0.5 billion to £10.9 billion and adjusted net debt/EBITDA
on a 12-month basis remained flat at 2.4 times.

In line with the ongoing, multi-year share buyback programme announced in October 2022, we initiated a further £1.45 billion of share
buyback programme in October 2025. In the period, we completed the remaining £0.1 billion of the FY25 share buyback and we repurchased
£0.7 billion of the £1.45 billion share buyback underway in FY26. We also announced an increase in our interim dividend per share of 4.0%
for FY26.

Summary income statement
                                                                                                                                                                         Half year result
                                                                                                                                       Reported                                  Adjusted
£ million unless otherwise indicated                                                                                    2026               2025                2026                 2025
Revenue/net revenue/gross profit*
Tobacco & NGP revenue/net revenue                                                                                    8,968               9,245              3,729                3,664
Distribution revenue/gross profit                                                                                     5,751              5,359                 788                  764
Operating profit
Total Tobacco & NGP                                                                                                     776              1,294               1,479                1,486
Distribution                                                                                                             153                161                169                   165
Eliminations                                                                                                              (4)                  1                 (4)                    1
Group operating profit                                                                                                  925              1,456               1,644                1,652
Net finance cost                                                                                                        (137)              (162)              (223)                 (199)
Share of profit of investments accounted for using the equity method                                                       3                  4                   3                    4
Profit before tax                                                                                                        791             1,298               1,424                 1,457
Tax                                                                                                                    (242)               (412)              (334)                (342)
Profit for the year                                                                                                     549               886               1,090                   1,115
Minority Interests                                                                                                       (74)              (78)                (76)                 (80)
Earnings per ordinary share (pence)                                                                                    59.9               96.7                127.7               123.9
Dividend per share (pence)                                                                                           83.36               80.16              83.36                 80.16
* Tobacco & NGP net revenue is reported revenue less duty and similar items, sale of peripheral products and Distribution (Logista) gross profit. Distribution gross profit is
  Distribution revenue less the cost of distributing products. This was previously referred to as Distribution net revenue.


Alternative performance measures (APM)
When managing the performance of our business we focus on non-GAAP measures, which we refer to as alternative measures. We believe
they provide a useful comparison of underlying performance from one period to the next, as GAAP measures can include one-off,
non-recurring items and recurring items that relate to earlier acquisitions. These APMs are supplementary to, and should not be regarded
as a substitute for, GAAP measures, which we refer to as reported measures. The basis of our APMs is explained in the accounting policies
accompanying our financial statements and the APM section within the Supplementary Information.

Reconciliations between reported and adjusted measures are included in the Supplementary Information. Percentage growth figures for
adjusted results are given on a constant currency basis, where the effects of exchange rate movements on the translation of the results of
our overseas operations are removed.

While we believe that APMs can provide helpful information which supplements reported measures, we are also aware of the need to
ensure that an appropriate balance is maintained between the two sets of reporting metrics, with adjusted disclosures not being given
greater prominence than GAAP measures.



                                                                                                                                                                          Page 10/47
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED


Group results – adjusted constant currency analysis
                                                                               Half year                                   Half year
                                                                                  ended                     Constant          ended                 Constant
                                                                               31 March        Foreign      currency       31 March                 currency
£ million unless otherwise indicated                                               2025      exchange      movement            2026     Change       change
Tobacco & NGP net revenue
     Europe                                                                      1,491            55            49          1,595       7.0%          3.3%
     Americas                                                                   1,244            (64)             7             1,187   (4.6%)       0.6%
     Africa, Asia, Australasia and Central & Eastern Europe                       929                8           10              947     1.9%         1.1%
     Tobacco & NGP net revenue                                                  3,664                (1)        66          3,729        1.8%         1.8%
Tobacco & NGP adjusted operating profit
     Europe                                                                       630                5           51             686     8.9%          8.1%
     Americas                                                                     485            (24)           (20)             441    (9.1%)       (4.1%)
     Africa, Asia, Australasia and Central & Eastern Europe                        371             (8)           (11)            352    (5.1%)       (3.0%)
     Tobacco & NGP adjusted operating profit                                    1,486            (27)           20           1,479      (0.6%)        1.3%
Distribution
     Gross profit                                                                 764             34            (10)            788      3.1%        (1.3%)
     Adjusted operating profit including eliminations                              166               9          (10)             165    (0.6%)       (6.0%)
Group adjusted results
     Adjusted operating profit                                                   1,652            (18)           10         1,644       (0.5%)       0.6%
     Adjusted net finance costs                                                   (199)              (7)        (17)            (223)   (12.1%)      (8.5%)
     Adjusted EPS (pence)                                                        123.9          (2.8)           6.6             127.7    3.1%        5.3%



SALES PERFORMANCE

REPORTED REVENUE                                                        TOBACCO & NGP NET REVENUE

+0.8%                                                                   +1.8%
• Reported revenue increased 0.8% reflecting stronger volume in AAACE, growth in NGP and gains in Distribution offsetting weaker
  volumes in Australia.
• Tobacco & NGP net revenue increased 1.8% at constant currency with tobacco +1.5% and NGP +7.5%.
• Tobacco volume was down -1.5%, reflecting new market launches in AAACE offset by wider industry market size declines in Europe and
  the USA.
• Aggregate market share in our priority markets declined by -16 bps, as we balanced share with value creation.
• Tobacco price mix was +3.0% due to robust pricing partially offset by mix.
• NGP net revenue increased 7.5% at constant currency, as strong growth in Europe and AAACE more than offset declines in USA; one-off
  modern oral promotional activity in the US over the year end was more successful than anticipated, and recorded in H1, which led to a
  consequent reduction in NGP net revenue in the first half of this financial year.
• Translation foreign exchange had no impact as sterling strengthened against the USD dollar and offset by weakness against the euro.
                                                  +1.8%                                                                 -0.0%                +1.8%


                                                                 £12m                      £3,730m                     £(1)m                £3,729m
                                                  £105m


       £3,664m                         £(51)m




    HY25 tobacco                       Tobacco   Tobacco           NGP                HY26 constant               Translation             HY26 tobacco
     & NGP net                         volume    price mix     net revenue             currency net                   FX                   & NGP net
      revenue                                                                            revenue                                            revenue




                                                                                                                                                  Page 11/47
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED


OPERATING PROFIT

REPORTED OPERATING PROFIT                                                   GROUP ADJUSTED OPERATING PROFIT

(36.5)%                                                                     +0.6%
• Reported Group operating profit of £925m declined -36.5% due to costs associated with the Delaware settlement and implementation
  of 2030 Strategy.
• Adjusted Group operating profit grew 0.6% year-on-year at constant currency as improved tobacco profitability was offset by a decline
  in adjusted operating profit in Distribution.
• Tobacco adjusted operating profit grew 1.5% at constant currency as pricing gains were supported by robust cost control; reported
  tobacco operating profit decreased -38.3% at actual rates due to costs associated with the Delaware settlement and implementation of the
  2030 Strategy.
• Adjusted NGP losses were £40m, a £3m increase on prior year, at constant currency, reflecting performance in Europe and AAACE offset
  by the decline in US NGP net revenue in H1; reported NGP operating losses decreased 1.6% at actual rates reflecting costs related to the
  decision to transition our legacy myblu vaping business out of the US market, which were not present in the prior year, offsetting lower
  amortisation of intangibles.
• Distribution adjusted operating profit declined -3.0% at constant currency, reflecting lower tobacco profits; reported Distribution operating
  profit declined -5.0%.
• Translation foreign exchange reflects sterling strengthening against the US dollar partly offset by euro strengthening against sterling.
                                                    +0.6%                                                            -1.1%                  -0.5%


                              £23m                  £(3)m
                                                                    £(10)m

                                                                                        £1,662m                      £(18)m

     £1,652m
                                                                                                                                           £1,644m




    HY25 AOP              Tobacco                    NGP            Logista           HY26 constant              Translation               HY26 AOP
                        performance              performance                          currency AOP                   FX




EARNINGS PER SHARE

REPORTED EPS                                                                ADJUSTED EPS

(38.1)%                                                                     + 5.3%
• Reported EPS declined -38.1% to 59.9 pence, as a result of lower operating profits due to the Delaware settlement and 2030 Strategy costs,
  partly offset by lower tax rate and lower financing costs and reduced share count due to the ongoing share buyback.
• Adjusted EPS was 127.7 pence, up 5.3% at constant currency reflecting reduced share count due to the ongoing share buyback more than
  offsetting increased finance costs.
                                                         +5.3%                                                                 -2.2%           +3.1%


                                                                                     6.5p               130.5p                 (2.8)p

                                                                                                                                              127.7p

                     1.2p             (2.0)p
    123.9p                                                  0.6p     0.3p




    HY25          Adjusted            Interest         Minorities     Tax          Number                 HY26               Translation       HY26
   adjusted       operating                              & JV                      of shares            adjusted                 FX           adjusted
     EPS            proﬁt                                                                               constant                                EPS
                                                                                                      currency EPS




                                                                                                                                             Page 12/47
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED


Summary cash flow statement*
                                                                                                                                    Half year result
                                                                                                         Reported                         Adjusted
£ million unless otherwise indicated                                                         2026           2025            2026              2025
Group operating profit                                                                       925           1,456          1,644             1,652
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                    326            329             156                146
EBITDA                                                                                       1,251         1,785          1,800             1,798
Other non-cash movements                                                                      315            (20)           (40)                (14)
Operating cash flows before movement in working capital                                     1,566          1,765          1,760             1,784
Working capital                                                                            (1,336)        (1,425)         (1,336)          (1,425)
Tax cash flow                                                                                (363)          (372)          (363)             (372)
Cash flows from operating activities                                                         (133)           (32)             61                (13)
Net capital expenditure                                                                      (162)          (144)           (162)             (144)
2030 Strategy cash costs                                                                        –              –            (37)                 (6)
Restructuring                                                                                   –              –              (7)               (13)
Cash interest                                                                                (261)          (239)           (261)            (239)
Minority interest dividends                                                                  (107)          (102)          (107)              (102)
Settlement costs of historic legal cases                                                        –              –           (150)                  –
Free cash flow                                                                               (663)          (517)          (663)              (517)
Acquisitions/disposals                                                                          –            (78)              –               (78)
Shareholder dividends                                                                        (637)         (906)           (637)             (906)
Contributions to share schemes                                                                  –              3               –                  3
Repurchase of shares                                                                        (809)          (620)           (809)             (620)
Net cash flow                                                                              (2,109)         (2,118)       (2,109)            (2,118)
Leases paid                                                                                   (46)           (48)
Increase in borrowings                                                                      1,795          2,128
Repayment of borrowings                                                                      (567)          (475)
Cash flow relating to derivative instruments                                                   (7)           20
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (934)          (493)

Cash flow
Reported cash outflows from operating activities of £(133) million (2025: £(32) million outflow) include £150 million settlement costs of the
Delaware legal case. Adjusted cash flows from operating activities were £61 million (2025: £(13) million outflow) reflecting an improvement
in working capital.

As anticipated, gross capital expenditure increased to £182 million (2025: £167 million). Capital expenditure net of the proceeds from the
sale of assets, or net capital expenditure, also increased to £162 million (2025: £144 million). Net capital expenditure at the full year is
anticipated to be within a range of £300 million to £350 million supporting projects to drive simplified and efficient operations in line with
our strategic plan.

Adjusted operating cash conversion was 98% (2025: 99%) on a 12-month basis.
                                                                                                                                    Half year result
£ million unless otherwise indicated                                                                                        2026              2025
12-month adjusted operating profit                                                                                       3,980             3,894
12-month cash flow post capital expenditure pre interest and tax                                                          3,899            3,856
12-month adjusted operating cash conversion                                                                                98%               99%

Free cash outflow of £(663) million (2025: £(517) million outflow) increased reflecting the payment of £150 million to R J Reynolds, following
the decision of the Supreme Court of Delaware in December 2025.

Cash costs of £37 million relate to the implementation of the 2030 Strategy. Restructuring cash costs relating to Board-approved
restructuring programmes totalled £7 million (2025: £13 million) and comprised cash spend from the 2021 Strategic Review Programme of
£3 million (2025: £7 million) and other programmes £4 million (2024: £6 million). The remaining cash spend from older strategic
programmes is ongoing, although not expected to be in excess of the existing provisions.

The net cash outflow of £(2,109) million (2025: £(2,118) million) remained largely similar year-on-year. Lower acquisition costs and reduced
dividend payout, reflecting the move to four equal dividend payments in the prior year, were fully offset by the increase in free cash outflow
and a higher share buyback. There were no acquisition costs (2025: £(78) million) in the period. The share buyback programme commenced
in October 2022 and in October 2025 we announced a further share buyback of up to £1.45 billion of shares in FY26. The £809 million
repurchase of shares includes the cash spend of £106 million associated with the remaining £1.25 billion FY25 and the start of the £1.45 billion
FY26 share buyback programmes and £1 million by Logista to satisfy their share remuneration schemes.




                                                                                                                                     Page 13/47
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED


Adjusted net debt/EBITDA
Adjusted net debt increased by £562 million (2025: £9,956 million) year-on-year driven by adverse foreign exchange movements and the
payment of £150 million to R J Reynolds. On a 12-month basis, adjusted net debt/EBITDA remained at 2.4 times.

Reported net debt increased by £472 million to £10,943 million (2025: £10,471 million). Excluding accrued interest, lease liabilities and the
fair value of derivative financial instruments providing commercial hedges of interest risk, Group adjusted net debt was £10,518 million
(2025: £9,956 million).
                                                                                                                                      Half year result
£ million                                                                                                                  2026                 2025
Reported net debt                                                                                                       (10,943)            (10,471)
Accrued interest                                                                                                            80                    67
Lease liabilities                                                                                                          404                  394
Fair value of interest rate derivatives                                                                                     (59)                  54
Adjusted net debt                                                                                                       (10,518)            (9,956)
12-month EBITDA                                                                                                          4,301                 4,191
Adjusted net debt/EBITDA                                                                                                  2.4x                  2.4x

Reconciliation between reported and adjusted performance measures
                                                                                                                                      Half year result
                                                                     Operating profit      Net finance (costs)/income      Earnings per share (pence)
£ million unless otherwise indicated                         2026              2025        2026                2025        2026                 2025
Reported                                                      925             1,456        (137)               (162)      59.9                 96.7
Amortisation & impairment
of acquired intangibles                                       170               183            –                   –       21.4                 21.3
Settlement cost of historic legal cases                       313                  –                               –      29.6                      –
2030 Strategy review programme                                210                  6           –                   –       19.0                  0.7
Other adjusting items                                          26                  7           –                   –        2.7                  0.7
Net fair value and exchange movements
on financial instruments                                         –                 –        (93)                (33)        (9.1)                 1.2
Post-employment benefits net financing costs                     –                 –           6                   5        0.4                  0.4
Taxation settlements interest costs/(income)                     –                 –            1                 (9)        0.1                  (1.1)
Recognition of deferred tax assets                               –                 –           –                   –        4.0                  4.2
Adjustments above attributable
to non-controlling interests                                     –                 –           –                   –       (0.3)                (0.2)
Adjusted                                                    1,644             1,652        (223)               (199)      127.7               123.9

Adjusting items
The main reconciling terms of the Group’s adjusted to reported operating profit are shown above.

In the period to 31 March 2026 adjusting items relate to amortisation of acquired intangibles of £170 million (2025: £183 million) across
Tobacco & NGP. Settlement of the Delaware legal case £312 million (2025: nil) and costs relating to our 2030 Strategy £210 million (2025:
£6 million) comprising £173m of liabilities and £37m cash costs. Other adjusting items £26 million include Distribution costs £16 million;
costs of £7 million relating to the decision to transition our legacy myblu vaping business out of the US market; and structural changes to
defined benefit pension schemes £3 million (2025: £7 million).




                                                                                                                                       Page 14/47
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED


Finance costs
Adjusted net finance costs were higher at £223 million (2025: £199 million), primarily due to higher average adjusted net debt. Reported net
finance costs were £137 million (2025: £162 million), incorporating the impact of net fair value and exchange movements on financial
instruments of £93 million (2025: £33 million), post-employment benefits net financing costs of £6 million (2025: £5 million) and £1 million
in interest expense from taxation settlements (2025: income of £9 million). The gains on financial instruments are primarily due to fair
value gains of £104 million, driven by rising long-term interest rates amid ongoing geopolitical volatility.

Our all-in cost of debt increased to 4.2% (2025: 4.1%).

We anticipate adjusted net finance costs will increase in the second half of the financial year with adjusted net finance costs for the full
year expected to be around £470 million.

Taxation
Our adjusted effective tax rate is 23.5% (HY25: 23.5%) and the reported effective tax rate is 30.6% (HY25: 31.8%). The Reported tax rate is
higher than the Adjusted tax rate due to the utilisation of Deferred Tax Assets recognised in FY24, tax on settlement of historic legal cases,
2030 Strategy review programme costs and tax arising on fair value and foreign exchange movements.

We expect our adjusted effective tax rate for the year ended 30 September 2026 to be between 23.0% to 24.0% (FY25: 23.3%).

The effective tax rate is sensitive to the geographic mix of profits, reflecting a combination of higher rates in certain markets such as the
US and Germany and lower rates in other markets.

The rate is also sensitive to future legislative changes affecting international businesses such as changes arising from the OECD’s
(Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development) Base Erosion and Profits Shifting (BEPS) and increased volatility in global tax
law and regulation. Whilst we seek to mitigate the impact of these changes, we anticipate there will be further upward pressure on the
adjusted and reported tax rates in the medium term.

Our Group tax strategy is publicly available and can be found in the Governance section of our corporate website.

Exchange rates
Foreign exchange had a negative impact on Group adjusted operating profit and earnings per share at average exchange rates (1.1% and
2.2%, respectively) as sterling strengthened against the US dollar (5.4%) and weakened against the euro (4.3%).

Dividend payments
The Group has paid two dividends in this financial year, the first being 40.08 pence per share in December 2025 and the second being 40.08
pence per share in March 2026.

The Board has approved an interim dividend of 83.36 pence (2025: 80.16 pence) per share which represents an increase of 4.0% over the prior
year and is in line with the Group’s progressive dividend policy. The interim dividend will be paid in two instalments of 41.68 pence (2025:
40.08 pence) per share with the first payment being paid on 30 June 2026 to shareholders registered on 22 May 2026 and the second
payment being paid on 30 September 2026 to shareholders registered on 21 August 2026.
Dividend payments                                                                     Amount (pence)       Ex-date    Record date   Payment date
First interim                                                                                41.68     21-May-26     22-May-26      30-Jun-26
Second interim                                                                               41.68     20-Aug-26     21-Aug-26      30-Sep-26
Third interim                                                                     To be announced      25-Nov-26     26-Nov-26      31-Dec-26
Final                                                                             To be announced       18-Feb-27     19-Feb-27     31-Mar-27

Funding/liquidity
During the half year, we repaid a €650 million bond and issued a new €900 million bond with a coupon of 3.875% maturing in August 2033.
The denomination of our closing adjusted net debt continues to be materially all euro. As at 31 March 2026, the Group had committed
financing in place of around £13.9 billion, which comprised 4% commercial paper issuances, 24% bank facilities and 72% raised from
capital markets.

The Group maintains the €3 billion syndicated multi-currency revolving credit facility provided by 18 lenders, with an initial maturity date
of 31 March 2029 and rolling, automatic, annual extensions.

The Group remains fully compliant with all our banking covenants and remains committed to retaining our investment grade ratings.




                                                                                                                                    Page 15/47
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED


Principal risks and uncertainties
Principal Risk Framework
Risk Management is the responsibility of everyone across the Group. Whilst the Board remains ultimately accountable for Risk Management,
our approach is designed to enable our people to proactively identify and assess risks on an ongoing basis and to ensure the effectiveness
and appropriateness of related mitigating actions. The business is supported by subject matter experts in our second line of defence to
ensure the Group’s control frameworks align to achieving our strategic objectives whilst operating within the Board’s defined risk appetite.
We are committed to continuous strengthening of the Group’s risk management framework by seeking opportunities to enhance and
further standardise the implementation of risk management and controls throughout the Group. The Integrated Assurance Forum
continues to oversee the implementation of enhancements to our control framework to align with the new requirements of the Provision
29 of the UK Corporate Governance Code and to oversee the assurance provision for the material risks of the Group.

The Board continues to monitor the principal risks and uncertainties to which the Group is exposed. The approach to managing the
principal risks remains consistent with that identified on pages 66-73 of our 2025 Annual Report and Accounts. As part of the continued
evolution of the Group’s risk management framework, we have updated certain principal risks to better reflect the most significant
underlying risks to our organisation. These changes include the previous ‘Environment’ principal risk being substituted by ‘Non-Financial
Reporting’ to focus on the most material aspect of the risk, and to include wider non-financial reporting risks outside of environmental
disclosures. The previous ‘Transformation’ principal risk has been updated to ‘Transformation and Organisation’ to reflect the importance
of organisational aspects of transformation. Finally, the ‘Supply Chain Resilience’ principal risk has been updated to ‘Manufacturing &
Distribution’ to focus the scope of the risk on the controllable elements of supply chain risk. The Ethics & Compliance risk was updated to
refine the scope of this risk to the most material aspects and to re-align with internal accountabilities. The list below shows a refreshed
look at our Principal risks, which remain broadly aligned with those identified in the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts:
Risk                       Risk description
Regulatory Change          Risks relating to the impact of future regulatory change on our ability to produce, market and sell our products
Pricing & Excise Change    Risks relating to the impact of future excise changes and our ability to achieve planned pricing
Consumer & Market          Risks relating to the impact of changing consumer behaviour and market trends and size on commercial
Trends                     objectives, for example due to economic pressures and illicit trade in tobacco products
Product Development        Risks relating to effective product development aligned to consumer preferences and regulatory requirements
Technology & Cyber         Risks relating to the ability of IT infrastructure to support business and regulatory requirements and protect
Resilience                 against cyber attack
Non-Financial Reporting Risks relating to the integrity of non-financial reporting in accordance with prescribed rules and regulations
Transformation             Risks relating to the design, implementation and value realisation of transformation initiatives and the
& Organisation             capabilities, culture, knowledge and leadership of the organisation
Manufacturing              Risks relating to our ability to produce and distribute finished goods in line with plan, quality and cost targets
& Distribution
Ethics & Compliance        Risks relating to the integrity, responsible and ethical behaviour by our organisation, our employees and our
                           business partners

The principal risks and uncertainties are expected to stay substantially the same over the remaining six months of the financial year,
while they continue to be closely monitored and may be subject to change.

Enterprise risk profile update
A summary of key updates in relation to the Group’s principal risks is included below.

The Group is exposed to geopolitical and economic conditions of the countries and regions in which it operates, which could impact its
largest markets and may affect continuity of supply as well as the Group’s employees. As a multinational we are exposed to a wide variety
of operating environments and cultures, and so local assessment of risks and impacts forms a key input to our ongoing management of
risks, with support available from second line centres of expertise. This approach ensures responsibility for identification, assessment, and
mitigation of risks is consistently understood and applied across the business. Any adverse geopolitical or economic developments in, or
affecting, the Group’s key countries and regions, including, but not limited to, the outbreak of war or conflict, pandemics, inflation, volatile
interest rates, recessionary conditions and changes to tariff regimes, could impact the Group, its operations and its people. The Group
continues to monitor the situation, particularly in the Middle East, including consideration of any potential impacts to people security,
product supply, logistics costs and energy prices with crisis response and mitigation plans in progress. The Group has experienced some
disruption to shipments and product supply in the region, although mitigation plans are in place to minimise impacts.




                                                                                                                                     Page 16/47
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED


The Group continues to operate in a challenging external environment. The impact of inflation as well as cost increases, caused for example
by the Middle East crisis, may continue to place pressure upon our cost base and consumer disposable income, potentially creating
affordability concerns. This, in turn, could result in reduced consumption, consumer downtrading or increased consumption of illicit products.

These pressures could adversely impact the size of the legitimate nicotine market with additional impacts from regulatory change, excise
tax or increases in other product taxes. Combustible industry volume decline rates have been broadly in line with the previous year, with
some accelerated decline rates (e.g. Australia) being somewhat offset by comparably less pressure on industry volumes in e.g. US. However,
there remains a risk that the pace of market size decline and growth of illicit trade may outstrip the forecasted market size declines, which
may not be able to be offset with pricing.

The risk of further supply chain disruptions impacting the Group continues to be actively considered across all regions. The Group is
exposed to the geopolitical, economic and climate conditions of the countries and regions in which it operates, which could impact the
supply chain as a result of energy or labour shortages, raw material pricing and availability, sanctions, physical disruption to infrastructure
and supply routes or increased logistics costs. The Group continues to develop its operational resilience planning across our internal and
extended supply chain, key customers and service providers.

Regulatory change aimed at further de-normalising the consumption of tobacco and nicotine products potentially adversely impacts the
Group. As well as the continued introduction of more restrictive regulation for combustible tobacco, increasing regulatory maturity and
complexity is being seen within NGP categories as the market for alternatives to combustibles grows. There is also continued pressure on
disposable and flavoured vape products, with new restrictions passed or proposed in multiple European markets, which include sub-
category bans and increased ingredients restrictions on vape products. The Group continues to prepare for implementation of EUTPD3,
with in-market application now expected from 2029 to 2030. In the US, at state level, several legislatures are seeking to pass flavour bans
and other legislative proposals impacting combustibles.

The Group is impacted by excise, tax and regulatory risks across all regions and appropriate mitigations continue to be applied to manage
the impact of both current and future regulatory change. The EU Tobacco and Excise Directive (EUTED) is now likely to incorporate a four-
year transition period from 2028, partially mitigating any potential impacts for the Group, although there remains a risk as the proposed
minima, which is still under negotiations, remains high relative to prevailing rates in some key European markets. There is an encouraging
trend for some higher tax jurisdictions, such as Australia, to be investing more in anti-illicit trade and regulatory compliance activities.
We will continue to encourage such investments as part of our efforts to seek regulation that is predictable, proportionate, and policed.

In the US, one set of Zone PMTAs remain under FDA review with no guarantee of timely or successful outcomes. For another set of Zone
PMTAs, the FDA has issued a refuse-to-file (RTF) letter. ITG believes that its Zone application meets the agency’s standards and have filed
a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia challenging the FDA’s RTF. As part of those proceedings, our US business
reached an agreement with the FDA confirming that the affected products may remain on the market while the case continues and that
any potential enforcement action would include advance notice to our US business and an opportunity to challenge the enforcement in
court proceedings.

The Group continues to keep abreast of and prepare for new legislative requirements, including reporting of non-financial data such as the
EU Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive (CSRD) and the UK Sustainability Reporting Standards (SRS) S2. The final CSRD and
Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (CSDDD) requirements in the form of the Omnibus have now been approved and came into
force in March 2026. Imperial’s Non-Financial Reporting Steering Committee ensure we remain on track to disclose in line with the new
requirements, including UK SRS S2, CSRD and CSDDD which the Group will be required to comply with in 2027, 2028 and 2030 respectively.

While the Group continues to be exposed to ethics and compliance risks, reflecting the Group’s complex and evolving supply chains,
reliance on third-party partners and operations in emerging markets, the Group’s ESG Committee and People, Governance & Sustainability
(PGS) Committee oversee improvements to reporting and investigative capability.

The Group continuously evaluates the risk posed by cyber criminals combined with current geopolitical tensions and the increasing
proliferation of Artificial Intelligence and will continue to monitor the effectiveness of our security controls. The Group is actively
implementing additional measures to further mitigate cyber risk.

The Group continues to successfully progress with its transformation initiatives in support of delivery of its 2030 Strategy. Our Principal
risk regarding Transformation and Organisation captures resulting changes in enterprise risk profile. The Group is closely monitoring and
mitigating these through the transformation risk management framework and strong governance, to best ensure achievement of intended
positive commercial and strategic outcomes.




                                                                                                                                    Page 17/47
FINANCIAL REVIEW CONTINUED


Liquidity and going concern statement
The Group’s policy is to ensure that we always have sufficient capital markets funding and committed bank facilities in place to meet
foreseeable peak borrowing requirements.

The Group recognises there can be uncertainty in the external environment, however, during past periods of disruption, the Group
effectively managed operations across the world and has proved it has an established mechanism to operate efficiently despite this
uncertainty. The Directors consider that a one-off discrete event with immediate cash outflow is of greatest impact to the short-term
liquidity of the Group.

The Directors have assessed the emerging and principal risks of the business, including stress testing a range of different scenarios that
may affect the business. These included scenarios which examined the implications of:
• A one-off discrete event resulting in immediate cash outflow of c.£500 million, e.g. due to unexpected duty and tax payments; and/or
  other legal and regulatory risks materialising; and
• A rapid and lasting deterioration to the Group’s profitability because markets become closed to tobacco products or there are sustained
  failures to our tobacco manufacturing and supply chains. These assumed a permanent reduction in profitability of 10% from 1 April 2026.
The scenario planning also considered mitigation actions including reductions to capital expenditure and dividend payments. There are
additional actions that were not modelled but could be taken including other cost mitigations such as staff redundancies, working capital
management, retrenchment of leases, and discussions with lenders about capital structure.

Based on its review of future cash flows covering the period through to 31 May 2027, and having assessed the principal risks facing the
Group, the Board is of the opinion that the Group as a whole and Imperial Brands PLC have adequate resources to meet their operational
needs for a period of twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements, and concludes that it is appropriate to prepare the
financial statements on a going concern basis.

Statement of Directors’ responsibilities
The Directors confirm that this condensed consolidated interim financial information has been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted
IAS 34 and that the interim management report includes a fair review of the information required by DTR 4.2.7 and DTR 4.2.8, namely: an
indication of important events that have occurred during the first six months of the financial year and their impact on the condensed set
of financial statements, and a description of the principal risks and uncertainties for the remaining six months of the financial year; and
material related-party transactions in the first six months of the current financial year and any material changes in the related-party
transactions described in the last annual report.

A list of current Directors is maintained on the Imperial Brands PLC website: www.imperialbrandsplc.com.

The Directors are responsible for the maintenance and integrity of the Company’s website. Legislation in the United Kingdom governing
the preparation and dissemination of financial statements may differ from legislation in other jurisdictions.




MURRAY MCGOWAN
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER




                                                                                                                                   Page 18/47
INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT TO IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC




INDEPENDENT REVIEW REPORT
TO IMPERIAL BRANDS PLC
Conclusion
We have been engaged by the Company to review the condensed consolidated interim financial statements in the Half Year Results
Statement of Imperial Brands PLC for the six months ended 31 March 2026 which comprises the consolidated income statement,
consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated balance sheet, consolidated statement of changes in equity, consolidated
cash flow statement and the notes to the financial statements, including the supplementary information. We have read the other information
contained in the Half Year Results Statement and considered whether it contains any apparent misstatements or material inconsistencies
with the information in the condensed consolidated interim financial statements.

Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated interim financial
statements in the Half Year Results Statement for the six months ended 31 March 2026 is not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance
with UK adopted International Accounting Standard 34 and the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency Rules of the United Kingdom’s
Financial Conduct Authority.

Basis for conclusion
We conducted our review in accordance with International Standard on Review Engagements 2410 (UK) “Review of Interim Financial
Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” (ISRE) issued by the Financial Reporting Council. A review of interim
financial information consists of making enquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying
analytical and other review procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with International
Standards on Auditing (UK) and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant
matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

As disclosed in note 1, the annual financial statements of the group are prepared in accordance with UK adopted international accounting
standards. The condensed consolidated interim financial statements included in this Half Year Results Statement has been prepared in
accordance with UK adopted International Accounting Standard 34, “Interim Financial Reporting”.

Conclusions relating to going concern
Based on our review procedures, which are less extensive than those performed in an audit as described in the Basis of Conclusion section
of this report, nothing has come to our attention to suggest that management have inappropriately adopted the going concern basis of
accounting or that management have identified material uncertainties relating to going concern that are not appropriately disclosed.

This conclusion is based on the review procedures performed in accordance with this ISRE, however future events or conditions may
cause the entity to cease to continue as a going concern.

Responsibilities of the Directors
The Directors are responsible for preparing the Half Year Results Statement in accordance with the Disclosure Guidance and Transparency
Rules of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority.

In preparing the Half Year Results Statement, the Directors are responsible for assessing the company’s ability to continue as a going
concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors
either intend to liquidate the company or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

Auditor’s responsibilities for the review of the financial information
In reviewing the Half Year Results Statement, we are responsible for expressing to the Company a conclusion on the condensed consolidated
interim financial statements in the half-yearly financial report. Our conclusion, including our Conclusions Relating to Going Concern, are
based on procedures that are less extensive than audit procedures, as described in the Basis for Conclusion paragraph of this report.

Use of our report
This report is made solely to the company in accordance with guidance contained in International Standard on Review Engagements 2410
(UK) “Review of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the Financial Reporting
Council. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the company, for our work,
for this report, or for the conclusions we have formed.



ERNST & YOUNG LLP
London
11 May 2026




                                                                                                                                  Page 19/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
for the six months ended 31 March 2026

                                                                                  Unaudited        Unaudited        Audited
                                                                             6 months ended   6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                   31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million unless otherwise indicated                                   Notes           2026             2025            2025
Revenue                                                                   3         14,719          14,604           32,171
Duty and similar items                                                             (5,636)          (5,943)         (13,187)
Other cost of sales                                                                 (5,916)         (5,529)        (11,982)
Cost of sales                                                                      (11,552)         (11,472)       (25,169)
Gross profit                                                                         3,167            3,132          7,002
Distribution, advertising and selling costs                                         (1,203)         (1,200)         (2,469)
Administrative and other expenses                                                   (1,039)           (476)         (1,043)
Operating profit                                                          3           925             1,456         3,490
Investment income                                                                     405              256             302
Finance costs                                                                        (542)             (418)          (676)
Net finance costs                                                                     (137)            (162)          (374)
Share of profit of investments accounted for using the equity method                     3                4              12
Profit before tax                                                                      791           1,298           3,128
Tax                                                                                  (242)             (412)         (908)
Profit for the period                                                                 549              886          2,220
Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                                                                  475              808           2,071
Non-controlling interests                                                               74              78             149
Earnings per ordinary share (pence)
- Basic                                                                   9          59.9             96.7            251.1
- Diluted                                                                 9          59.5             96.2           249.3




                                                                                                               Page 20/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
for the six months ended 31 March 2026

                                                                           Unaudited         Unaudited        Audited
                                                                       6 months ended   6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                             31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                        2026             2025            2025
Profit for the period                                                           549              886          2,220
Other comprehensive income
Exchange movements                                                               44               191            (20)
Hyperinflation adjustment in the period                                            5                2               5
Current tax on hedge of net investments and quasi-equity loans                    (2)              35            156
Items that may be reclassified to profit and loss                                 47             228              141
Net actuarial gains/(losses) on retirement benefits                              20                15             (27)
Deferred tax relating to net actuarial losses on retirement benefits              (3)              (4)             (5)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit and loss                            17                11           (32)
Other comprehensive income for the period, net of tax                            64              239             109
Total comprehensive income for the period                                        613            1,125          2,329
Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                                                             541           1,046            2,152
Non-controlling interests                                                         72               79             177
Total comprehensive income for the period                                        613            1,125          2,329




                                                                                                         Page 21/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
at 31 March 2026

                                                                        Unaudited   Unaudited        Audited
                                                                         31 March    31 March   30 September
£ million                                                       Notes       2026        2025            2025
Non-current assets
Intangible assets                                                         16,118     16,050         16,208
Property, plant and equipment                                             1,506       1,590           1,524
Right of use assets                                                         376         367            373
Investments accounted for using the equity method                            64          56             66
Retirement benefit assets                                          5        326          361            314
Trade and other receivables                                                  142        140             133
Derivative financial instruments                                10/11       497         330            392
Deferred tax assets                                                         865         869            893
                                                                         19,894      19,763         19,903
Current assets
Inventories                                                               4,579       4,529          4,466
Trade and other receivables                                              3,000        2,552           2,716
Current tax assets                                                           177         271            146
Cash and cash equivalents                                          11       497         599           1,439
Derivative financial instruments                                10/11         53         142             45
Assets held for sale                                              12          32           -              -
                                                                          8,338       8,093          8,812
Total assets                                                            28,232       27,856         28,715
Current liabilities
Borrowings                                                        10      (2,169)    (2,766)         (1,070)
Derivative financial instruments                                10/11        (43)       (131)           (28)
Lease liabilities                                                  11       (88)        (86)            (89)
Trade and other payables                                                 (9,099)     (8,443)       (10,040)
Current tax liabilities                                                     (471)      (408)          (572)
Provisions                                                         4         (49)        (74)           (55)
Liabilities held for sale                                         12         (31)          -              -
                                                                        (11,950)    (11,908)        (11,854)
Non-current liabilities
Borrowings                                                        10     (8,659)      (7,735)       (8,524)
Derivative financial instruments                                10/11       (715)       (516)         (806)
Lease liabilities                                                  11       (316)      (308)           (313)
Trade and other payables                                                    (140)        (56)           (41)
Deferred tax liabilities                                                   (729)       (800)           (747)
Retirement benefit liabilities                                     5        (819)      (792)           (801)
Provisions                                                         4       (297)        (211)          (197)
                                                                         (11,675)    (10,418)       (11,429)
Total liabilities                                                       (23,625)    (22,326)       (23,283)
Net assets                                                               4,607        5,530          5,432


Equity
Share capital                                                      6         84          89              87
Share premium and capital redemption                                      5,856       5,851          5,853
Retained earnings                                                        (2,039)      (1,180)        (1,205)
Exchange translation reserve                                                 133        206             89
Equity attributable to owners of the parent                               4,034       4,966          4,824
Non-controlling interests                                                   573         564            608
Total equity                                                             4,607        5,530          5,432




                                                                                                Page 22/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
for the six months ended 31 March 2026

                                                                                                                                        Unaudited
                                                                                                            Equity
                                                          Share premium                  Exchange     attributable
                                                              and capital   Retained   translation   to owners of    Non-controlling
£ million                                 Share capital      redemption     earnings       reserve     the parent          interests   Total equity
At 1 October 2025                                  87            5,853      (1,205)           89         4,824                608          5,432
Profit for the period                                -                 -       475              -           475                 74           549
Exchange movements on
retranslation of net assets                          -                 -           -          50              50                 (2)           48
Exchange movements on
net investment hedges                                -                 -           -          (12)            (12)                -            (12)
Exchange movements on
quasi-equity loans                                   -                 -           -            8              8                  -              8
Hyperinflation adjustment in the period              -                 -          5             -               5                 -              5
Current tax on hedge of net investments
and quasi-equity loans                               -                 -           -           (2)             (2)                -             (2)
Net actuarial gains on
retirement benefits                                  -                 -        20              -             20                  -            20
Deferred tax relating to net actuarial
gains on retirement benefits                         -                 -         (3)            -              (3)                -             (3)
Other comprehensive income/(expense)                 -                 -        22            44              66                 (2)           64
Total comprehensive income                           -                 -       497            44             541                72            613
Transactions with owners
Costs of employees’ services
compensated by share schemes                         -                 -         17             -              17                 -             17
Contributions relating to share schemes              -                 -           -            -               -                 -              -
Repurchase of shares                                (3)                3       (711)            -            (711)                -           (711)
Dividends paid                                       -                 -      (637)             -          (637)              (107)         (744)
At 31 March 2026                                   84            5,856      (2,039)          133         4,034                 573        4,607




                                                                                                                                       Page 23/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY CONTINUED
for the six months ended 31 March 2026

                                                                                                                                         Unaudited
                                                                                                            Equity
                                                          Share premium                 Exchange      attributable
                                                              and capital   Retained   translation   to owners of    Non-controlling
£ million                                 Share capital      redemption     earnings      reserve      the parent          interests    Total equity
At 1 October 2024                                   91           5,849        (479)           (19)        5,442                587         6,029
Profit for the period                                -                 -      808               -           808                 78            886
Exchange movements on
retranslation of net assets                          -                 -          -         323             323                    1          324
Exchange movements on
net investment hedges                                -                 -          -         (127)           (127)                 -           (127)
Exchange movements on
quasi-equity loans                                   -                 -          -            (6)             (6)                -              (6)
Hyperinflation adjustment in the period              -                 -          2             -               2                 -               2
Current tax on hedge of net investments
and quasi-equity loans                               -                 -          -           35              35                  -             35
Net actuarial gains on
retirement benefits                                  -                 -         15             -              15                 -              15
Deferred tax relating to net actuarial
gains on retirement benefits                         -                 -         (4)            -              (4)                -              (4)
Other comprehensive income/(expense)                 -                 -         13         225             238                    1          239
Total comprehensive income                           -                 -       821          225           1,046                 79            1,125
Transactions with owners
Costs of employees’ services
compensated by share schemes                         -                 -         17             -              17                 -              17
Contributions relating to share schemes              -                 -          3             -               3                 -               3
Repurchase of shares                                (2)                2      (636)             -          (636)                  -          (636)
Dividends paid                                       -                 -      (906)             -          (906)              (102)        (1,008)
At 31 March 2025                                   89             5,851      (1,180)        206          4,966                564           5,530




                                                                                                                                       Page 24/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
for the six months ended 31 March 2026

                                                                                                      Unaudited         Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                  6 months ended   6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                                        31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                   2026             2025            2025
Cash flows from operating activities
Operating profit                                                                                           925             1,456         3,490
Dividends received from investments accounted for under the equity method                                     8                7               7
Depreciation, amortisation and impairment                                                                  326              329             781
Profit on disposal of non-current assets                                                                       -              (4)            (15)
Post-employment benefits                                                                                    20                (8)           (24)
Share-based payments                                                                                         15               16             35
Other non-cash items                                                                                         (3)              (3)             (5)
Unpaid settlement costs of historic legal cases                                                             163                -               -
Movement in provisions                                                                                      112              (28)           (58)
Operating cash flows before movement in working capital                                                  1,566             1,765           4,211
(Increase) in inventories                                                                                  (122)            (451)          (300)
(Increase)/decrease in trade and other receivables                                                        (300)               74              10
(Decrease)/increase in trade and other payables                                                            (914)         (1,048)            219
Movement in working capital                                                                             (1,336)           (1,425)            (71)
Tax paid                                                                                                  (363)            (372)            (513)
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                                     (133)             (32)         3,627
Cash flows from investing activities
Interest received                                                                                             9              26              73
Proceeds from sale of non-current assets                                                                    20                23             46
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                                  (84)              (89)          (198)
Purchase of intangibles                                                                                    (98)              (78)          (186)
Purchase of brands and operations                                                                              -             (78)            (77)
Net cash used in investing activities                                                                      (153)            (196)          (342)
Cash flows from financing activities
Interest paid                                                                                             (270)            (265)           (457)
Contributions relating to share schemes                                                                        -               3               5
Lease liabilities paid                                                                                      (46)             (48)           (94)
Increase in borrowings                                                                                   1,795             2,128         3,899
Repayment of borrowings                                                                                   (567)            (475)         (3,235)
Cash flows relating to derivative financial instruments                                                      (7)             20            (144)
Repurchase of shares                                                                                      (809)            (620)         (1,235)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                                (107)            (102)           (156)
Dividends paid to owners of the parent                                                                    (637)            (906)         (1,558)
Net cash used in financing activities                                                                     (648)            (265)         (2,975)
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                      (934)            (493)            310
Cash and cash equivalents at start of period                                                             1,439            1,078           1,078
Effect of foreign exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents                                                (8)              14              51
Cash and cash equivalents at end of period                                                                 497              599           1,439

Cash flows relating to purchases of non-current assets
Cash flows totalling £182 million (31 March 2025: £167 million) relating to purchases of non-current assets have been disaggregated to
£84 million (31 March 2025: £89 million) relating to purchases of property, plant and equipment and £98 million (31 March 2025: £78 million)
relating to purchases of intangibles.




                                                                                                                                    Page 25/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS



1. ACCOUNTING POLICIES

Basis of preparation
The condensed consolidated financial statements comprise the results of the Company, a public company limited by shares, incorporated
in England and Wales, and its subsidiary undertakings, together with the Group’s share of the results of its associates and joint arrangements.
The Company’s registered number is 3236483 and its registered address is 121 Winterstoke Road, Bristol, BS3 2LL. The financial information
comprises the unaudited results for the six months ended 31 March 2026 and 31 March 2025, together with the audited results for the year
ended 30 September 2025.

These condensed consolidated financial statements do not constitute statutory accounts within the meaning of section 434 of the
Companies Act 2006. The Auditors’ Report on the statutory accounts for the year ended 30 September 2025 was unqualified with no
reference to matters to which the auditor drew attention by way of emphasis and did not contain any statements under section 498 of the
Companies Act 2006. The financial statements for the year ended 30 September 2025 were approved by the Board of Directors on
18 November 2025 and have been filed with the Registrar of Companies.

This condensed set of financial statements for the six months ended 31 March 2026 has been prepared in accordance with the Disclosure
Guidance and Transparency Rules of the Financial Conduct Authority and with UK-adopted IAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting. The
condensed set of financial statements for the six months ended 31 March 2026 should be read in conjunction with the annual financial
statements for the year ended 30 September 2025 which have been prepared in accordance with UK-adopted International Accounting
Standards (“UK-adopted IAS”).

Except for the adoption of the new standards and interpretations effective as of 1 October 2025, the Group’s principal accounting policies
and methods of computation used in preparing this information are the same as those applied in the financial statements for the year
ended 30 September 2025, which are available on our website www.imperialbrandsplc.com.

The financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention except where fair value measurement is required under
IFRS accounting standards (“IFRS”) as described in the accounting policies in the 30 September 2025 annual accounts. The condensed
consolidated financial statements are presented in pounds sterling, the presentation currency of the Group, and the functional currency of
the Company. All values are rounded to the nearest one million (£1 million) except where otherwise indicated.

Alternative performance measures
Information on Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) is presented within the Supplementary Information section of this document.

Basis for going concern
The Group’s policy is to ensure that we always have sufficient capital markets funding and committed bank facilities in place to meet
foreseeable peak borrowing requirements.

The Group recognises there can be uncertainty in the external environment, however, during past periods of disruption, the Group
effectively managed operations across the world and has proved it has an established mechanism to operate efficiently despite this
uncertainty. The Directors consider that a one-off discrete event with immediate cash outflow is of greatest impact to the short-term
liquidity of the Group.

The Directors have assessed the emerging and principal risks of the business, including stress testing a range of different scenarios that
may affect the business. These included scenarios which examined the implications of:
• A one-off discrete event resulting in immediate cash outflow of c.£500 million, e.g. due to unexpected duty and tax payments; and/or
  other legal and regulatory risks materialising.
• A rapid and lasting deterioration to the Group’s profitability because markets become closed to tobacco products or there are sustained
  failures to our tobacco manufacturing and supply chains. These assumed a permanent reduction in profitability of 10% from 1 April 2026.

The scenario planning also considered mitigation actions including reductions to capital expenditure and dividend payments. There are
additional actions that were not modelled but could be taken including other cost mitigations such as staff redundancies, working capital
management, retrenchment of leases and discussions with lenders about capital structure.

Based on its review of future cash flows covering the period through to 31 May 2027, and having assessed the principal risks facing the
Group, the Board is of the opinion that the Group as a whole and Imperial Brands PLC have adequate resources to meet their operational
needs for a period of twelve months from the date of approval of the financial statements, and concludes that it is appropriate to prepare the
financial statements on a going concern basis.

New accounting standards adopted in the period
There have been no other amendments or clarifications to IFRS which have significantly impacted the Group’s consolidated results
or financial position.




                                                                                                                                   Page 26/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



2. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

The Group makes estimates and judgements associated with accounting entries which will be affected by future events. Estimates and
judgements are continually evaluated based on historical experience, and other factors, including current information that helps form a
forward-looking view of expected future outcomes.

Estimates involve the determination of the quantum of accounting balances to be recognised. Judgements typically involve decisions
such as whether to recognise an asset or liability.

The actual amounts recognised in the future may deviate from these estimates and judgements.

Estimates
Significant estimates
There are no key sources of estimation uncertainties that are considered to have a significant risk of resulting in a material adjustment
to the carrying amount of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

Other estimates
Estimates relate to non-significant items involving uncertainties, such as those carrying lower risk, which have a smaller potential impact
or would be expected to crystallise over a longer timeframe than a significant estimate.

The estimates relevant to the period and the remaining six months of the year include:
• Determination of the useful economic life of intangible assets;
• Amortisation and impairment of intangible assets;
• Corporate income taxes;
• Legal proceedings and disputes;
• Restructuring provisions; and,
• Impact of climate change on forecast financial information.

Other estimate – 2030 Strategy – Langenhagen factory
On 1 October 2025 the Group announced its intention to cease production at its Langenhagen factory in Germany. Following consultation
with the works council, an announcement was made on 23 March 2026 that the production at the factory would be phased out with the site
finally closing in 2027.

The announcement of the closure of the site has been made to the impacted employees and their representatives. Consultation has now
been concluded. As a result of this, a decision has been made to recognise associated charges in line with the requirements of IAS 37 as the
valid expectation criteria has been met. Estimates of the future cost of the exit of employees and the remediation of the site have been
made and recognised as liabilities totalling £165 million, comprised of a £129 million restructuring provision and a retirement benefit
liability of £36 million. Employee costs have been calculated based upon the agreed social package following the consultation discussions
and also with regard to items such as post-employment benefits. Site remediation costs are based on best estimates derived with
professional advice. These estimates may change going forward.

Other estimate – Impairment indicator assessment
The Group has performed an assessment for impairment indicators relating to the carrying values of goodwill and other intangible assets.
No impairment indicators have been identified.

Judgements
Paragraph 122 of IAS 1 requires disclosure of judgements made by management in applying an entity’s accounting policies, other than
those relating to estimation uncertainty. Paragraph 125 of IAS 1 requires more wide-ranging disclosures of judgements that depend on
management assumptions about the future, and other major sources of estimation uncertainty (‘Significant Judgements’). The following
significant judgements are disclosed in relation to these interim financial statements.

Delaware
On 15 December 2025, following a final ruling by the Supreme Court of Delaware and judgment entered, a liability to pay the counterparties
£312 million (US$ 420 million) was recognised by ITG Brands LLC. As part of the ruling, part of the amount to be paid amounting to £106 million
(US$ 140 million) was an interest element calculated using an interest rate that was significantly higher than normal commercial terms.
Following consideration, we determined that this amount was not representative of a financing arrangement and, accordingly, it has been
recognised within administrative and other expenses consistent with the underlying settlement amount.

Control of Logista
A key judgement relates to whether the Group has effective control of Logista sufficient that the Group can consolidate this entity within
its Group accounts in line with the requirements of IFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements. The Group holds 50.01% of the voting
shares. The Group has reviewed its control of Logista and that it is appropriate to consolidate this entity in line with the requirements of
IFRS 10 ‘Consolidated Financial Statements’. The Group continues to have Director presence on the Board of Logista, representing 5 out of
12 Directors. The Group has powers to control as set out in the Relationship Framework Agreement which specifies certain areas of
operation reserved for shareholder approval and through these measures the Group is able to exercise control of Logista. The Group has
therefore concluded that it continues to be appropriate to recognise Logista as a fully consolidated subsidiary.

The other judgements relevant to the period and the remaining six months of the year include:
• Corporate income taxes;
• Deferred tax assets; and,
• Legal proceedings and disputes.



                                                                                                                                   Page 27/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



3. SEGMENT INFORMATION

Imperial Brands comprises two distinct businesses – Tobacco & NGP and Distribution. The Tobacco & NGP business comprises the
manufacture, marketing and sale of Tobacco & NGP and Tobacco & NGP-related products, including sales to (but not by) the Distribution
business. The Distribution business comprises the distribution of Tobacco & NGP products for Tobacco & NGP product manufacturers,
including Imperial Brands, as well as a wide range of non-Tobacco & NGP products and services. The Distribution business is run on an
operationally neutral basis ensuring all customers are treated equally, and consequently transactions between the Tobacco & NGP and
Distribution businesses are undertaken on an arm’s length basis reflecting market prices for comparable goods and services.

The function of the Chief Operating Decision Maker (defined in IFRS 8), which is to review performance and allocate resources, is performed
by the Board and the Chief Executive, who are regularly provided with information on the Group’s segments. This information is used as
the basis of the segment revenue and profit disclosures provided below. The main profit measure used by the Board and the Chief Executive
is adjusted operating profit. Segment balance sheet information is not provided to the Board or the Chief Executive.

The Group’s reportable segments are Europe, Americas, Africa, Asia, Australasia and Central and Eastern Europe (AAACE) and Distribution.
Operating segments are comprised of geographical groupings of business markets. The main Tobacco & NGP business markets within the
Europe, Americas and AAACE reportable segments are:

Europe – United Kingdom, Germany, Spain, France, Italy, Greece, Sweden, Norway, Belgium and Netherlands.

Americas – United States.

AAACE – Australia, Saudi Arabia, Taiwan, Poland, Czech Republic, Ukraine, Slovakia, Hungary, Slovenia and our African markets including
Algeria, Cote D’Ivoire and Morocco.

Tobacco & NGP
                                                                                          Unaudited                                           Unaudited
                                                                                      6 months ended                                     6 months ended
                                                                                            31 March                                           31 March
                                                                                                2026                                               2025
£ million unless otherwise indicated                          Tobacco         NGP     Tobacco & NGP           Tobacco             NGP    Tobacco & NGP
Revenue                                                        9,152          215            9,367             9,422              187           9,609
Net revenue                                                   3,553           176            3,729            3,504              160            3,664
Operating profit                                                837            (61)            776             1,356              (62)          1,294
Adjusted operating profit                                                                    1,479                                              1,486
Adjusted operating profit margin %                                                            39.7                                               40.6

                                                                                                                                                Audited
                                                                                                                                             Year ended
                                                                                                                                          30 September
                                                                                                                                                   2025
£ million unless otherwise indicated                                                                          Tobacco             NGP    Tobacco & NGP
Revenue                                                                                                       21,071             432           21,503
Net revenue                                                                                                    7,948             368            8,316
Operating profit                                                                                              3,299              (121)           3,178
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                                                       3,665
Adjusted operating profit margin %                                                                                                                44.1

Distribution
                                                                                                           Unaudited         Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                                       6 months ended   6 months ended       Year ended
                                                                                                             31 March         31 March    30 September
£ million unless otherwise indicated                                                                             2026             2025             2025
Revenue                                                                                                        5,751           5,359            11,448
Distribution gross profit                                                                                       788              764            1,530
Operating profit                                                                                                 153              161             305
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                        169              165              316
Adjusted operating profit margin %                                                                              21.4             21.6            20.7




                                                                                                                                          Page 28/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



Revenue
                                                                               Unaudited                              Unaudited                              Audited
                                                                           6 months ended                       6 months ended                            Year ended
                                                                                 31 March                             31 March                         30 September
                                                                                     2026                                 2025                                  2025
                                                                                 External
£ million                                                  Total revenue         revenue       Total revenue    External revenue     Total revenue   External revenue
Tobacco & NGP
Europe                                                           5,310             4,911            5,296               4,932             11,960              11,180
Americas                                                          1,512            1,512             1,592               1,592            3,652              3,652
AAACE                                                           2,545             2,545              2,721               2,721             5,891              5,891
Total Tobacco & NGP                                             9,367            8,968              9,609               9,245            21,503             20,723
Distribution                                                     5,751             5,751            5,359               5,359             11,448             11,448
Eliminations                                                     (399)                  -            (364)                    -            (780)                   -
Total Group                                                     14,719           14,719            14,604              14,604             32,171             32,171

The eliminations all relate to Tobacco & NGP sales to Distribution.

Tobacco & NGP net revenue
                                                                                                Unaudited                                                  Unaudited
                                                                                            6 months ended                                           6 months ended
                                                                                                  31 March                                                 31 March
                                                                                                      2026                                                     2025
£ million                                                       Tobacco              NGP              Total             Tobacco              NGP                Total
Europe                                                           1,439               156            1,595                1,360                131              1,491
Americas                                                          1,175               12             1,187               1,220                24              1,244
AAACE                                                             939                  8              947                 924                   5              929
Total Tobacco & NGP                                             3,553                176           3,729                3,504                160             3,664

                                                                                                                                                             Audited
                                                                                                                                                          Year ended
                                                                                                                                                       30 September
                                                                                                                                                                2025
£ million                                                                                                               Tobacco              NGP                Total
Europe                                                                                                                   3,196              280              3,476
Americas                                                                                                                2,822                 70             2,892
AAACE                                                                                                                    1,930                 18             1,948
Total Tobacco & NGP                                                                                                     7,948               368               8,316

Adjusted operating profit and reconciliation to profit before tax
                                                                                                                    Unaudited           Unaudited            Audited
                                                                                                               6 months ended      6 months ended         Year ended
                                                                                                                     31 March            31 March      30 September
£ million                                                                                                                2026                2025               2025
Tobacco & NGP
Europe                                                                                                                    686               630               1,638
Americas                                                                                                                   441              485               1,233
AAACE                                                                                                                     352                371               794
Total Tobacco & NGP                                                                                                     1,479              1,486             3,665
Distribution                                                                                                               169               165                316
Eliminations                                                                                                                 (4)                 1                 7
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                               1,644              1,652             3,988
Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles - Tobacco & NGP                                                       (170)             (179)             (358)
Amortisation of acquired intangibles - Distribution                                                                           -                (4)                (11)
2030 Strategy review programme costs - Tobacco & NGP                                                                      (210)                (6)             (122)
Settlement costs of historic legal cases - Tobacco & NGP                                                                  (313)                 -                  -
Other - Tobacco & NGP                                                                                                      (10)                (7)                (7)
Other - Distribution                                                                                                       (16)                 -                  -
Operating profit                                                                                                          925              1,456             3,490
Net finance costs                                                                                                         (137)             (162)              (374)
Share of profit of investments accounted for using the equity method                                                          3                 4                 12
Profit before tax                                                                                                          791             1,298              3,128




                                                                                                                                                       Page 29/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



4. RESTRUCTURING COSTS AND PROVISIONS

                                                                                                                                            Unaudited
                                                                                                                                              31 March
                                                                                                                                                 2026
                                                                                                             Employment
£ million                                                                                  Restructuring    related claims       Other           Total
At 1 October 2025                                                                                   101                91          60            252
Additional provisions charged to the consolidated income statement                                 132                  8            2            142
Amounts used                                                                                         (9)               (8)          (3)           (20)
Unused amounts reversed                                                                               -                (5)         (21)           (26)
Exchange movements                                                                                    (1)               (1)          -              (2)
At 31 March 2026                                                                                   223                85           38            346
Current                                                                                              16               20            13             49
Non-current                                                                                        207                65           25            297
                                                                                                   223                85           38            346

Analysed as:
                                                                                                                Unaudited     Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                                 31 March      31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                           2026          2025            2025
Current                                                                                                               49            74             55
Non-current                                                                                                          297           211             197
                                                                                                                    346           285             252

Restructuring provisions
                                                                                                                Unaudited     Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                                 31 March      31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                           2026          2025            2025
2030 Strategy Review Programme                                                                                       132             -               -
2021 Strategic Review Programme                                                                                       45           49              49
Other                                                                                                                 46            61             52
                                                                                                                     223           110             101

Restructuring costs
                                                                              Unaudited                          Unaudited                     Audited
                                                                          6 months ended                    6 months ended                   Year ended
                                                                                31 March                          31 March                30 September
                                                                                    2026                              2025                         2025
£ million                                                         Costs       Cash spend           Costs        Cash spend        Costs     Cash spend
2030 Strategy Review Programme                                     210               37               6                 6          122              21
2021 Strategic Review Programme                                       -               3               -                 7            -              19
Other                                                                 -               4               -                 6            -              10
                                                                   210              44                6                19          122             50

Employment related claims provisions include £21 million (6 months to 31 March 2025: £22 million) relating to local employment requirements
including holiday pay and £18 million (6 months to 31 March 2025: £22 million) of distribution requirements relating to employment and duty.
An amount of £46 million (6 months to 31 March 2025: £63 million) has been provided for employment related claims arising from a number
of legacy legal disputes. Although the Company continues to appeal a number of these claims, the Group has resolved to engage with
certain counterparties where a valid claim has been established. There are uncertainties relating to the estimation and quantification of this
provision and amounts may change in the future. The associated provisions are expected to be utilised over the next 2-5 years.

Other provisions include £26 million (6 months to 31 March 2025: £30 million) relating to various local tax or duty requirements, £5 million
(6 months to 31 March 2025: £nil) relating to inventory provisions, £nil (6 months to 31 March 2025: £8 million) of market exit provisions and
£7 million for factory closure provisions (6 months to 31 March 2025: £9 million).

The provisions are spread throughout the Group and payment will be dependent on local statutory requirements.

Most of the provisions will also be utilised within the next two years, though certain employee-related and restructuring provisions may
be required to be held for a period of up to 10 years where they relate to requirements to provide benefits for defined periods of time after an
employee leaves employment.

Langenhagen factory closure
Following the decision to close the Langenhagen factory in Germany, a provision for the associated costs of closure of £129 million was
recognised. In addition, a £36 million retirement benefit liability, relating to the closure, was also recognised. The total costs of the closure
of the site, including costs incurred to date, are forecast to be £170 million. These charges have all been recognised within 2030 Strategy
Review Programme restructuring costs.


                                                                                                                                          Page 30/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



5. RETIREMENT BENEFIT SCHEMES

The Group operates a number of retirement benefit schemes for its employees, including both defined benefit and defined contribution
schemes. The Group’s three principal schemes are defined benefit schemes. They are Imperial Tobacco Pension Fund (ITPF), Reemtsma
Cigarettenfabriken Pension Plan (RCPP) and the ITG Scheme, held by Imperial Tobacco Limited in the UK, Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken
GmbH in Germany and ITG Brands LLC in the USA respectively.

No contributions were paid by the Group into any of the three principal schemes to fund deficits or ongoing accruals in the period to
31 March 2026.

Defined benefit plan assets and liabilities recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
                                                                                                      Unaudited      Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                        31 March      31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                  2026          2025            2025
Retirement benefit assets                                                                                  326            361            314
Retirement benefit liabilities                                                                            (819)         (792)           (801)
Net retirement benefit liabilities                                                                        (493)          (431)         (487)

The movement in the net retirement benefit is mainly from actuarial gains and losses on the Group’s pension assets and liabilities. The
actuarial gains and losses were from the changes in principal actuarial assumptions on the Group schemes and asset losses in the three
principal schemes over the period. In addition, a £36 million liability has been recognised within retirement benefit liabilities associated
with the closure of the Langenhagen factory in Germany.

Key figures and assumptions used for major plans
                                                                                        Unaudited                                   Unaudited
                                                                                           31 March                                  31 March
                                                                                              2026                                      2025
£ million unless otherwise stated                                ITPF         RCPP     ITG Scheme           ITPF        RCPP      ITG Scheme
Defined benefit obligation                                     1,908          496             218         1,977          499            230
Fair value of scheme assets                                   (2,164)             -          (246)       (2,267)            -           (261)
Net defined benefit (asset)/liability                          (256)          496             (28)        (290)          499             (31)
Principal actuarial assumptions used (% per annum)
Discount rate                                                     6.1          4.3             5.5          5.7           3.8            5.3
Future salary increases                                          n/a           3.2             n/a          n/a            3.1           n/a
Future pension increases                                         3.3           2.2             n/a          3.2            2.1           n/a
Inflation                                                        3.3           2.2             2.3           3.1           2.1           2.3

                                                                                                                                      Audited
                                                                                                                                 30 September
                                                                                                                                         2025
£ million unless otherwise stated                                                                           ITPF        RCPP      ITG Scheme
Defined benefit obligation                                                                                1,951           511           224
Fair value of scheme assets                                                                              (2,196)            -          (253)
Net defined benefit (asset)/liability                                                                     (245)           511            (29)
Principal actuarial assumptions used (% per annum)
Discount rate                                                                                               5.7           3.9            5.2
Future salary increases                                                                                     n/a           3.0            n/a
Future pension increases                                                                                    3.0           2.0            n/a
Inflation                                                                                                   3.0           2.0            2.3




                                                                                                                                 Page 31/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



6. SHARE CAPITAL

                                                                             Unaudited                        Unaudited                           Audited
                                                                              31 March                         31 March                     30 September
                                                                                 2026                             2025                              2025
                                                                        Ordinary shares                  Ordinary shares                   Ordinary shares
                                                                               10p each                        10p each                          10p each
                                                               Number         £ million        Number           £ million        Number           £ million
Authorised, issued and fully paid
1 October                                              869,890,634                 87     914,502,882                91     914,502,882                91
Shares cancelled                                        (25,577,380)                (3)   (23,562,841)                (2)   (44,612,248)                (4)
Closing period                                          844,313,254                84 890,940,041                    89 869,890,634                    87

On 8 October 2024, the Board approved a £1,250 million share buyback programme in order to return capital to shareholders, which was
completed on 29 October 2025. The Company repurchased 3,501,120 shares for a total consideration of £106 million in the period from
1 October 2025 to 29 October 2025.

On 7 October 2025, the Board approved a £1,450 million share buyback programme in order to return capital to shareholders, which is
expected to be completed no later than 28 October 2026. On 30 October 2025 it was announced that in order to execute the first tranche of
this buyback, the Group had entered into an irrevocable and non-discretionary arrangement with its broker Morgan Stanley & Co.
International Plc (“Morgan Stanley”) to buy back up to £725 million of its shares, commencing from 30 October 2025 and expected to end no
later than 30 April 2026. In the period from 30 October 2025 to 31 March 2026 22,076,260 shares have been bought back and cancelled at a
cost of £693 million, as part of the first tranche of the new buyback programme.

Upon completion of the purchases, all shares were cancelled and transferred to the capital redemption reserve. As at 31 March 2026, the
Group has recognised a liability of £33 million for the remaining shares to be purchased. The total stamp duty costs were £4 million and
the fees charged for the share repurchases were £1 million. For the half year ended 31 March 2026 the amounts recognised in the share
premium and capital redemption reserves were £5,833 million (30 September 2025: £5,833 million) and £23 million (30 September 2025:
£20 million) respectively.

7. TAX

Pillar Two
In December 2021, the OECD issued model rules for a new global minimum tax framework (Pillar Two), applicable for multinational
enterprise groups with global revenue over €750 million. The legislation implementing the rules in the UK was substantively enacted on
20 June 2023 and applies to the Group.

The Group has applied the mandatory exemption under IAS 12 in relation to the accounting for deferred tax assets and liabilities arising
from the implementation of the Pillar Two model rules.

The Group has not recorded any significant exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in those jurisdictions where the minimum tax requirement
is not met, based on the forecast data. The Group is continuing to review this legislation and monitors the status of implementation of the
model rules outside of the UK to assess the potential impact.

Uncertain tax positions
As an international business the Group is exposed to uncertain tax positions and changes in legislation in the jurisdictions in which
it operates. The Group’s uncertain tax positions principally include cross border transfer pricing, interpretation of new or complex
tax legislation.

Provisions arising from uncertain tax positions taken in the calculation of tax assets and liabilities are included within current and
deferred tax liabilities. At 31 March 2026 the total value of these provisions excluding offsetting assets under mutual agreement procedure
was £392 million (30 September 2025: £387 million excluding offsetting assets). The assessment of uncertain tax positions is subjective
and significant management judgement is required. This judgement is based on current interpretation of legislation, management
experience and professional advice. Until matters are finally concluded it is possible that amounts ultimately paid will be different from
the amounts provided.

Management have assessed the Group’s provision for uncertain tax positions and have concluded that apart from the matters referred to
below the provisions in place are not material individually or in aggregate, and that a reasonably possible change in the next financial year
would not have a material impact on the results of the Group.




                                                                                                                                            Page 32/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



Transfer pricing
The Group has been subject to tax audits relating to transfer pricing matters in several jurisdictions, principally UK, France and Germany.
The Group holds a provision of £389 million excluding offsetting assets (30 September 2025: £381 million excluding offsetting assets) in
respect of these items. In December 2021 the Group concluded a transfer pricing audit with the French tax authorities. In September 2022
the Group concluded transfer pricing audits with the UK and German tax authorities. Settlements of the French and UK audits were made
during 2022. Settlement of the German audit was made during 2023. Mutual Agreement Procedure (MAP) proceedings are currently
ongoing in relation to these audits to resolve potential double taxation issues arising from the settlements. Constructive progress has been
made during the current year, including engagement on key technical points with the competent authorities, and the Group anticipates
further clarity and more concrete outcomes by year end. In September 2023, the German tax authorities commenced an additional, separate
transfer pricing audit. Of the total transfer pricing provisions recorded, £185 million relates to challenges raised during this audit.
The provision reflects the range of potential outcomes and the associated probabilities.

Transfer pricing/Controlled Foreign Company (“CFC”)
Imperial Brands Enterprise Finance Limited (IBEFL) is a corporation which is tax resident in the UK. Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken GmbH
(Reemtsma) holds approx. 83.95% of the shares in IBEFL. As part of the tax audit, the German tax authorities are challenging the application
of the German CFC regulations on IBEFL and IBEFL’s intercompany transactions. As a result of these challenges the Group maintains
a provision for a total amount of £79 million (€96 million).

8. DIVIDENDS

Distributions paid to ordinary equity holders within each financial year
                                                                                       Pence per share                                          £ million
                                                            Unaudited        Audited          Audited        Unaudited           Audited        Audited
                                                                2026           2025             2024              2026             2025            2024
Cash:
December                                                      40.08          54.26             51.82              320              455              461
March                                                         40.08          54.26             51.82               317              451            453
June                                                                -        40.08            22.45                   -            328              193
September                                                           -        40.08            22.45                   -            324              192
Total                                                          80.16         188.68          148.54               637             1,558          1,299

The declared interim dividend for 2026 amounts to £651 million based on the number of shares ranking for dividend at 31 March 2026
at 41.68 pence per share each. This will be paid in two stages, one in June 2026 and one in September 2026.

The interim dividend in December 2026 and final dividend in March 2027 will be announced in November 2026 as part of the year end results.

The dividend paid during the half year to 31 March 2026 is £637 million (31 March 2025: £906 million).

9. EARNINGS PER SHARE

                                                                                                             Unaudited         Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                         6 months ended   6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                                               31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                          2026             2025            2025
Earnings: basic and diluted - attributable to owners of the Parent Company                                        475              808           2,071

Millions of shares
Weighted average number of shares:
Shares for basic earnings per share                                                                             793.3            835.2          824.8
Potentially dilutive share options                                                                                 5.7              5.0             5.8
Shares for diluted earnings per share                                                                           799.0            840.2          830.6

Pence
Basic earnings per share                                                                                         59.9             96.7            251.1
Diluted earnings per share                                                                                       59.5             96.2           249.3

The weighted average number of shares at 31 March 2026 has reduced over and above prior period ends due to the current share buyback
programme.




                                                                                                                                           Page 33/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



10. NET DEBT

The movements in cash and cash equivalents, borrowings, and derivative financial instruments in the period were as follows:
                                                                                                                                                    Unaudited
                                                                                             Derivative     Liabilities from
                                                 Current         Lease      Non-current        financial           financing      Cash and cash
£ million                                    borrowings      liabilities    borrowings     instruments             activities       equivalents          Total
At 1 October 2025                               (1,070)         (402)          (8,524)           (397)            (10,393)              1,439        (8,954)
Reallocation of current borrowings
from non-current borrowings                      (663)                 -          663                  -                     -                -             -
Cash flow                                         (450)            54            (778)                7              (1,167)             (934)        (2,101)
Change in accrued interest                           10             (8)             38                (1)                 39                  -           39
Change in fair values                                 -                -              -            104                  104                   -          104
New leases, terminations
and modifications                                     -           (49)                -                -                 (49)                 -          (49)
Exchange movements                                    4                1           (58)             79                    26                (8)            18
At 31 March 2026                                (2,169)         (404)         (8,659)            (208)             (11,440)               497       (10,943)

                                                                                                                                                     Unaudited
                                                                                              Derivative      Liabilities from
                                                 Current         Lease       Non-current        financial            financing     Cash and cash
£ million                                     borrowings      liabilities     borrowings    instruments              activities      equivalents         Total
At 1 October 2024                                 (1,191)       (386)           (7,506)           (335)              (9,418)             1,078        (8,340)
Reallocation of current borrowings
from non-current borrowings                       (553)                -           553                 -                     -                -             -
Cash flow                                         (986)             55            (667)             (20)              (1,618)             (493)         (2,111)
Change in accrued interest                           10              (7)              11               5                   19                 -            19
Change in fair values                                 -                -              -               8                     8                 -             8
New leases, terminations
and modifications                                     -            (52)               -                -                 (52)                 -           (52)
Exchange movements                                  (46)             (4)           (126)            167                    (9)               14             5
At 31 March 2025                                (2,766)          (394)          (7,735)            (175)            (11,070)               599        (10,471)

Average reported net debt during the period was £11,073 million (31 March 2025: £10,298 million). In the period, a €900 million 3.875% bond
with a maturity date of February 2033 was issued on 2 February 2026. This has been recognised as a cash flow within non-current
borrowings. In addition, a €650 million 3.375% bond was repaid on 30 December 2025. This has been recognised within the £449 million
current borrowings cash flow together with a £1,016 million increase in short term borrowings for short term working capital requirements.




                                                                                                                                                   Page 34/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



11. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

The table below sets out the Group’s accounting classification of each class of financial assets and liabilities:
                                                                                                                                                Unaudited
                                                                                                                                                 31 March
                                                                                                                                                    2026
                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                Fair value     through other        Assets and
                                                          through income      comprehensive        liabilities at
£ million                                                      statement             income      amortised cost           Total    Current    Non-Current
Trade and other receivables                                              -                  -             2,621         2,621      2,585              36
Cash and cash equivalents                                                -                  -               497           497        497                -
Derivatives                                                         550                     -                    -       550           53            497
Total financial assets                                              550                     -              3,118       3,668        3,135            533
Borrowings                                                               -                  -        (10,828)         (10,828)     (2,169)       (8,659)
Trade and other payables                                                 -                  -          (3,295)         (3,295)     (3,155)          (140)
Derivatives                                                        (563)               (195)                     -       (758)        (43)          (715)
Lease liabilities                                                        -                  -             (404)         (404)         (88)          (316)
Total financial liabilities                                        (563)               (195)          (14,527)        (15,285)     (5,455)       (9,830)
Total net financial liabilities                                       (13)             (195)           (11,409)        (11,617)    (2,320)       (9,297)

                                                                                                                                                 Unaudited
                                                                                                                                                  31 March
                                                                                                                                                     2025
                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                 Fair value     through other       Assets and
                                                           through income      comprehensive         liabilities at
£ million                                                       statement             income      amortised cost          Total     Current    Non-Current
Trade and other receivables                                              -                  -             2,227         2,227        2,194             33
Cash and cash equivalents                                                -                  -               599           599         599               -
Derivatives                                                          379                  93                     -        472         142            330
Total financial assets                                               379                  93              2,826         3,298       2,935            363
Borrowings                                                               -                  -           (10,501)       (10,501)    (2,766)         (7,735)
Trade and other payables                                                 -                  -            (7,576)        (7,576)     (7,576)             -
Derivatives                                                         (564)                (83)                    -       (647)        (131)          (516)
Lease liabilities                                                                           -              (394)         (394)        (86)          (308)
Total financial liabilities                                         (564)                (83)           (18,471)        (19,118)   (10,559)       (8,559)
Total net financial liabilities                                      (185)                 10          (15,645)        (15,820)     (7,624)        (8,196)

                                                                                                                                                   Audited
                                                                                                                                              30 September
                                                                                                                                                      2025
                                                                                    Fair value
                                                                 Fair value     through other       Assets and
                                                           through income      comprehensive         liabilities at
£ million                                                       statement             income      amortised cost          Total     Current    Non-Current
Trade and other receivables                                            89                   -              2,531        2,620       2,585              35
Cash and cash equivalents                                                -                  -              1,439         1,439       1,439              -
Derivatives                                                          435                    2                    -        437          45            392
Total financial assets                                               524                    2             3,970         4,496       4,069            427
Borrowings                                                               -                  -            (9,594)       (9,594)      (1,070)       (8,524)
Trade and other payables                                                 -                  -            (3,324)        (3,324)    (3,283)            (41)
Derivatives                                                         (639)               (195)                    -       (834)        (28)          (806)
Lease liabilities                                                        -                  -              (402)         (402)        (89)           (313)
Total financial liabilities                                         (639)               (195)           (13,320)       (14,154)    (4,470)        (9,684)
Total net financial liabilities                                       (115)             (193)            (9,350)       (9,658)        (401)       (9,257)




                                                                                                                                              Page 35/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



Derivatives classified as fair value through other comprehensive income relate to cross currency swaps and foreign exchange swaps
designated as hedges of foreign currency denominated net investments. The Group only designates the undiscounted foreign exchange
spot element of these derivative instruments and the changes in fair value related to this element are recognised in other comprehensive
income. Changes in the fair value of these derivative instruments attributable to changes in interest rates and the effect of discounting are
recognised in the income statement. The Group also designates certain external borrowings as hedges of foreign currency denominated
net investments and the foreign exchange revaluation of those borrowings is recognised in other comprehensive income. The carrying
value at 31 March 2026 of those borrowings included in the above table is £6,293 million (31 March 2025: £5,686 million, 30 September 2025:
£5,764 million). All of the Group’s net investment hedges remain effective.

The Group’s derivative financial instruments which are held at fair value, are as follows.
                                                                                                            Unaudited       Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                              31 March       31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                        2026           2025            2025
Assets
Interest rate swaps                                                                                              326             319           253
Forward foreign currency contracts                                                                                 12              4              4
Cross-currency swaps                                                                                              212            149           180
Total carrying value of derivative financial assets                                                              550            472            437
Liabilities
Interest rate swaps                                                                                             (265)          (367)           (271)
Forward foreign currency contracts                                                                                 (7)            (2)            (3)
Cross-currency swaps                                                                                            (486)          (278)          (560)
Total carrying value of derivative financial liabilities                                                        (758)          (647)          (834)
Total carrying value of derivative financial instruments                                                        (208)           (175)         (397)


Analysed as:
Interest rate swaps                                                                                                61            (48)           (18)
Forward foreign currency contracts                                                                                  5              2               1
Cross-currency swaps                                                                                            (274)           (129)         (380)
Total carrying value of derivative financial instruments                                                        (208)           (175)         (397)

All financial assets and liabilities are carried on the balance sheet at amortised cost, other than derivative financial instruments which are
carried at fair value. Derivative fair values are determined based on observable market data such as yield curves, foreign exchange rates
and credit default swap prices to calculate the present value of future cash flows associated with each derivative at the balance sheet date
(Level 2 classification hierarchy per IFRS 7). Market data is sourced from a reputable financial data provider and valuations are validated
by reference to counterparty valuations where appropriate. Some of the Group’s derivative financial instruments contain early termination
options and these have been considered when assessing the element of the fair value related to credit risk. On this basis the reduction in
reported net derivative liabilities due to credit risk is £10 million (31 March 2025: £6 million) and would have been an £12 million (31 March 2025:
£8 million) reduction without considering the early termination options. There were no changes to the valuation methods or transfers
between hierarchies during the year. With the exception of capital market issuance, the fair value of all financial assets and financial
liabilities is considered approximate to their carrying amount. The fair value of borrowings as at 31 March 2026 is estimated to be £10,656 million
(31 March 2025: £10,350 million, 30 September 2025: £9,526 million). £10,192 million (31 March 2025: £9,192 million, 30 September 2025:
£9,522 million) relates to capital market issuance and has been determined by reference to market prices as at the balance sheet date.

12. ASSETS HELD FOR SALE

With effect from 31 March 2026, all the assets and liabilities of the Spanish entity Compañía de Distribución Integral de Publicaciones and
its subsidiaries (Logista Regional de Publicaciones S.A.U., Distribuidora de Publicaciones del Sur S.L., Distribuidora Valenciana de Ediciones
S.A.U., Publicaciones y Libros, S.A.U., S.A. Distribuidora de Ediciones and Distribución de Publicaciones Siglo XXI Guadalajara S.L.) have
been reclassified as assets and liabilities held for sale. This reclassification was carried out following the decision to undertake the
necessary actions to sell this Company and IFRS 5 conditions have been met. In this respect, IFRS 5 does not require the restatement of the
comparative balance sheet as at 30 September 2025.

As a result of this reclassification, the assets have been measured at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value (estimated selling
price) less costs to sell. This represents a change from the previously applied criterion, under which assets are measured at the lower of
their carrying amount and value in use. Value in use includes an estimate of the value expected to be obtained from the continued use of
the asset and therefore may differ from its estimated selling price.

The assets held for sale of £32 million as at 31 March 2026 consists of trade and other receivables of £17 million, inventories of £6 million,
property, plant and equipment of £5 million and other financial assets of £4 million.

The liabilities held for sale of £31 million as at 31 March 2026 consists of trade and other payables of £27 million and other financial
liabilities of £4 million.

The estimation of the fair value of the group of assets classified as held for sale has resulted in the recognition of an impairment amounting
to £8 million which has been recognised in the income statement.



                                                                                                                                        Page 36/47
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED


NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS CONTINUED



13. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
The following summary includes updates to matters that have developed since the 2025 Annual Report and Accounts.

USA state settlement agreements
In November 1998, the major United States cigarette manufacturers, including RJ Reynolds Tobacco Company (“RJ Reynolds”) and Philip
Morris Inc. (“Philip Morris”), entered into the Master Settlement Agreement (“MSA”) with 52 US states and territories. These cigarette
manufacturers previously settled four other cases, brought by Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota, by separate agreements with
each state (collectively with the MSA, the “State Settlement Agreements”, with Mississippi, Florida, Texas and Minnesota known collectively
as the “Previously Settled States”). ITG Brands LLC (“ITGB”) is a party to the MSA and to the Mississippi, Minnesota, and Texas State
Settlement Agreements.

In connection with its 12 June 2015 acquisition of four cigarette brands (Winston, Salem, Kool and Maverick, referred to as the “Acquired
Brands”) from Reynolds American Inc. (“Reynolds American”) and Lorillard, ITGB has been involved in litigation and other disputes with
the Previously Settled States, Philip Morris, and RJ Reynolds in the Previously Settled States’ state courts and elsewhere. The cases in the
Previously Settled States’ courts are now resolved, with the Florida court holding ITGB did not assume settlement payment liability through
the acquisition and the remainder resolved by settlement. Litigation with RJ Reynolds and Reynolds American related to the acquisition
has now also concluded in Delaware.

Delaware
The accounting for the contingent liability associated with the Florida state settlement payments for the Acquired Brands that was being
contested in courts in Delaware between ITGB, and Reynolds American with RJ Reynolds was updated within the period. On 15 December
2025, following a final ruling by the Supreme Court of Delaware and judgment entered, a liability to pay the counterparties £312 million
(US$ 420 million) was recognised by ITGB.

Following the Delaware judgment, a payment of US$ 200 million was made to RJ Reynolds in the first half of the financial year, with the
remaining US$ 234 million to be made in roughly equal instalments over the next three years. For amounts due under the Delaware
judgment for 2026 and on annual basis thereafter, ITGB reimburse RJ Reynolds for Florida state settlement payments for the Winston, Salem,
Kool and Maverick brand sales each year as detailed in the Delaware judgment, which is estimated at up to approximately US$ 23 million
annually, unless and until it joins the Florida Settlement Agreement.

All of the charge of £312 million has been recognised within administrative and other expenses. The charge has been excluded from the
calculation of Adjusted Operating Profit. Amounts payable to RJ Reynolds are included within trade and other payables. Of the total balance,
£54 million is classified as current, with the remaining £108 million classified as non‑current.

Competition authority investigations
Spain
On 12 April 2019 the Spanish National Commission on Markets and Competition (CNMC) announced penalties against Philip Morris Spain,
Altadis, JT International Iberia and Logista. Altadis and Logista received fines of €11.4 million and €20.9 million, respectively, from the
CNMC. According to the decision, Altadis and Logista were alleged to have infringed competition law by participating in an exchange of
sales volume data between 2008 and February 2017. The CNMC considered that this conduct had the effect of restricting competition in the
Spanish tobacco market. In June 2019, both Altadis and Logista commenced appeals to the CNMC’s decision, and the fines imposed in the
Spanish High Court. In September 2019 Altadis and, separately, Logista arranged bank guarantees for the full amount of the fines with the
result that payment of the fines had been suspended pending the outcome of the appeals. Therefore, provision for these amounts was not
considered appropriate.

On 7 November 2025, Altadis was notified of the judgment from the Spanish High Court, annulling the CNMC’s decision and the penalty
imposed on Altadis, which is now entitled to cancel the bank guarantee arranged for the fine. Logista was subsequently notified of the High
Court’s ruling on 11 November 2025, which also confirmed the annulment of the penalty imposed on Logista. According to the judgment,
the alleged exchange of sales volume data between 2008 and February 2017 did not have the effect of restricting competition in the
Spanish tobacco market. The CNMC decided not to appeal the Spanish High Court’s judgment and therefore the Spanish Supreme Court
has decreed the High Court’s ruling is final. This brings the case to a conclusion.

14. POST BALANCE SHEET EVENTS

Taiwan site sale
On 8 May 2026 the Group announced the sale of a cigarette manufacturing facility located in Miaoli County, Taiwan. Completion is expected
in July 2026, with sale proceeds of £49 million and and a net profit on disposal of the property less site exit costs of circa £15 million.

15. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

Transactions between the Company and its subsidiaries, which are related parties, have been eliminated on consolidation and are not
disclosed in this note. No related party transactions have taken place in the 6 months ended 31 March 2026 (6 months to 31 March 2025: none)
that have materially affected the financial position or performance of the Group during that period.




                                                                                                                                 Page 37/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION


ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES



Use of alternative performance measures
Management believes that non-GAAP or alternative performance measures provide an important comparison of business performance
and reflect the way in which the business is controlled. The alternative performance measures seek to remove the distorting effects of a
number of significant gains or losses arising from transactions which are not directly related to the ongoing underlying performance of
the business and may be non-recurring events or not directly within the control of management.

Accordingly, alternative performance measures exclude, where applicable, amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles, 2030
Strategy review programme costs, fair value adjustment and impairment of other financial assets, structural changes to defined benefit
pension schemes, fair value and exchange gains and losses on financial instruments, post-employment benefits net financing cost,
settlement of historic legal cases, market exit costs and related tax effects and tax matters. Other significant gains or losses which are not
representative of the underlying business may also be treated as adjusting items where there is appropriate justification. The alternative
performance measures in this report are not defined terms under IFRS and may not be comparable with similarly titled measures reported
by other companies. The alternative performance measures that are used by the Group are defined and reconciled back to the associated
IFRS metrics as detailed below.

Changes in adjusting items policy
The Imperial Brands PLC Audit Committee discussed adjusting items policy in its meeting on 28 January 2026. A decision was made to
treat costs associated with historic legal cases as adjusting items on the grounds that they do not represent the underlying costs of the
business. In addition, a decision was made to align the recognition of the restructuring costs of the Group to those that are included within
the underlying accounts of Logista, as prepared to meet Spanish Stock Exchange requirements. In previous years, Logista enacted certain
restructuring costs that were not adjusted in the Group’s accounts as they were not part of the Board approved programme.

Summary of key adjusting items
The items excluded from adjusted performance results are those which are one-off in nature or items which arose due to acquisitions and
are not influenced by the day-to-day operations of the Group, and the movements in the fair value of financial instruments which are
marked to market and not naturally offset. Adjusted net finance costs also excludes all post-employment benefit net finance costs since
pension assets and liabilities, redundancy and social plan provisions do not form part of adjusted net debt. This allows comparison of the
Group’s cost of debt with adjusted net debt. The adjusted performance measures are used by management to assess the Group’s financial
performance and aid comparability of results year on year.

Consolidated income statement adjusting items
The following tables summarise the key items recognised within the consolidated income statement that have been treated as adjusting items:

Adjusting items recognised within administrative and other expenses
                                                                                                        Unaudited        Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                   6 months ended   6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                                         31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                    2026             2025            2025
Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles                                                         (170)            (183)          (369)
2030 Strategy review programme costs                                                                        (210)              (6)           (122)
Settlement cost of historic legal cases                                                                     (313)               -               -
Other                                                                                                        (26)              (7)             (7)
Total adjusting administrative and other expenses                                                           (719)            (196)          (498)
Total non-adjusting administrative and other expenses                                                      (320)            (280)           (545)
Administrative and other expenses                                                                         (1,039)           (476)         (1,043)




                                                                                                                                     Page 38/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED


ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED



Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles
Acquired intangibles are amortised over their estimated useful economic lives where these are considered to be finite. Acquired intangibles
considered to have an indefinite life are not amortised. Any negative goodwill arising on acquisition is recognised immediately in the
income statement. The Group excludes from its adjusted performance measures the amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles,
other than software and internally generated intangibles, and the deferred tax associated with amortisation of acquired intangibles.

It is recognised that there may be some correlation between the amortisation charges derived from the acquisition value of acquired
intangibles, and the subsequent future profit streams arising from sales of associated branded products. However, the amortisation of
intangibles is not directly related to the operating performance of the business. Conversely, the level of profitability of branded products is
directly influenced by day-to-day commercial actions, with variations in the level of profit derived from branded product sales acting as a
clear indicator of performance. Given this, the Group’s view is that amortisation and impairment charges do not clearly correlate to the
ongoing variations in the commercial results of the business and are therefore excluded to allow a clearer view of the underlying
performance of the organisation. The deferred tax arising on intangibles which are either being amortised or are fully amortised is
excluded on the basis that amortisation of intangibles is not directly related to the operating performance of the business. The related
current cash tax benefit is retained in the adjusted measure to reflect the ongoing tax benefit to the Group.

Total amortisation and impairment for the period is £209 million (31 March 2025: £208 million, 30 September 2025: £425 million) of which
£173 million (31 March 2025: £183 million, 30 September 2025: £369 million) relates to acquired intangibles and is adjusting and £36 million
(31 March 2025: £25 million, 30 September 2025: £56 million) relates to internally generated intangibles and is non adjusting. In the period
to 31 March 2026 adjusting items all relate to amortisation; £170 million (31 March 2025: £179 million, 30 September 2025: £358 million) is
attributable to Tobacco & NGP and £3 million (31 March 2025: £4 million, 30 September 2025: £11 million) is attributable to Distribution and
has been included within other adjusting items above.

2030 Strategy review programme costs
Significant one-off costs incurred in major rationalisation and optimisation initiatives together with their related tax effects are excluded
from our adjusted performance measures. These include 2030 Strategy review programme costs incurred as part of fundamental multi-
year transformational change projects but does not include costs related to ongoing cost reduction activity. These costs have been approved
by the Board, and can include impairment of property, plant and equipment which is surplus to requirements. These costs are required in
order to address structural issues associated with operating within the Tobacco sector that have required action to both modernise and
right-size the organisation, ultimately delivering an operating model suitable for the future of the business. The Group’s view is that as
these costs are both significant and one-off in nature, excluding them allows a clearer presentation of the underlying costs of the business.
Costs relating to the 2030 Strategy programme have been recognised in the period ended 31 March 2026. Costs relating to this programme
are expected to be incurred in subsequent reporting periods, up to 2030, and will also be treated as adjusting items.

The total cost of this programme is expected to be c.£740 million of which c.£600 million is anticipated to be cash costs. The majority of the
cash spend, c.£500 million is expected to be split between FY27 and FY28. 2030 Strategy review programme costs for the period ended
31 March 2026 total £210 million (31 March 2025: £6 million, 30 September 2025: £122 million) of which £37 million was paid during the period.

Settlement cost of historic legal cases
This charge relates to the US state settlement agreement which was determined within the Delaware Supreme Court. Please see note 13
for details.

Other adjusting items
i. Market exit costs
As part of our strategic realignment in March 2026, a decision was made to transition out of the EVP business in the United States.
Costs of £7 million were incurred primarily relating to the write off of licensing costs and associated contract termination costs.

ii. Logista specific adjusting items
Logista specific adjusting items totalling £16 million comprised of £8 million for the impairment of property assets, £5 million for
restructuring costs and £3 million for the amortisation of acquired intangibles.

iii. Structural changes to defined benefit pension schemes
These are non-recurring pension scheme restructuring costs. A credit of £1 million has been incurred due to the closure of the pension
plan to future accrual for our colleagues in Puerto Rico, a defined contribution cost of £4 million has been recorded reflecting the total value
of transition defined contribution payments due to the impacted colleagues payable over the next three years.

For the year ended September 2025, a total of £7 million was reported due to the closure and settlement of defined benefits in Ireland
and Australia.

Adjusting items recognised within share of profit of investments accounted for using the equity method
                                                                                                         Unaudited         Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                     6 months ended   6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                                           31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                      2026             2025            2025
Share of profit of investments accounted for using the equity method                                             3                4              12




                                                                                                                                       Page 39/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED


ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED



Adjusting items recognised within tax
                                                                                                       Unaudited           Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                   6 months ended     6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                                         31 March           31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                    2026               2025            2025
Deferred tax on amortisation of acquired intangibles                                                            -                 5              17
Tax on net foreign exchange and fair value losses and gains on financial instruments                         (21)               (43)          (168)
Tax on post-employment benefits net financing costs                                                            3                  2               5
Tax on 2030 Strategy review programme costs                                                                  59                   -             38
Tax on interest settlements                                                                                     -                 -              (2)
Tax on settlement costs of historic legal cases                                                              78                   -               -
Tax on other adjusting items                                                                                   5                   1              -
Recognition and utilisation of deferred tax assets                                                           (32)               (35)           (66)
Uncertain tax positions                                                                                         -                 -             64
Prior year adjustments                                                                                          -                 -             40
Other non-adjusting taxation charges                                                                       (334)              (342)           (836)
Reported tax                                                                                               (242)               (412)         (908)

Tax adjustments related to other pre tax adjusting items
The adjusted tax charge has been calculated to include the tax effects of a number of pre-tax adjusting items including the amortisation of
acquired intangibles, net foreign exchange gains and losses, fair value movements on financial instruments, 2030 Strategy review
programme costs, post-employment benefits net financing costs and other adjusting items.

Significant one-off tax charges or credits
The adjusted tax charge also excludes significant one-off tax charges or credits arising from:
• prior period tax items (including re-measurement of deferred tax balances on a change in tax rates); or
• a provision for uncertain tax items not arising in the normal course of business; or
• newly enacted taxes in the year; or
• tax items that are closely related to previously recognised tax matters, and are excluded from our adjusted tax charge to aid
  comparability and understanding of the Group’s performance.

The recognition and utilisation of deferred tax assets relating to tax losses and tax credits not historically generated in the normal course
of business are excluded on the same basis.

Recognition and utilisation of deferred tax assets
Significant one-off tax charges or credits arising from prior period items, and arising due to a change of facts and circumstances in the
current year, are excluded from the adjusted tax charge. The utilisation of previously recognised Deferred Tax Assets which, upon
recognition, were excluded from the adjusted tax charge, are similarly excluded.

Uncertain tax positions
Significant one-off tax charges or credits arising from a provision for uncertain tax items not arising in the normal course of business are
excluded from the adjusted tax charge.




                                                                                                                                       Page 40/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED


ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED



DEFINITIONS AND RECONCILIATIONS OF ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES

A) Tobacco & NGP net revenue
Tobacco & Next Generation Products (NGP) net revenue comprises associated revenue less duty and similar items, excluding peripheral
products. Management considers this an important measure in assessing the performance of Tobacco & NGP operations.

The Group recognises revenue on sales to Logista, a Group company, within its reported Tobacco & NGP revenue figure. As the revenue
calculation includes sales made to Logista from other Group companies but excludes Logista’s external sales, this metric differs from
revenue calculated under IFRS accounting standards. For the purposes of alternative performance measures on net revenue the Group
treat Logista as an arm’s length distributor on the basis that contractual rights are in line with other Third Party suppliers to Logista.
Variations in the amount of inventory held by Logista results in a different level of revenue compared to that which is included within the
income statement. For tobacco product sales, inventory level variations are normally not significant.

Reconciliation from Tobacco & NGP revenue to Tobacco & NGP net revenue
                                                                                         Unaudited                                            Unaudited
                                                                                     6 months ended                                      6 months ended
                                                                                           31 March                                            31 March
                                                                                               2026                                                2025
£ million                                                     Tobacco         NGP             Total          Tobacco              NGP             Total
Revenue                                                        9,152          215           9,367             9,422               187           9,609
Duty and similar items                                        (5,597)         (39)         (5,636)           (5,916)              (27)         (5,943)
Sales of peripheral products                                      (2)            -              (2)              (2)                -               (2)
Net revenue                                                   3,553           176           3,729            3,504               160            3,664

                                                                                                                                                Audited
                                                                                                                                             Year ended
                                                                                                                                          30 September
                                                                                                                                                   2025
£ million                                                                                                    Tobacco              NGP             Total
Revenue                                                                                                      21,071              432           21,503
Duty and similar items                                                                                       (13,120)             (64)         (13,184)
Sales of peripheral products                                                                                     (3)                -               (3)
Net revenue                                                                                                   7,948              368            8,316

B) Distribution gross profit
Distribution gross profit comprises the Distribution segment revenue less the cost of distributed products. Management considers this an
important measure in assessing the performance of Distribution operations.

Reconciliation from Distribution revenue to Distribution gross profit
                                                                                                          Unaudited          Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                                      6 months ended    6 months ended       Year ended
                                                                                                            31 March          31 March    30 September
£ million                                                                                                       2026              2025             2025
Distribution revenue                                                                                          5,751            5,359            11,448
Distribution cost of sales                                                                                  (4,963)           (4,595)          (9,918)
Distribution gross profit                                                                                      788               764            1,530




                                                                                                                                           Page 41/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED


ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED



C) Adjusted operating profit
Adjusted operating profit is calculated as operating profit amended for a number of adjustments, the principal changes are detailed below.
This measure is separately calculated and disclosed for Tobacco, NGP and Distribution where appropriate.

Reconciliation from profit before tax to adjusted operating profit
                                                                                                            Unaudited         Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                                        6 months ended   6 months ended       Year ended
                                                                                                              31 March         31 March    30 September
£ million                                                                                                         2026             2025             2025
Profit before tax                                                                                                 791           1,298             3,128
Net finance costs                                                                                                 137              162             374
Share of profit of investments accounted for using the equity method                                               (3)              (4)             (12)
Operating profit                                                                                                 925             1,456           3,490
Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles                                                               170              183             369
2030 Strategy review programme costs                                                                              210                6              122
Settlement costs of historic legal cases                                                                          313                -                -
Other                                                                                                             26                 7                7
Total adjustments                                                                                                 719              196             498
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                      1,644             1,652           3,988

Reconciliation from Tobacco & NGP operating profit to adjusted operating profit
                                                                                           Unaudited                                           Unaudited
                                                                                       6 months ended                                     6 months ended
                                                                                             31 March                                           31 March
                                                                                                 2026                                               2025
£ million                                                      Tobacco          NGP             Total          Tobacco             NGP             Total
Operating profit/(loss)                                              837        (61)            776             1,356              (62)          1,294
Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles                  156          14             170              160               19              179
2030 Strategy review programme costs                                 210           -             210                6                -                6
Settlement costs of historic legal cases                             313           -             313                 -               -                -
Other                                                                  3          7               10                7                -                7
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)                                 1,519          (40)          1,479             1,529              (43)          1,486

                                                                                                                                                 Audited
                                                                                                                                              Year ended
                                                                                                                                           30 September
                                                                                                                                                    2025
£ million                                                                                                      Tobacco             NGP             Total
Operating profit/(loss)                                                                                        3,299              (121)           3,178
Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles                                                               313               45             358
2030 Strategy review programme costs                                                                              122                -              122
Settlement costs of historic legal cases                                                                             -               -                -
Other                                                                                                               7                -                7
Adjusted operating profit/(loss)                                                                                3,741              (76)          3,665

Reconciliation from Distribution operating profit to Distribution adjusted operating profit
                                                                                                            Unaudited         Unaudited          Audited
                                                                                                        6 months ended   6 months ended       Year ended
                                                                                                              31 March         31 March    30 September
£ million                                                                                                         2026             2025             2025
Distribution operating profit                                                                                     153              161             305
Other                                                                                                              16                4                11
Distribution adjusted operating profit                                                                            169              165              316




                                                                                                                                           Page 42/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED


ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED



D) Adjusted operating profit margin
Adjusted operating profit margin is adjusted operating profit divided by net revenue expressed as a percentage. This measure is separately
calculated and disclosed for the Tobacco & NGP and Distribution businesses where appropriate. There is no reconciliation required for
this metric.

E) Adjusted net finance costs
Adjusted net finance costs excludes the movements in the fair value of financial instruments which are marked to market and not naturally
offset. This measure also excludes all post-employment benefit net finance costs since pension assets and liabilities and redundancy and
social plan provisions do not form part of adjusted net debt. This allows comparison of the Group’s cost of debt with adjusted net debt.

IFRS 9 requires that all derivative financial instruments are recognised in the consolidated balance sheet at fair value, with changes in the
fair value being recognised in the consolidated income statement unless the instrument satisfies the hedge accounting rules under IFRS
and the Group chooses to designate the derivative financial instrument as a hedge.

The Group hedges underlying exposures in an efficient, commercial and structured manner. However, the strict hedging requirements of
IFRS 9 may lead to some commercially effective hedge positions not qualifying for hedge accounting. As a result, and as permitted under
IFRS 9, the Group has decided not to apply cash flow or fair value hedge accounting for its derivative financial instruments. However, the
Group does apply net investment hedging, designating certain borrowings and derivatives as hedges of the net investment in the Group’s
foreign operations, as permitted by IFRS 9, in order to reduce income statement volatility.

The Group excludes fair value gains and losses on derivative financial instruments and exchange gains and losses on borrowings from
adjusted net finance costs. Fair value gains and losses on the interest element of derivative financial instruments are excluded as there is
no direct natural offset between the movements on derivatives and the interest charge on debt in any one period, as the derivatives and
debt instruments may be contracted over different periods, although they will reverse over time or are matched in future periods by
interest charges. The fair value gains on derivatives are excluded as they can introduce volatility in the finance charge for any given period.

Fair value gains and losses on the currency element of derivative financial instruments and exchange gains and losses on borrowings are
excluded as the relevant foreign exchange gains and losses on the instruments in a net investment hedging relationship are accumulated
as a separate component of other comprehensive income in accordance with the Group’s policy on foreign currency.

Fair value movements arising from the revaluation of contingent consideration liabilities are adjusted out where they represent one-off
acquisition costs that are not linked to the current period underlying performance of the business. Fair value adjustments on loans
receivable measured at fair value are excluded as they arise due to counterparty credit risk changes that are not directly related to the
underlying commercial performance of the business.

The net interest on defined benefit assets or liabilities, together with the unwind of discount on redundancy, social plans and other
long-term provisions, are reported within net finance costs. These items together with their related tax effects are excluded from our
adjusted earnings measures, as they primarily represent charges associated with historic employee benefit commitments, rather than the
ongoing current period costs of operating the business.

Reconciliation from reported net finance costs to adjusted net finance costs
                                                                                                         Unaudited         Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                    6 months ended    6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                                          31 March          31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                     2026              2025            2025
Reported net finance costs                                                                                    137               162            374
Fair value gains on derivative financial instruments                                                         389               206             227
Fair value losses on derivative financial instruments                                                       (285)              (198)           (219)
Exchange (losses)/gains on financing activities                                                                (11)              25               5
Net fair value and exchange gains on financial instruments                                                    93                 33              13
Interest income on net defined benefit assets                                                                   9                 9              18
Interest cost on net defined benefit liabilities                                                              (15)              (14)           (29)
Post-employment benefits net financing costs                                                                   (6)               (5)             (11)
Tax interest (cost)/income                                                                                      (1)               9             38
Effect of discounting on long-term provisions                                                                    -                -               (1)
Adjusted net finance costs                                                                                   223                199             413
Comprising
Interest income on bank deposits                                                                               (7)               (7)            (14)
Interest cost on lease liabilities                                                                              8                 7              15
Interest cost on bank and other loans                                                                        222                199            412
Adjusted net finance costs                                                                                   223                199             413




                                                                                                                                       Page 43/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED


ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED



F) Adjusted tax charge
The adjusted tax charge is calculated by amending the reported tax charge for significant one-off tax charges or credits, as detailed in the
table below. The adjusted tax rate is calculated as the adjusted tax charge divided by the adjusted operating profit before tax.

Reconciliation from reported tax to adjusted tax charge
Reported tax for the six months ended 31 March 2026 has been calculated on the basis of a forecast effective rate for the year ended
30 September 2025.
                                                                                                                  Unaudited          Unaudited         Audited
                                                                                                             6 months ended     6 months ended       Year ended
                                                                                                                   31 March           31 March    30 September
£ million                                                                                                              2026               2025             2025
Reported tax                                                                                                           242                412            908
Deferred tax on amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles                                                        -                 5              17
Tax on net foreign exchange and fair value losses and gains on financial instruments                                     (21)             (43)           (168)
Tax on post-employment benefits net financing costs and income                                                             3                 2               5
Tax on 2030 Strategy review programme costs                                                                              59                  -             38
Tax on interest settlements                                                                                                -                 -              (2)
Tax on settlement costs of historic legal cases                                                                          78                  -               -
Tax on other adjusting items                                                                                               5                  1              -
Recognition and utilisation of deferred tax assets                                                                      (32)              (35)            (66)
Uncertain tax positions                                                                                                    -                 -             64
Prior year adjustments                                                                                                     -                 -             40
Adjusted tax charge                                                                                                    334               342              836

G) Adjusted earnings per share
Adjusted earnings is calculated by amending the reported basic earnings for all of the adjustments recognised in the calculation of the
adjusted operating profit, adjusted finance costs and adjusted tax charge metrics as detailed above. Adjusted earnings per share is
calculated by dividing adjusted earnings by the weighted average number of shares.

Reconciliation from reported to adjusted earnings and earnings per share
                                                                               Unaudited                           Unaudited                           Audited
                                                                          6 months ended                      6 months ended                         Year ended
                                                                                31 March                            31 March                      30 September
                                                                                    2026                                2025                               2025
                                                           Earnings per      Earnings net    Earnings per        Earnings net      Earnings per    Earnings net
£ million unless otherwise indicated                      share (pence)            of tax   share (pence)              of tax     share (pence)          of tax
Reported basic                                                   59.9               475            96.7                808               251.1          2,071
Amortisation and impairment of acquired intangibles              21.4               170             21.3                178              42.7             352
2030 Strategy review programme costs                             19.0                151            0.7                    6             10.2              84
Settlement costs of historic legal cases                         29.6               235                -                   -                 -               -
Other adjusting items                                             2.7                 21            0.7                    6              0.8                7
Net fair value and exchange movements
on financial instruments                                          (9.1)             (72)             1.2                  10             18.9              155
Post-employment benefits net financing costs
and income                                                        0.4                  3            0.4                    3              0.7                6
Tax interest cost/(income)                                         0.1                  1            (1.1)                (9)             (4.4)           (36)
Effect of discounting on long-term provisions                        -                 -               -                   -               0.1                1
Recognition and utilisation of deferred tax assets                4.0                32             4.2                  35               8.0              66
Uncertain tax positions                                              -                 -               -                   -              (7.8)           (64)
Prior year adjustments                                               -                 -               -                   -             (4.8)            (40)
Adjustments above attributable
to non-controlling interests                                     (0.3)                (2)          (0.2)                  (2)            (0.5)              (4)
Adjusted                                                        127.7             1,014           123.9               1,035             315.0          2,598
Adjusted diluted                                                126.9             1,014           123.2               1,035             312.8          2,598

H) Constant currency
Constant currency removes the effect of exchange rate movements on the translation of the results of our overseas operations. The Group
translates current period results at prior year foreign exchange rates. An analysis of all key metrics can be found in the Financial Summary
section of the half year results statement.




                                                                                                                                                  Page 44/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED


ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES CONTINUED



I) Adjusted net debt
Management monitors the Group’s borrowing levels using adjusted net debt which excludes interest accruals, lease liabilities and the fair
value of derivative financial instruments providing commercial hedges.

Adjusted net debt calculation
                                                                                                       Unaudited         Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                         31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                   2026             2025            2025
Reported net debt                                                                                       (10,943)          (10,471)        (8,954)
Accrued interest                                                                                             80                67             123
Lease liabilities                                                                                           404              394             402
Fair value of interest rate derivatives                                                                      (59)             54              23
Adjusted net debt                                                                                       (10,518)          (9,956)        (8,406)

Average adjusted net debt during the period was £10,539 million (31 March 2025: £9,665 million).

J) Adjusted net debt to adjusted earnings before interest, taxation, depreciation and amortisation (EBITDA) multiple
This is defined as adjusted net debt divided by adjusted EBITDA. Adjusted net debt is measured at balance sheet foreign exchange rates,
with a full reconciliation shown in table I above. Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as adjusted operating profit plus depreciation, amortisation
and impairments. The reconciliation from adjusted operating profit to adjusted EBITDA is shown below.
                                                                                                       Unaudited         Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                   6 months ended   6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                                         31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                    2026             2025            2025
Adjusted operating profit (see section C above)                                                           1,644             1,652         3,988
Depreciation, amortisation and impairments                                                                   156              146             311
Adjusted EBITDA                                                                                           1,800             1,798         4,299

K) Adjusted operating cash conversion
Adjusted operating cash conversion is calculated as cash flow from operations pre-restructuring and before interest and tax payments less
net capital expenditure relating to property, plant and equipment, software and intellectual property rights as a percentage of adjusted
operating profit.

Adjusted operating cash conversion calculation
                                                                                                       Unaudited         Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                   6 months ended   6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                                         31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million unless otherwise indicated                                                                         2026             2025            2025
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                                      (133)             (32)         3,627
Tax                                                                                                         363              372              513
Net capital expenditure                                                                                     (162)            (144)          (338)
Settlement costs of historic legal cases                                                                    150                 -               -
2030 Strategy review programme costs                                                                          37                6              21
Restructuring                                                                                                  7               13             29
Cash flow post capital expenditure pre interest and tax                                                     262               215          3,852
Adjusted operating profit                                                                                 1,644             1,652         3,988
Adjusted operating cash conversion                                                                         16 %             13 %           97 %

L) Free cash flow
Free cash flow is operating profit adjusted for certain cash and non cash items. The principal adjustments are depreciation, working capital
movements, net capex, restructuring cash flows, tax cash flows, cash interest and minority interest dividends.

Reconciliation from net cash generated from operating activities to free cash flow
                                                                                                       Unaudited         Unaudited        Audited
                                                                                                   6 months ended   6 months ended      Year ended
                                                                                                         31 March         31 March   30 September
£ million                                                                                                    2026             2025            2025
Net cash (used in)/generated from operating activities                                                      (133)             (32)         3,627
Net capital expenditure                                                                                     (162)            (144)          (338)
Cash interest                                                                                               (261)           (239)           (384)
Minority interest dividends                                                                                 (107)            (102)           (156)
Free cash flow                                                                                             (663)             (517)         2,749




                                                                                                                                     Page 45/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED


GLOSSARY


Financial terms                                                       Financial terms
Adjusted closing      Adjusted closing net debt is measured at        Constant currency    Removes the effect of exchange rate
net debt              balance sheet foreign exchange rates, with                           movements on the translation of the results
                      a full reconciliation shown within section I                         of our overseas operations. The Group
                      of the supplementary information.                                    translates current year results at prior year
Adjusted earnings     This is an alternative performance measure                           foreign exchange rates.
per share             which is defined within section G of the        Dividend per share   Dividend per share represents the total
                      supplementary information.                                           annual dividends, being the sum of the paid
Adjusted EBITDA       Adjusted EBITDA is calculated as adjusted                            interim dividend and the proposed final
                      operating profit plus amortisation,                                  dividend for the financial year.
                      depreciation and impairments.                   DBO                  Dividend Benefit Obligation.
Adjusted net debt     This is an alternative performance measure      GAAP                 Generally accepted accounting principles.
                      which is defined within section I of the        EBITDA               Earnings before interest, taxation,
                      supplementary information.                                           depreciation and amortisation.
Adjusted net debt     This is an alternative performance measure.     EPS                  Earnings per share.
to adjusted           Adjusted net debt is defined within section I
EBITDA multiple       of the supplementary information. Adjusted      Free cash flow       This is an alternative performance measure
                      EBITDA is defined within section J of the                            which is defined within section L of the
                      supplementary information.                                           supplementary information.

Adjusted net          This is an alternative performance measure      Market share         Market share is presented as a 6-month
finance costs         which is defined within section E of the                             average to the end of March (MHT – moving
                      supplementary information.                                           half-year trend), unless otherwise stated.

Adjusted              Non-GAAP measures to provide a useful           Net debt to EBITDA   Adjusted closing net debt divided
(Non-GAAP)            comparison of performance from one              multiple             by adjusted EBITDA.
                      period to the next.                             Reported (GAAP)      Reported (GAAP) Complies with
Adjusted operating    This is an alternative performance measure                           International Financial Reporting
cash conversion       which is defined within section K of the                             Standards and the relevant legislation.
                      supplementary information.                      Stick equivalent     Stick equivalent volumes reflect our
Adjusted operating    This is an alternative performance measure      volumes              combined cigarette, fine cut tobacco, cigar
profit                which is defined within section C of the                             and snus volumes but exclude any NGP
                      supplementary information.                                           volume such as heated tobacco, modern
                                                                                           oral nicotine and vapour.
Adjusted operating    Adjusted operating profit margin is
profit margin         calculated as adjusted operating profit         Tobacco & NGP        These are adjusted performance measures
                      divided by net revenue.                         Net revenue/         which are defined within sections A and B
                                                                      Distribution         of the supplementary information.
Adjusted tax          This is an alternative performance measure      gross profit
charge                which is defined within section F of the
                      supplementary information.                      Total shareholder    Total shareholder return is the total
                                                                      return               investment gain to shareholders resulting
Aggregate priority    Aggregate weighted market volume share,                              from the movement in the share price and
market share          based on our five priority markets (USA,                             assuming dividends are immediately
                      Germany, UK, Spain and Australia). Market                            reinvested in shares.
                      volume share is presented as a 6-month
                      average to the end of March (MHT – moving
                      half-year trend), unless otherwise stated.
All in cost of debt   Adjusted net finance costs divided by the
                      average net debt in the period.
Cash conversion       Cash conversion is calculated as cash flow
                      from operations pre-restructuring and
                      before interest and tax payments less net
                      capital expenditure relating to property,
                      plant and equipment, software and
                      intellectual property rights as a percentage
                      of adjusted operating profit.




                                                                                                                               Page 46/47
SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION CONTINUED


GLOSSARY CONTINUED


Other
AAACE              Africa, Asia and Australasia and Central
                   & Eastern Europe
CEO                Chief Executive Officer
CFO                Chief Financial Officer
Distribution       Logistics segment
ESG                Environmental, social and governance
EVP                Electronic Vape Products.
EY                 Ernst & Young LLP
FCT                Fine Cut Tobacco
FDA                US Food and Drug Administration
FMC                Factory Made Cigarettes
HT                 Heated Tobacco
HTP                Heated Tobacco Products
ITPF               Imperial Tobacco Pension Fund
MMC                Mass Market Cigars
MOND               Modern Oral Nicotine Delivery
MPI                Manufacturer’s Price Increase
NGP                Next Generation Products
NTM                Non-tobacco materials
Priority markets   USA, Germany, UK, Spain and Australia
RCPP               Reemtsma Cigarettenfabriken GmbH
                   Pension Plan
SE                 Stick Equivalent (SE) volumes reflect our
                   combined cigarette, fine cut tobacco, cigar
                   and snus volumes
Tobacco & NGP      Tobacco & Next Generation Products
UK                 United Kingdom




                                                                 Page 47/47
