dbAccess Global Consumer Conference
 Fireside Chat with Imperial Brands
           CEO and CFO




        Tuesday, 2nd June 2026
                Paris
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference               Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


Cautionary Statement

   Certain statements in this announcement constitute or may constitute
   forward-looking statements. Any statement in this announcement that is not
   a statement of historical fact including, without limitation, those regarding the
   Company’s future expectations, operations, financial performance, financial
   condition and business is or may be a forward-looking statement. Such
   forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may
   cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied in any
   forward-looking statement. These risks and uncertainties include, among
   other factors, changing economic, financial, business or other market
   conditions. These and other factors could adversely affect the outcome and
   financial effects of the plans and events described in this announcement. As
   a result, you are cautioned not to place any reliance on such forward-looking
   statements. The forward-looking statements reflect knowledge and
   information available at the date of this announcement and the Company
   undertakes no obligation to update its view of such risks and uncertainties or
   to update the forward-looking statements contained herein. Nothing in this
   announcement should be construed as a profit forecast or profit estimate and
   no statement in this announcement should be interpreted to mean that the
   future earnings per share of the Company for current or future financial years
   will necessarily match or exceed the historical or published earnings per
   share of the Company.
   This announcement has been prepared for, and only for, the members of the
   Company, as a body, and no other persons. The Company, its directors,
   employees, agents or advisers do not accept or assume responsibility to any
   other person to whom this announcement is shown or into whose hands it
   may come and any such responsibility or liability is expressly disclaimed.




                                                                                 2
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                          Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


                                      Fireside Chat

Host: Damian McNeela, Director, Research, Global Tobacco, Deutsche Bank
Guests: Lukas Paravicini, CEO, and Murray McGowan, CFO, Imperial Brands


Damian McNeela:
Okay. Thank you for attending this fireside chat this afternoon with Lukas Paravicini, Chief Ex-
ecutive of Imperial, and Murray McGowan, CFO of Imperial Brands. I'm Damian McNeela, Re-
search Analyst at Deutsche Bank. I think Lukas, if we just start, we're approaching on the
year anniversary of you taking over the reins of Chief Exec. Can you perhaps provide us with
some reflections on how you think the last year has gone and where your areas of focus have
been, please?

Lukas Paravicini:
Well, thank you very much for hosting us, Damian, and a very warm welcome to all of you
here in the room and online. As you said, it's a fast-paced time. Time passes fast,
and there's never a dull moment to start with. I have enjoyed the first eight months a
lot. I've enjoyed traveling a lot to the markets, see our teams, meeting our consumers, and
sense the energy, the motivation to build our strong foundations and continue to deliver
shareholder value. We are performing and transforming. We are performing in the short term.
We are delivering. We had a good start to '26. We had a good start to the Strategy 2030.
We are delivering operational and financial performance. We have reconfirmed our guidance
for a double-digit growth in NGP for the full year. Our challenger approach remains at the
heart of what we do and the source of competitive advantage, and we are transforming,
which is really important as well.

And the transformation really has two legs, which is significant opportunity in self-help effi-
ciencies, and we have committed to £320 million; we are on track. And we are looking at also
making sure that we deliver transformation that allows us to be closer to the consumer, tap
into technology, including AI, and actually search for that additional revenue, which is really
the attractive part of the transformation. The efficiency is the ticket to the game. It's a neces-
sary thing we want to do. No consumer pays for inefficiency, but the added-on capability to
use our talents better through technology is really the added benefit. So, really ex-
cited with what we have done so far and what we have in front of us.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. Okay. I think, obviously, the recent interim results we had a broader discussion about
market share dynamics and the interplay with managing profitability. Is it worth just refresh-
ing us on what the Imperial approach is and how we should think about the recent perfor-
mance?

                                                                                                  3
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                           Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


Lukas Paravicini:
Yeah, a very good question. And I think as a consumer company, market share is a very im-
portant metric. It has been important in the past. We have reconfirmed the importance of
market share at the Capital Markets Day last year and it remains very important. And in fact,
if you look back by the end of '25, we've gained 50 basis points market share in those famous
aggregate five markets, but we also gained 195 basis points in the US. But also, we are
evolving, and we want to fine-tune for the sake of value generation for shareholders,
the market share approach, especially in an environment like the US where you have the
price ladder expanding significantly. What does that mean? You can make seven times your
gross margin at the top versus the bottom segment.

It is the extreme, I admit that. You would look at Spain and Germany, you get three times
that. And that means that one volume share, one BPS volume share is not equal. And hence,
we are looking at where do we double-down? At the top? Why we play at the bottom? Be-
cause we have consumers. But we play with a balance of pricing. In a given year, we might
choose to not gain market share because we don't want to invest in the bottom and rather
price. And that's the case in the US. We've gained market share, segment share in Winston
Cool, but we have not doubled down on the bottom. We've gained share, but we have not
wanted to invest in that bottom. We rather took price, because that is a better value long
term. Share remains important, but not every BPS of volume share is equal.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah, that's fair. And then, you mentioned the US. It's your biggest market. It's a mar-
ket that's seen quite a lot of shifts over the last 12 to 18 months, consumer regulation. Can
you just give us some insights on how you see US combustibles business at the minute, and
then perhaps specifically talk about maybe your aspirations in deep discount with Malibu?

Lukas Paravicini:
Sure. It is fair to say that we've got a portfolio of countries which are very interesting starting
with the US. US has always been an interesting market, has been always a well-performing
market, and it continues to be an affordable market, where we have a great offering at any
price point. That has not changed. And in fact, I would say, compared to a year ago, you have
even seen an improvement in the market in terms of volume. I remember lots of discussion a
year ago, even two years ago, about volume decreases in the US being at the high single dig-
its. This time, we are at 5.5. We've seen better improvement enforcement in vape. We've seen
better price elasticity because there has been more activity, more players in the bottom seg-
ment that has had a benefit in our consumer base. That has improved.

I would also be very clear that as much as perhaps it's a bit more chaotic in terms of the an-
nouncement of the FDA, if you're fair and you stand back over the last eight months, the FDA
has gone in the right direction and it is very clear that they do genuine efforts to reduce the

                                                                                                4
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                             Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


backlog of PMTAs and simplify the process. Do we need more clarity? Do we need more infor-
mation? Do we need more clarification? Yes. But if you tell me about the context of the US, it
has always been an affordable (market). We have a great position, and it has improved in
terms of volume and FDA regulation. Within that, we have operated with discipline.

We have maintained our share at Cool and Winston at the top, which have gained market
segment share. We have grown market share in Crown. But we have also priced, as I said be-
fore, to extract that value that we want. We have launched Malibu, which to be fair, it's not
going to be a big brand. We're not going to put a lot of money behind it, but it allows us to
have a base at the bottom that now allows us to price other brands like Crown and Sonoma
according to the rhythm of the tobacco industry. And don't forget, we are very strong in mass
market cigars. We have Backwoods, which is an iconic brand, which is gaining segment share
again. So, really, very pleased with the US.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. Okay. That's pretty clear. I think Germany is a market that historically in the last five-
year plan, you struggled to recover market share, but the last couple of periods we've seen
good improvement in market share. Can you just talk about what's been happening on the
ground to support that improvement in share and how we should think about developments
going forward in Germany?

Murray McGowan:
I think we're really pleased with the performance of a German market. It's a market with very
predictable pricing, stable tax excise regime, and a very highly affordable market. If I think
what we've done, the playbook we've applied in Germany is the same as a play-
book we've applied in other markets. We've invested behind our brands, so really pleased
with performance at the top end with the likes of Gauloises and Davidoff, and then Paramount
at the lower end catching those people who want to down-trade has performed very well, re-
ally capturing some significant volume. We've also invested behind our salesforce. Last year,
we invested behind the salesforce for combustibles. We put more people in behind our NGP
business today as well in Germany. It's a really appealing market for us. But the playbook in
Germany is the same as the playbook we apply to the markets. And it's great to see the per-
formance continue of that market after what was a number of years of significant share de-
cline.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. Okay. If we move to a market that seems to be moving from challenge to challenge in
the UK, it's still a significant profit contributor. How do you still see the attractiveness of the
UK market given the regulatory backdrop?




                                                                                                      5
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                           Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


Murray McGowan:
The UK is an interesting market for us. It remains one of our top five markets, but it is a rela-
tively low volume share now. It's around 3% of volume of the group. It's a market that has
seen high excise increases over time, so it's a less affordable market compared to some of
the others. But I'm pleased with how our business has performed in that area. The team's
done a good job, and we've prioritised value over share. Again, focusing on our brand invest-
ment to support that, but also taking reasonable pricing steps over time. The benefit in the
UK we have is the ability to offset some of that through our next generation products busi-
ness. We've got a very good position within vaping in the UK, so just over 10% share now for
our blu product, and we've recently launched into modern oral as well, which is still an early
start, but made a really promising early start for next generation growth within the UK mar-
ket.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. Okay. And then Spain, you have a mix of international brands and local dual brands.
How different is that to other markets you operate in and how do you manage the interplay of
making sure that you deliver your targets from that portfolio.

Murray McGowan:
Spain’s market is interesting. It's probably one of the most affordable markets we are present
in. Price for a pack of cigarettes in Spain is anything from €5 up now versus the UK at proba-
bly £17 for a pack of cigarettes. So, a really affordable market. And in the market, we're very
choiceful again on brand investment. We invest behind some of our local dual brands, likes
of Ducados or some of our more scale brands such as West in Spain. We continue to make
very choiceful moves across the portfolio to make sure we can optimize value creation in the
marketplace. Very pleased with the way the business is performing, but it does remain a very,
very high affordable market with very low levels of volume decline over time. So, very attrac-
tive market from our perspective.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. And then perhaps the smallest one of the so called top five markets in Australia, it con-
tinues to be challenging operating environment but still very profitable. I mean, what steps is
the business taking to protect profitability? What is the sort of outlook for Australia, I guess,
over the short to medium term?

Lukas Paravicini:
We've always said that Australia is a difficult market. That's not new. I started in this group
five years ago and it was already then a difficult market. We knew that the profit pool would
be shrinking. And on the back of the public health bill last year in April, that has accelerated.
And we've now reached the flabbergasting 50% market size reduction in the first half. It is
yet still a very profitable market, don't get me wrong, but it is becoming a smaller market, a

                                                                                                  6
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                         Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


much smaller market. The challenge for us is not the market itself because it is profita-
ble. It's a step down that you have seen in one year, which is really the pain for us. Once you
go through that, we'll go back to a more normal, smaller market, but profitable market.

I also would say that I'm really impressed with our team. How they, in a very difficult market
and remember you can't go into NGP, it's a forbidden category, in that environment, our
team has done a phenomenal job to extract value to adapt the operating model. We've gone
from a direct model to a hybrid model to an indirect model. We have reduced our labour force
there. We have adapted well. And I'm sure that in the next two years we will be less talking
about Australia. Currently, it is less than 1% of our volume. It's less than 1.5% of our sales,
so it's really not something that we are going to be talking too much about, but it will remain
a valuable business going forward.

Damian McNeela:
So perhaps then switching to some of the areas where you might be talking a bit
more, you've got quite a large range of growth markets that you operate in. Is it worth just
talking about some of those bigger growth markets specifically in what you're doing in them
and the growth opportunities you see going forward?

Lukas Paravicini:
Thanks for addressing that because I think we talk a lot about the five markets and they're
still five markets because we have committed to the aggregate market share of those five
markets. But in reality, if you step back, and you look at our strategy, which is a very simple,
compelling strategy, generate sustainable value from combustibles, grow our NGP business to
a meaningful business, and then transform the business to generate self-help and future rev-
enue growth. If you go back to the sustainable value generation of combustible, that's appli-
cable to all markets. And we have a very nice portfolio. We have UK, which is an interesting
NGP market. We have Australia, but we also have US, Germany, Spain, highly affordable,
highly attractive markets. And we have Africa, for example. It's 10% of our AOP. It's growing
ahead of the group average. We also have leading position in what we call Asia, Middle East,
we have a leading position there. We have leading position in Central Eastern Europe.
We don't talk much about it and it's on a much smaller basis, don't get me wrong. But South-
east Europe, where we have markets like Italy, Romania, Bulgaria, they have done very well
in tobacco. And as I said, starting from a lower base, but they have done very well gaining
share there.

And all these markets, be that central Eastern Europe, Southeast Europe, or Europe in gen-
eral, have huge potential in NGP as well.




                                                                                               7
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                            Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


Damian McNeela:
And just a broader question on the ability of the combustibles business to keep delivering
pricing, but what's your degree of conviction that you can deliver pricing to offset the volume
declines that you're seeing in general?

Lukas Paravicini:
There's one statement only. The tobacco model, excluding UK and Australia, as you know, is
working very well. And especially where your volume decreases are lower, your pricing need
is less. Our target is not an absolute pricing. Our target is a net revenue because the tobacco
model works. Trading a net revenue that is slightly positive with a volume decrease and that
gives a huge lever on your operating profit. That is a tobacco model. With the affordable we
see in Europe, in the US, Germany, Spain, with the growth we see in Africa, that model works
very well still.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. Okay, thanks. And if you move now to have a look at the NGP business, I think growth
in the first half was just under 8%. The ambition is to get that to sort of almost double. What
are the levers that you're going to be pulling or what are the things that are going to help
drive that in the second half?

Murray McGowan:
I think you're right. We were 7.5% growth in NGP in the first half, which we've still committed
to the double-digit growth for the full year. There's some of the elements to call out in terms
of confidence of getting there. I think, first of all, we did talk at the Half Year Results about a
one-off charge that we had to take in the first half, which related to promotional activity over
the course of our financial year-end that won't repeat. It's worth saying without that charge,
we would've been double-digit growth at the half year and the US would've been in very
strong net revenue growth in NGP as well. In terms of, if we look across different regions and
what the drivers are, US, we continue to see good performance in the model oral business in
the US. We have a recent acquisition of Black Buffalo, which is a great addition to our NGP
portfolio in the US and allows us to go after quite a distinct consumer segment with the prod-
ucts really targeting those users of moist smokeless tobacco today, which will be incremental
in the second half.

If we then look at Europe, we're seeing a really good performance within vaping as people
transition from disposables to pod-like systems, and we've got some great performance
within heated tobacco in Southern Europe, particularly Italy, Romania. And in the Nordics as
well, we've seen some great performance of modern oral. And within our AAACE region, that
Central Eastern Europe block, we're seeing good performance of heated tobacco, across likes
of Poland, Hungary, Czech. I'm feeling good about the drivers we've got and the performance


                                                                                                 8
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                          Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


of the portfolio as a whole, and that we'll deliver against our double-digit commitment for the
full year.

Damian McNeela:
And just the Black Buffalo acquisition, I think it's a category that not many people are familiar
with, perhaps caught people a little bit offside. Can you just talk us through what you saw and
what you liked in the acquisition?

Murray McGowan:
Yeah. I think the acquisition for us, it was absolutely in line with us as a challenger business
looking to grow a scale proposition within next generation products. The reason we like the
proposition, it really targets those users of moist smokeless tobacco in the US, loose tobacco
or pouches, but with real tobacco inside, it gives them a tobacco-free alternative. And often
for those people that use moist smokeless today, modern oral is quite a departure from their
habit they're used to, whereas the Black Buffalo proposition really recreates the
habit they've got. We think it's quite a unique brand. The founders of the business did a great
job of building a brand that really resonates with the target consumer. And as we tested it
with a very broad range of consumers, it tastes very well. It tastes very well against estab-
lished brands within the MST category. We're feeling good about the opportunity to really
scale that brand and bring another option for a reduced risk product to consumers in the US.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. Okay. Pretty clear, thanks. If we then look at the heated tobacco business that you've
got, Pulse has been performing pretty well across a couple of European markets, can you talk
about the specifics of who you are targeting in those markets and what the strategies are to
grow it?

Lukas Paravicini:
It's a very good question. We are quite distinctive in our strategy. We have, as I said before,
a clear target to grow double-digit our NGP business, because we want to build a meaningful
business and hopefully over time unlock our terminal value, and it is important for our pur-
pose, but we do that with high discipline. High discipline because we recognize as the fourth-
largest player, it is not for us to create markets where they do not exist or where we do not
have to route to market. We will continue to be very disciplined because our focus is on our
shareholders, on creating a meaningful business that is profitable, and ultimately, we want
our fair share in that. But it's also important, if you look to your point, where we are success-
ful, where we are playing, we focus really a lot on our consumer.

We will, as a challenger, always start with our consumer and that allows us to innovate our
product. So, don't get me wrong, when we go in the market, we go with everything in the
market and we will bring innovations to the market. Pulse is a very good example, where we


                                                                                                9
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                           Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


have innovated again with our latest device, which is called Pulse 3. The sticks that go with it,
be that herbal sticks, so we can offer flavours, or the tobacco sticks that allow smokers to
move further from smoking into this heated tobacco. And that product, because it resonates
with consumer, because we start with consumer, has done extremely well in Italy, in Central
Eastern Europe, and also in Greece where that's a predominant category.

Damian McNeela:
Now, perhaps the NGP category that gets the most attention - pouches. I'll ask the FDA ques-
tion first; is how do you see the changes that the FDA have put forward in terms of the crite-
ria around the PMTA pathway to launching products?

Lukas Paravicini:
As I said before, if you step back over the last eight months, we could see a genuine interest
and effort and success in the FDA. Not just curbing illicit together with other federal entities
and authorities, but also working on the backlogs of the FDA and simplifying the process, so
that manufacturers like us have a visibility that, if we would submit a PMTA, we also see the
light at the end of the day, so that we can launch that product. I think that is very much wel-
come. It's not just for the pouches. We understand this is a general guidance. Like every-
thing, we are waiting for more clarity. We need more codification so this can be perpetrated
and not reversed in a years’ time or in two years’ time.

I think that is welcome. And it aligns with the interest in this category. It does not allow eve-
rybody to play in this category, let's be clear. It helps the big players, like us, because you
still need a lot of money to go into a PMTA. You still need to do clinical test, rightly so. They
take 12 months at least. You have to submit a lot of documentation. You need resources. But
now at least we know that if we do that, we have a pathway to launch that product, which
is very helpful.

Now, if I go back to the OND category in the US, we are focusing on that category. Black Buf-
falo will extend, which is part of the modern oral nicotine, will extend that category for us,
will also give better presence in the retail outlets. But we have the benefit in that case that
we already have a pipeline of innovations that is grandfathered. We can launch new flavours,
we can launch new strengths that we do not require to have a PMTA. The FDA is more a long-
term benefit for us. Short-term, we will be able to continue be successful and build share, as
we have done in the past in oral nicotine.

Damian McNeela:
At the pre-close you made some comments about increased competition in US pouch cate-
gory. Given the news flow over the last couple of days with new launches coming into the
market, how do you feel about the competitive nature of the US pouch market over the next
couple of months?


                                                                                                    10
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                          Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


Lukas Paravicini:
What we need to understand, the OND market, or the oral nicotine market, the modern oral
nicotine market, is a nascent category. It's an attractive category from a margin point of
view, is growing fast. It is quite typical in any consumer business that if you have such a cat-
egory that the leaders of the segment, the leaders of the market would invest heavily to in-
crease trial, to increase awareness of that category attracting more consumers. That's not un-
usual. And normally what happens is that your volume growth is ahead of the net revenue
growth. And there's no difference today in the OND. You'll see volume growth ahead of the
net revenue growth. In that environment, we do very well with our innovation and our focus
on the consumer we know best. We are growing share. We're growing 40% volume with the
adjustment of the promotional activity at the year end. We are growing over 20% of net reve-
nue. I think it is a category that is in its own dynamic growing, and the innovation that we are
seeing will only ferment that.

Damian McNeela:
And when you look at Europe where obviously you're performing well with Zone and Skruf,
and the US where you're starting to get traction, is there a market where you want to suc-
ceed more in, or is it you want to succeed equally in both those environments?

Lukas Paravicini:
No, I think we start with the consumer. Where we are, we will want to win with the consumer.
Now again, winning for us means not beating the bigger players. I think that's one thing that
we are very clear, what is the role of being the fourth largest? But we want to have our fair
share. We want to have an attractive profitable business that is growing at double digit, and
we are well on the way to it.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. Okay. And then in vapes, you made the decision to pull out of the US. Can you just talk
about the rationale for doing that and whether you would ever consider going back in? And
then secondly, the European performance of vapes have been pretty strong. Can you just talk
about how you think about that market going forwards, please?

Murray McGowan:
We're really pleased with the performance of vape in Europe. Europe's our key focus for vap-
ing. It's the one where we see the most established markets for vaping and it's one where the
regulation allows us to innovate at pace in the marketplace. Within Europe, you do see a tran-
sition, as talked before, around from disposables to pod-like devices. In the UK and
France, I've seen that transition take place. I think we've performed very well through that
period. We've managed to gain share as those transitions have taken place and now double
the share in vaping in the UK. It remains a really highly attractive category in the UK and one
we'll continue to invest behind. I think in the US it's quite different. The product that we had

                                                                                                11
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                          Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


on sale, myblu, in the US, was a product which had been on sale since 2017, so almost 10
years old now. And it's a product which only went after the lower strength segment of the
market. It's around 20% of the vaping market in the US. So, it was a smaller segment with a
very aged device up against illicit devices, which are the latest technology. For us, it was a
small revenue pool making a small loss. It was in the world of being choiceful as a chal-
lenger, it was the right decision for us to come out.

To your question about going back in, we continually look at it. I think with greater clarity on
the FDA regulation and more certainty in the timeline versus what we've seen historically,
then for sure we'd look at that as an opportunity of the future, especially given the strong
performance of our vaping business in Europe.

Damian McNeela:
Okay. I mean, one of the key attributes that everybody likes about Imperial is cash resilience
and the conversion rate. What are the key drivers that you believe sustain that strong cash
generation over the medium term?

Murray McGowan:
You're right. The tobacco model is a very cash generative model; the business does create a
lot of cash. And we've demonstrated with the robustness of the tobacco pricing model that we
can offset volume declines through pricing in the vast majority of our markets. I would say
internally, how do we manage to drive this internally? I think cash generation has the same
level of focus as P&L management in the business. We talk a lot about cash and how we man-
age cash as business, whether that's through management or capital spend in the business,
we spend around £350 million a year investing in growth for the business, but also manage-
ment of working capital. It gets a lot of time and attention from the team as a whole, that al-
lows us to really drive a strong cash conversion for the business, which clearly thinks a com-
pelling narrative for our investors as to why the business is an attractive investment.

Damian McNeela:
And do you have any sort of contingencies in place to defend against, I guess, worsening con-
sumer backdrop or particular geopolitical shocks?

Murray McGowan:
As you expect every year, as we look at cash and the options of making around capital alloca-
tion, we're very clear. Our first and foremost, we'll invest in our business, the £350 million I
talked about. Secondly, we maintain a strong balance sheet, we always keep our net debt to
EBITDA ratio between 2 – 2.5%, so, typically, the lower end at the full year. We offer pro-
gressive dividend then excess capital we look to return to our shareholders. And that's an an-
nual discussion with the board. This year we'll complete a £1.45 billion share buyback. And
when those discussions with the board are under our headroom for that, we always consider


                                                                                                 12
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                           Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


the unexpected; are there any potential legal cases on the horizon, any tax settlement poten-
tially on the horizon, and also giving yourself some buffer. It's always part of that considera-
tion each year with the board of how we use the cash in the business.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. I think Lukas, you mentioned earlier £320 million of cash cost savings by 2030. Can
you just talk us through the self-help opportunities that the business has to deliver on those,
and the confidence that you have in delivering that?

Lukas Paravicini:
We have a lot of self-confidence on the self-help. I mean, you know, as I said before, the
transformation has 2 legs, which is the self-help and obviously the revenue growth that we
can generate by tapping more in technology and our talent pools by enabling them better. If I
start with the efficiency gains, again, we would split that in two areas larger, which is your
manufacturing footprint and manufacturing excellence. And again, we have announced the
closure of Langenhagen, which is one of our largest and most costly factories. We have just
announced the sale of our Taiwan factory. Both of them will be concluded by mid-next year.

That will generate a hundred million savings. That's very simple. It's quite an effective way,
but I think it would be false to just think that we can close factories and that's the efficiency
gains. Our factories, our strategic factories, there are quite a few still, they have an oppor-
tunity to really step up in their manufacturing excellence, yield management, OEE, labour effi-
ciency, et cetera. That alone, through our manufacturing excellence program with all the peo-
ple we have brought in to run this now properly, has generated or will generate £25 million of
savings in '26.

So that's on the manufacturing and, I think, there's quite a bit more self-help to
come. We're very confident in what we have guided. The other element is more the be-
yond manufacturing - what we can do there. And there is where, I think, we knew that if we
really want to accelerate the opportunity, we wanted a partner. And that partner is Capgemini
who has real good experience in terms of industry, also consumer, and has done this multiple
times. And, if you step back, if you look at the broader shared services, there's a varied ma-
turity level in terms of just transactional to the high-end, more consumer-centric shared ser-
vices where you would, say, large consumer companies. They have gone there in 20 years.
We are planning to go there in two years because we plan to go there in an end-to-end ap-
proach and design. That's a benefit of us being late to the party but now getting to a destina-
tion where others have taken much longer and we can work with someone who has done this
multiple times, and for whom we will become probably the fifth-largest customer.




                                                                                                  13
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                            Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


Damian McNeela:
Yeah. In terms if you just dig into that sort of Capgemini relationship, I think just under 400
people have moved from Imperial into Capgemini. What's the short to medium term outlook
for more people to do that? And then longer term, what is the opportunity from that relation-
ship with Capgemini?

Lukas Paravicini:
Again, I'm very excited. Just last week I was at the Capital Markets Day of Capgemini be-
cause Aiman Ezzat, the CEO of Capgemini, interviewed me. It's an interesting interview to see
what is actually the benefit of working with Capgemini, if somebody is interested. But for
us, Capgemini is the partner that allows us to do this at pace. You mentioned the 400 people.
We signed the contract in February. By two months later, we had 400 roles shifted into
Capgemini with a retention rate of 99%. Now that's a start. We'll give you updates whenever
we have updates. We also want to be clear we have to go through some process through that,
but you will see more coming in that. We have been very clear that Capgemini will continue to
help us in those functions.

Again, what I think is very interesting though is what we can do with Capgemini on the reve-
nue growth opportunities. If you think about their technology, the actual consumer insight,
which they have gained with other industries, if we can do in silico modelling, if we can do
digital twins that will shorten the innovation cycle, that will allow us to get to market
faster. That's a significant benefit.

We are piloting, actually we've rolled out the pilot now in full in all of Italy and also in France,
an artificial intelligence system that helps our salesforce to prepare better their visits. What
have we seen? We have seen a 10% to 15% time efficiency. By doing that with the artificial
intelligence agent that we have implemented, they gain time, but they also gain orders in the
sense that the artificial intelligence agent can help prepare the sales speech much better.
They can go into the customer conversation much better prepared. There are multiple oppor-
tunities there. We will be very focused on selected opportunities where we have the biggest
support of our strategy, the biggest impact, but that will be the equally interesting piece to
that relationship with Capgemini. The £320 million, which Capgemini is a big driver of that, is
the ticket to the game, which is part of what we have committed. The upside is hopefully an
equally interesting opportunity.

Damian McNeela:
Okay. It's very clear. And then as we move to the end of the meeting, capital allocation, I
think you touched on it before, Murray. Lots of conversations around investing in the business
for growth and obviously you've made the recent acquisition. But can you just provide the de-
gree of conviction that you've got in the business ability to deliver on the shareholder returns
that you've got in place, cost dividend and obviously the evergreen buyback?

                                                                                                   14
Imperial Brands - dB Access Consumer Conference                          Tuesday, 2nd June 2026


Murray McGowan:
We're clear that the share buyback's a great way of us delivering value to our sharehold-
ers, and we're very disciplined in the way we get to that figure with the Board described ear-
lier. I would observe, if we go back to 2021 when we had a previous Capital Markets Day,
since that time between share buyback and dividend, we've delivered around £11.5 billion to
our shareholders; that’s currently around 77% of our market capitalization at that time. As
we did the modelling for this five-year plan looking forward, we're very confident in the cash
generation of the business and our ability to sustain an evergreen share buyback through the
course of this plan. As I said before, we don't commit to future years as to what the figure is.
It will be a meaningful figure. It may not necessarily go up every year, but it'll be a very
meaningful part of our proposition for shareholders going forward.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. Okay. I'm under strict instructions from Mr. Crosse to get you out of here slightly ahead
of schedule.

Lukas Paravicini:
Yeah, we have a busy day.

Damian McNeela:
Yeah. I think with that, I'd just like to say thank you very much, Lukas and Murray for your
time. It's been very enlightening and thank you very much everybody for listening.

Lukas Paravicini:
Thank you very much. Thank you.



[END OF TRANSCRIPT]




                                                                                               15
