HY25 Results Script – 14 May 2025

Thérèse
Slide – Imperial Brands Half Year Results
Hello everyone. And welcome to our presentation this morning.

Slide – Introduction from Chair
I wanted to say a few words before handing over to Stefan and Lukas.

As you will have seen, we have announced today that Stefan has told the Board of
his intention to retire as CEO.

And we are also announcing that Lukas – whom you all know well – will be
succeeding Stefan as CEO on 1 October.

To ensure the smoothest possible transition, Stefan will remain on the plc Board until
the end of the calendar year.

And he will continue to be available to support us until May 2026.

We are also announcing that Murray McGowan, currently our Chief Strategy &
Development Officer, will step up to succeed Lukas as CFO.

Murray is here today – and he is looking forward to getting to know you all better.

I want to take this opportunity to express my deepest thanks to Stefan for his service
to this company.

Under Stefan’s leadership, Imperial Brands has delivered consistent growth and
outstanding returns for shareholders.

One of Stefan’s many great achievements was the way he comprehensively
refreshed our executive leadership, making strong hires from other consumer
businesses and nurturing internal talent.

As you heard at our capital markets event in March, this management team has had
a laser focus on consumer capabilities, agile ways of working and a performance
culture.

And this focus has driven both a successful turn-around in our tobacco business and
a strengthened platform in next generation products.

Today’s appointments follow a rigorous selection process and demonstrate our deep
management bench strength.




                                           1
Lukas has a strong track record in driving growth in consumer businesses and
delivering complex transformation programmes, having held senior roles at Fonterra
and Nestlé.

Similarly, Murray has diverse experience in both financial and operational leadership
roles for consumer businesses including Costa Coffee, Yum! Brands and Cadbury.

Over the past four years, Lukas and Murray have both played key roles in Imperial
Brands’ growing success.

As you will have observed at our CMD, they have also both been important
architects of our 2030 strategy.

Under their executive leadership, I am confident we will continue to deliver for
shareholders while moving purposefully towards our healthier future.

I'd also like to confirm that the Board has agreed that I continue to serve as Chair to
provide continuity while Lukas and Murray establish themselves in their new roles.

And now I would like to hand over to Stefan and Lukas for our usual half year results
presentation…




                                           2
Stefan
Slide – Imperial Brands Half Year Results
Thank you Thérèse – and thanks very much for your kind words.

And good morning, everyone… welcome to our results presentation today.

Thanks to all of you joining us here in person – it’s great to see you.

And, of course, a warm welcome to those viewing online.

Slide – Cautionary Statement
I would like to draw your attention to this cautionary statement…

before I introduce the team and outline our agenda.

Slide – Agenda

As usual, I’m joined by Lukas Paravicini, our CFO, and Peter Durman, Head of
Investor Relations.

I will start by highlighting some key points from today’s strong results.

Lukas will outline our financial performance and give our outlook for the current year.

I will then update you on how we are delivering operationally and continuing our
strategic transformation.

Finally, we look forward to taking your questions.

Slide – Half Year Delivery in Line With Guidance

This has been another six months of consistent delivery against our plan – and I am
pleased to confirm we are on track to deliver our full year guidance.

For the eighth half-year period in a row, we are showing progress against our
dashboard of key metrics.

Once again, there is a tick in every box.

I would highlight the 6 basis points of share gains in our top five markets – which is
ahead of our strategic objective of holding share.

It is particularly pleasing to be able to report a 65-basis point gain in Germany… our
first material share gain in this important market for well over a decade.

Turning to revenue, this is another period of strong top-line growth, up 3.2% - driven
by broad-based improvements in both tobacco and NGP.



                                            3
This is supporting growth in adjusted operating profit and – with the benefit of the
buyback – earnings per share are up 6%.

This is translating into strong growth in capital returns for shareholders.

Our dividend is up 4.5% on an underlying basis.

But, including the rephasing we previously announced, the interim dividend is up by
almost 79%.

And we are well on track with the buyback – which together with the dividend will
deliver cumulative returns to shareholders of £10 billion over five years.

Slide – Performing Well Within A Challenging Environment

We are pleased with this performance.

But, as you know by now, we are never complacent.

Since we announced our 2030 strategy at our CMD, the global economy has
become more uncertain.

However, I believe we are relatively well-placed to weather any future storms.

The structure of our supply chain helps to insulate us from the direct impact of tariffs.

For example, our US manufacturing is largely local.

Should we face a more generalised economic slowdown… our sector has proven
itself to be relatively resilient during times when consumers rein in their spending.

And there are features of Imperial Brands’ own business model which make us
especially well positioned.

In our priority markets, we offer comprehensive portfolios across the pricing ladder –
so we can meet our consumers wherever they choose to go.

We have a conservatively positioned balance sheet.

And, more generally, I think our investments in our capabilities, culture, and ways of
working have made us more agile than we were a few years ago.

This makes us better able to adapt to changing environments – and deliver
consistent outcomes… whatever the weather.


I will now hand over to Lukas to take you through the financial results and outlook in
more detail.



                                            4
Lukas

Slide – Financial Review and Outlook

Thanks, Stefan, and good morning, everyone.

Slide – Continued Strong Financial Delivery

As Stefan just said, this is a business now capable of delivering a consistent,
sustainable and improving performance – year in, year out.

The past six months has been a period of broad-based growth across all regions.

We delivered aggregate market share gains – while also maintaining robust tobacco
pricing.

And in NGP, it has been another period of revenue growth… as we build scale.

This operational success has supported growth in Group adjusted operating profit of
1.8 per cent… in line with our guidance.

We have delivered £2.4 billion of free cash flow on a 12-month basis.

Leverage at 2.4 times was higher than the full year for the usual seasonal reasons,
but it remains within our target range.

Overall, we’re on track to deliver against our plan for this fiscal year and meet our
capital allocation priorities.

Slide – Strong Tobacco Price Mix Across the Group

These results are another good illustration of the tobacco value model in action.

Strong pricing across our footprint – in orange – has more than offset volume
declines to deliver an acceleration in tobacco net revenue growth.

In Europe, our largest region, strong and broad-based pricing has significantly
outpaced volume declines.

In the US, price mix increased 10.1 per cent, driven by pricing, in both, our cigarette
and mass market cigar portfolios.

Volumes benefited from share gains in both cigarettes and cigars…

Wholesaler inventory movements ahead of price increases, are expected to unwind
in the second half.




                                           5
Slide – Growing Adjusted Operating Profit

Group tobacco and NGP operating profit growth was driven by all three regions, with
improved profitability in tobacco and lower losses in NGP.

In tobacco, the strong pricing has dropped through to higher profit.

In NGP, we reduced our losses by building scale in our existing footprint.

Overall tobacco and NGP operating profit grew 2%.

Logista was flat… as growth from tobacco price increases offset the performance in
long-distance transportation.

Slide – Delivering Continued Adjusted EPS Growth

Our adjusted EPS reflects our operating profit growth and the reduced share count
due to our ongoing buyback.

The small increase in tax reflects a slightly higher adjusted effective tax rate at 23.5
per cent.

This is in line with our full-year guidance.

Slide – On Track with FY25 Capital Allocation

Turning to cash and capital allocation…

Our operating cash conversion was 99 per cent on a 12-month basis reflecting our
continued focus on working capital.

Disciplined capital allocation remains a key part of how we create value.

Leverage at the half year improved year-on-year and we are on track to be around
the lower end of our target range at year-end.

We previously announced our decision to rephase our dividend payments into four
equal instalments… together with an underlying increase in dividend per share of
4.5%.

This means that shareholders will benefit from a one-time acceleration in dividend
cash payments this year.

We are now into our third consecutive year of share buybacks with a £1.25bn
programme – an increase of 14% on the prior year.

This will bring the total under the current strategy to £3.35bn.

As we said at the CMD, we are now committed to an evergreen, always-on share
buyback through the next five-year strategic period.

                                               6
Slide – Full Year Guidance Unchanged

We would like to confirm we remain committed to our previous full-year guidance
across all metrics.

This step-up will be underpinned by combustible pricing already taken in this first half
and improved operational gearing.

We continue to expect full-year constant currency tobacco revenue growth in the low
single digits...
...and double-digit NGP net revenue growth.

Constant currency adjusted operating profit,
... is expected to grow close to the middle of our mid-single-digit range –
that is similar to the growth rate last year.

At current rates, we expect foreign exchange to be a headwind:
* 2 to 2.5 per cent to net revenue and
* 3.5 to 4.5 per cent to operating profit and earnings per share.

As usual, there is a slide in the appendices with guidance on specific items.

And we expect at least high-single-digit EPS growth for the full-year… supported by
profit growth and the ongoing share buyback programme.

And I can re-assure you we remain committed to the medium-term guidance we set
out at our CMD in March.

This means we remain well placed to generate long-term value for shareholders.

Thank you.

I’ll now hand back to Stefan, who will provide an update on operational progress.




                                           7
Stefan

Slide – Strategic and Operational Update

Thank you, Lukas.

Slide – Preparing For the Next Phase of the Strategy

Today’s presentations are focused on our performance for the first six months of
FY25 and our expectations for the balance of the fiscal year.

But I want to reassure you that – in the background – we are also preparing for the
official start of our next five-year plan on 1 October.

During the past few weeks since we met in London, our focus has been on sharing
our thinking with our other important stakeholders.

Any business strategy can only succeed if it resonates with and inspires the people
of that business.

We have been spending a lot of time discussing our 2030 plans with our colleagues.

And next week Lukas and I will be with our senior leaders for two days exploring in
depth how we turn the high-level principles we described to you into detailed actions.

Last month, I also met with our 30 largest suppliers as we socialised our strategy
with them.

As a challenger business, we rely on long-term partnerships with third parties – and
we thrive when they do their best work with us.

Meanwhile Paola and the consumer team are continuing to refine their view of our
target consumers.

In future presentations, expect to hear a lot more about how we are serving those
“trust seekers” and “progressive achievers” you heard about in March!

Lukas, Murray, Alison and their teams are continuing the detailed work on how we
can further strengthen our culture and become more data-led… to help our people
become more agile challengers and drive sustainable growth.

In past presentations, you have heard me discuss the importance of our five
behaviours.

One of those behaviours is “build our future”.

This is about being able to simultaneously deliver short-term performance and plan
for the long term.

A few years ago, candidly our leaders lacked the bandwidth or structures to
effectively balance these competing pressures.
                                           8
By contrast, now – as you are seeing today and as you saw in March at our CMD –
we are able to deliver performance today while ensuring we can also perform
tomorrow.

Slide – Gaining Share in our Priority Markets

And with each six-month period, we are adding another solid layer to the foundations
we are building for the future.

In the first half we gained share in aggregate across our five largest markets.

That means, cumulatively, since 2021, we have delivered more than 50 basis points
of share gains.

As a reminder, these five markets generate over 70% of our Group operating profit.

And as a management team we focus a similar proportion of time and energy to
driving performance in these markets… while also nurturing their long-term health.

These markets are managed as a portfolio… and it is not our target to gain share in
all markets in each period.

Our ultimate goal is to balance share, pricing and long-term brand-building to build
sustainable value.

And in any period, we may make deliberate decisions in individual markets, which
lead to us sacrificing share.

During the first half, we gained share in the US, Germany and Australia and lost
share in UK and Spain…

Let’s now look in more detail at our performance in the US.

Slide – US: Delivering Revenue and Profit Growth

Our cigarette and mass market cigar portfolios demonstrated another six months of
strong performance.

In cigarettes, we continued to gain share of the overall market.

This is against the backdrop of elevated volume declines, which were impacted by
illicit vapes and continued pressure on consumer wallets.

As you heard from Lukas, strong price/mix has more than offset volume declines
leading to tobacco overall net revenue growth of close to 5 percent.

Our balanced portfolio of cigarette brands across the price points has served us well
in this context.


                                           9
In the premium segment, Winston gained share driven by brand extensions, offset by
Kool which was impacted by competitor pressure.

Our strong portfolio of discount brands continued to drive share and revenue growth.

Crowns has been a strong performer, benefiting from greater consumer focus and
increased store roll-out.

Turning to cigars, after a period of instability following Covid, the category declines
have normalised to around 4% in the first half.

Performance was led by share gains with our premium Backwoods brand.

We have continued to innovate with new flavour launches and brand extensions
which has driven consumer engagement.


Slide – Priority Markets: Managing Share and Value

Our other four priority markets have continued to deliver well.

In Germany we started to see an improving share trajectory last year after a decade
of share declines…and this has continued in the first half.

You will have heard Aleš at our Capital Markets Day describe our patient
investments in that market.

These include the expansion of our sales force and building brands which are more
carefully targeted at our consumers.

And it is pleasing to see that these long-term efforts are now paying off.


In the UK and Spain, we have seen some share losses having taken deliberate
pricing action.

This was a strategic choice to ensure we are meeting our overall share objectives
and continuing to create value for our shareholders.

Australia continues to be a challenging market from a volume perspective driven by
high excise and illicit products.

Despite this, our team has been successful in delivering small share gains and
managing the market to optimise value.

Slide – Vapour: Building a Trusted Brand with blu

Turning now to NGP… in the first half, we continued to see share growth and
revenue growth across all categories.


                                           10
In vapour, we focus our investments in Europe and we are growing share across the
major markets in this region.

The disciplined, focused approach you saw Paola and her team describe at our CMD
is serving us well.

As they explained, the blu brand is highly focused on a type of consumer we call the
“progressive achievers”.

They are seeking authentic flavours, well-designed products and a trusted name…

And this is exactly what we offer.

Step by step, we are building a more distinctive, differentiated brand.

And this means we are well placed to continue growing sustainably – however this
market develops over time.


Slide – Oral Nicotine: Brands Meeting Distinctive Needs

Turning to modern oral…

Now, I know that at our CMD many of you were very interested in this category.

And we too are excited about the long-term opportunities in this space both in the US
and Europe.

In these results, we have grown share and revenue across both regions.

It has now been a year since we launched zone in the US… and I have been
pleased with our progress so far.

As we explained previously, this is a differentiated product, with a more moist mouth
feel than many other products on the market.

Over the past 12 months, we rolled out the brand with focus and discipline

And now we are scaling up with greater distribution, growing revenues and improving
margins.

At the half year, we had over 5% share within our footprint… a significant
achievement in such a short period of time.

In Europe, our focus is on meeting consumer preferences with the European variant
of zone and Skruf, a great brand with deep Nordic heritage.

We have launched a new pouch format for zone in Sweden and new flavour variants
of Skruf in Norway…

These innovations have helped drive overall revenue and share growth..
                                          11
Slide – Heated Tobacco: Consumer-led Innovation

In heated tobacco, we are consolidating market launches throughout FY23 and
FY24, by carving out a subset of consumers within the category – the so-called “trust
seekers”.

We expanded our product offering for Pulze 2.0 with iSenzia flavoured herbal sticks
in Europe.

Our heated portfolio has proved popular with consumers in Italy, reaching a market
share of 3.3 per cent in the first half.

And, as we announced at the Capital Markets Day, we are upgrading our heated
tobacco device and plan to launch Pulze 3.0 in the second half of the year.

This is a further demonstration of our improved approach to innovation and faster
speed to market.

Slide – Delivering the Final Year of the Current Plan

Looking to the full year, we are on track to deliver our guidance across combustibles
and NGP.

In combustibles, our goal will be to maintain share in our priority markets.

In NGP, we will continue to drive double digit net revenue growth.

By staying focused on operational delivery, we will continue to drive growth in our
key financial metrics – and returns to shareholders.

Slide – Foundations in Place for the Next Five-Year Plan

Imperial Brands is, of course, much more than just a six-month story.

We have now built the foundations to continue to deliver value to shareholders over
the long term.

We now have a stronger combustible business, with better brands, better data, and a
better understanding of our consumers.

In NGP, we have competitive products across all categories - and we are building
scale and margins.

Our focused approach to getting close to our consumers and building differentiated
brands is working well.

And there are great opportunities to invest in our people, technology, processes and
data to drive even greater efficiency.


                                           12
Slide – Reinforcing an Attractive Investment Case

All of this is brought together in a clear plan to create value… and generate another
five years of growing shareholder returns.

Since we held our Capital Markets Day, the global economic outlook has become
more uncertain.

However, we remain confident that the building blocks of our five-year plan are
robust – and we expect to deliver against our next five-year medium-term guidance.

This is underpinned by our operating model… which starts with operational delivery
for our consumers, which translates into financial delivery… particularly cash.

This reinforces our confidence in our progressive dividend and evergreen buyback,
which will drive growing capital returns for shareholders.

All-in-all, I am confident this represents an attractive investment case for both
existing and potential new investors.

Thank you, and I will now hand over to Peter to take us through the Q&A.

Slide – Q&A

Peter Durman: Great. Thanks very much, Stefan. So, we'd now like to take your
questions. As usual, we'll take questions from the room first, and then we'll take
questions from those who've joined by telephone. If you wish to ask a question via
the telephone, you'll need to register to receive the dial-in details. And you can do
this by clicking on "Phone details" on the menu at the top right-hand of the webcast
window. The link to register is also available in today's press release. If you'd like to
ask a question on the telephone, please press star and one-one on your keypad.
That's star one-one on your keypad to ask a question. So, we'd now like to take the
first question from the room. Please wait for the microphone, and please state your
name and organisation, before posing your question. Thanks very much.

Rashad Kawan (Morgan Stanley): Hey, guys. Rashad Kawan, Morgan Stanley.
Thank you very much.

Stefan, congrats on a fantastic track record. Wishing you all the best for the future. I
guess the first question for Lukas, as you kind of think through the next five years.
Obviously, you've been core to implementing this new strategy that you guys
announced at the CMD. Should we read into that, that we shouldn't expect much
change from here to that strategy going forward, including the capital allocation
framework that you talked about earlier today?

And then second question, just on tobacco volumes, declines were just north of 3%,
4% last year. It feels like you are kind of getting to a more normalised level. Is that
how you guys think about it? And even if you have one or two markets that are more
elevated like the US, the portfolio should be enough to kind of keep you within that
under normal conditions.

                                            13
Lukas Paravicini: So, thank you very much. And yes, I am tremendously excited
with the opportunity to actually continue to forge a healthier path for our future for
Imperial and with it unlock further value for shareholders. And absolutely, you should
see this as a continuity of what we have been doing the last five years, what we have
reinforced at the CMD.

The purpose, the vision of being a challenger, our behaviours are at the heart of
what we have done and will continue to be at the heart of what we are doing going
forward. The strategy, which you have just seen at the CMD, has been crafted not
just by Stefan, Murray and myself, but the whole ELT. And we stand behind that as a
team. And we will make sure that we implement that as we have presented it.
And listen, I will not forget where I come from. And so, the capital allocation is close
to my heart and has worked well in the past. And so, you could expect that that will
also continue as we have, again, said at the CMD. So, absolutely, it is about
continuity.

Stefan Bomhard: Let me – absolutely, give Lukas a break. Yeah, on the second –
on your question, volume outlook, I think you're absolutely right picking this up. What
you can see in these half-year's results is kind of returning back to where we came
from.

And I think that's very reassuring because I think logically, there is always a lot of
attention on the markets, whether that's UK, Australia and so on, where you see
elevated level of volume market size declines. But you can see in these half-year
results the effect of two very attractive markets, fundamentally from an affordability
perspective, with the US and Germany playing an important role. And we shouldn't
forget Spain is also a market where relatively high – good level of affordability drives
relatively attractive returns of market size decline.

So, look, I can't tell you what the market size declines will look like in the next five
years, but I think you can take comfort with the market footprint that Imperial has. We
looked very hard at that in the context of the next five years. Murray played an
important role to look at that. And you can see in these half-year results the data
point that validates that.

Peter Durman: Next question, front row, please. Faham in the front row. Thank you.

Faham Baig (UBS): Thank you. Good morning, guys. Two questions from my side
as well.

I want to start off with the US, please. Pretty impressive top-line performance, almost
6% top-line growth. But I noticed operating profit growth was slightly lower at 1%.

Could you maybe share some of the dynamics between top and bottom line?
Particularly interested in understanding the growth of brands such as Crowns and
deep discount and how profitable that growth and share gains are.

And the second question is on NGPs. You highlighted some additional rollouts, both
in vapour and heated tobacco. And, of course, you'll want to continue to press on
with Zone. I just want to understand how some of these innovations and hopefully an
                                           14
acceleration in top-line growth marry with the improved NGP losses that you've
highlighted and whether actually, it could be an opportunity to invest that extra dollar
as we see at other organisations, they pay back very quickly.

Stefan Bomhard: Okay. Lukas, you take the first and I'll take your second question.

Lukas Paravicini: So, indeed, we are very excited with the performance overall in
the US and, again, especially also in the context of the US and against our
competitors. That's not just limited to the revenue. It's also on the market share
growth.

And, again, US is one of the countries where we – it's an affordable market, which is
great. But it's also a market where we have an offer at all price points. To your point,
we do have an offer at the deep discount. That is doing well, even though there is
increased competition coming in, and we expected that, but we continue to do well.
But we also continue to do well at the level of Winston, for example, which is very
helpful. So, very pleasing to see that.

You're right, the margins might be shifting slightly this year because we also have
phasing, we have quite a bit of investment, especially in NGP in this first half. But we
remain very confident over the full year with the results of the US. And remember,
we went from 30,000 to 40,000 to now 70,000 stores in NGP in Zone. There is quite
a bit of investment going in there now. So, that's really the issue here.

Stefan Bomhard: From which is the nice bridge to your second part, confidence
level investments in NGP. I think you should look at the first half year as another
+15% growth and market share gains across all three categories, which is exactly
the glide path we want to be on. Yeah, and it is, as we said at the Capital Markets
Day, the ambitions of the next five years, starting 1 October, is to gain scale.
We have now attractive offers for our consumers, yeah, in these three categories.
We have the right footprint of markets. And I think what you see in these results, top-
line growth, double-digit top-line growth, double-digit improvement in the bottom line.

So, as we gain scale, you will slowly see that also filtering its way through into better
cost of goods as we gain scale. Look, we're also learning with – I talked about the
partners. I mean, spending time with our 30 top suppliers, where there's a
meaningful number from them who are our NGP suppliers. They're excited to work
with us. At the same time, trust me, I was with the procurement team. They also say,
okay, what price are you going to give us for these ones?

So, the big story here is that if you look at these half-year results, you can see how
the pieces are coming together. Now, I also will tell you, there will always be hiccups
the next five years. The NGP business is a highly volatile business. But I think what
you can now see, another half-year of track record of delivering on the strategy.
Yeah.

Peter Durman: Let's take a question there from Damian.

Damian McNeela (Deutsche Bank): Morning. Damian McNeela from Deutsche
Bank. Two from me, please.

                                           15
First one is on Germany, and I think congratulations on finally delivering a
meaningful improvement in share there. And I appreciate that the sort of tobacco
business is measured or managed on a sort of portfolio basis. But given ten years of
share losses, and how much the organisation has improved, how should we think
about share gains in Germany going forwards?

Stefan Bomhard: Yeah, Damian, I was waiting for that question because after a
decade of market share losses, gaining 65 share points, basis points, is logically
something that excites us. Yeah. Same time, we always said we'd play a portfolio. I
think what's great for us, this was the one country in the last five years that every
single half-year tracked the other numbers down. Yeah.

I think what's exciting to see is that Germany is our second-largest market, and as
you will know, a very attractive market in our portfolio. It finally can actually grow
market share. Same time, I, look, while Lukas and me will push our German team to
do the best, at the same time, we're always realistic.

It's a highly – it's not just an attractive market for Imperial. It's also a highly attractive
market for our competitors. So, look, one thing we shall not return to being the
number one share donor in Germany, that we've been a long period of time.

But I don't want to promise you there will be share gains all the way along. Because
again, we're managed as a portfolio. What is the commitment we've made at the
Capital Markets Day is that we will hold our share at minimum in the top five markets
as an aggregate position.

Damian McNeela: My second question is on US illicit. I'm just wondering whether
you've seen any improvement in the environment in that marketplace, given what's
been going on with Trump and tariffs in China.

Stefan Bomhard: Sure. Like you, we're easily watching all those things happening
there, but you know us as a management team. Number one, we're very prudent in
what we forecast. Number two, we look at the facts, not the factoids.

The reality is, ultimately, you can only see where in US states like Louisiana where
the government has come down hard on these illicit players, you can see an
improvement in the market dynamics for the legal players like ourselves.

But at the same time, look, we take it as it comes. It's not – we've a prudent
approach. We're not relying on a meaningful improvement. If that happens, it would
be great. We're happy to take it. At this point in time, we're not really yet seeing,
apart from the places where government has put some very specific steps into place,
a meaningful change out there. But if it comes, wonderful. We're happy to take it, but
we don't need it to deliver our back half and beyond.

Peter Durman: I'll go to Richard Felton, just the row behind.

Richard Felton (Goldman Sachs): Great. Thank you very much. Richard Felton
from Goldman Sachs. Two questions for me, please.


                                              16
First one, on the strong US pricing in H1, could you maybe add a bit more colour on
how mix was impacting that? Because I imagine you've got some headwinds on mix
from the discount segment doing well, maybe some tailwinds from cigars doing
slightly better. So just a little bit more colour on the mix component in US pricing.

And then the second question is on Zone in the US. I appreciate that Nielsen data is
far from perfect, but at least the data we can see suggests that the momentum has
plateaued a little bit year-to-date. It's interesting to hear any thoughts on your
strategy for Zone into the second half of the year in context of the competitive
environment, which I suppose has also shifted slightly. Thank you.

Lukas Paravicini: Thank you very much. Yeah, on the pricing in general, both areas
had very strong pricing. That's a starting point from MMC and FMC.

And mix is actually not as impactful, especially not in MMC. There's a little bit of mix
to your point of FMC, but it's actually quite negligible, so it's not that important in that
sense. So, it is driven by pricing, not by mix. And there's a bit of mix in the FMC, not
in the MMC.

Stefan Bomhard: And on your question on Zone, as I said earlier, we're really
pleased with the performance. We shouldn't forget we started with zero share a year
ago. And to be able to gain traction in our market footprint to reach a five-share in
such a short period of time against very well-established competitors is something
that we're really pleased with.

It shows that challenger mindset we've always talked about, better consumer
understanding, really identifying who our core consumers are, having a differentiated
product, but also a differentiated brand has really served us well. I wouldn't read too
much into the short-term share movements because we're playing the longer game
here.

Look, it's very clear. The success that we have enjoyed with Zone, and this very
differentiated product would lead to a competitive reaction at one point in time. To a
certain extent, we were surprised how long it took the competitors to come out with a
competitive reaction. We feel very good about the offer we have to our consumers.
We continue to expand. We continue to invest into it. And I think that's why we've
continued to gain market share.

Will competitors react to it? Will there be new offers in the marketplace? Will there be
promotional pricing from some of our competitors as they introduce new products in
the market? Absolutely, but it's something we're not worried about.

Peter Durman: A question there from Gaurav.

Gaurav Jain (Barclays): Hi, good morning. Gaurav Jain from Barclays. So,
congratulations, Stefan, Lukas, on all the changes. Congratulations, Murray as well.
So, you know, the stock is down 7% as we are talking, and I think we have seen now
two departures. And both of you are retiring at an age which people will not
essentially associate with retirement.


                                             17
So, I think what people are wondering is that Imperial had a fantastic run over the
last five years. So, is it that you are leaving at a high, and there could be some risk
down the road, as we look out?

Stefan Bomhard: Sure. Gaurav, let me answer that question, yeah. I mean, number
one, to be clear, we love Peter, but if you look through the lens of the executive
team, look, it's a very, and it can be very personal with you, and you may know each
other.

People look at me as the CEO of Imperial for a five-year period, but you will know
well, that's not how Stefan looks at this. This is my 11th year as a CEO having been
the CEO of Inchcape before. So clearly, after 11 years, I – for me, when we did the
Capital Markets Day and you saw all, many of you were there, present the team at
the Capital Markets Day, and as I said at that point in time, business is a team sport.
And I really felt the team showed up in a great way.

And I really felt we have a strategy that is now clearly the compass for the business
for the next five years. That logically came to the point where I was reflecting on
whether I wanted to do the same job for another five years and make it 16 years as a
CEO. And I think also logically there's a reflection on things in life, and if you're a
CEO, that is a full-time job. That's a 24/7, and there are many things that you can't
do as a CEO that you might do as another exec.

So, with my family, I had this inflection point after Capital Markets Day. And with
Lukas and Murray, with two people who are absolutely committed to know this
business inside and out and in discussion with the Board of Directors, I then started
that discussion. I think that has culminated in what, I think, is very much a continuity
of the business.

So, apologies, but at one point in time, I have to look after Stefan and Stefan and the
family as well, and I felt after five years of transformation at Imperial and in my 11th
year of being a CEO, I think I'd earned the right to retire. Thank you.

Gaurav Jain: So, the second question is on just the FX impact. It's a bit more than
historically used to be the case –

Stefan Bomhard: That's one for Lukas now.

Gaurav Jain: – for Imperial on the transaction side. So yes, the – on the revenue
side it's a 2.5% impact, which I think everybody had in their models, but on the EBIT
side it is much more. So, what has changed at Imperial that the transaction impact is
much more than historically was the case?

Lukas Paravicini: So, let's just, for the sake of good order, it's we talk about
translation on transaction because it's naturally hedged on the transactional
elements of FX. On the translation, you're right, we indicated a 3.5-4.5% on the
operating profit and the earnings, and it is probably useful to just highlight in your
pack of the appendices you'll have a slide with the details of what is exactly the FX
rate that we have taken. And you know, there is quite a volatile situation out there,
not necessarily induced by ourselves.

                                           18
And so, we took the exchange rate last Friday, which is sort of the last data point we
can take to get it all through the documentation and present it to you in an orderly
way. And you know, we took it at that moment of volatility. Nothing has really
changed in the underlying mix or composition.

It is also probably useful to highlight that the rather large range is due to the probably
the 3.5% is more to the operating profit side and the 4.5% is more when you
consider the below the operating profit items that will extend it to 4.5%. That's why
the range is. But nothing really has changed in the underlying composition. It's just
the volatility of the market.

Gaurav Jain: Thank you. And one last question on the synthetic nicotine market. So,
you know, clearly you are, you know, you have Zone in the US which is synthetic
nicotine. Any thoughts about entering the synthetic nicotine e-cigarette market in the
US as well?

Stefan Bomhard: I mean, at this point in time, we will always evaluate all options.
As you know, we are still like most of the industry, waiting for our PMTA application
to be fully assessed on our current offer. And that is where the attention is at this
point in time.

Gaurav Jain: Great. Thank you.

Peter Durman: Any more questions in the room? We don't have any questions
online actually currently. So, if there are no more questions, then I'll hand over to
Stefan to close. Thank you.

Stefan Bomhard: Look, it's hopefully what you have a sense after today's result
presentation about it's another half-year of delivery from the business when you look
at the key indicators, and I highlight the one we talked about it is Germany having
finally turned market share in the right direction is probably for all of us one of the
key highlights. But also, you can see the NGP business with 15% growth and market
share growth across all the categories, gives you some confidence about that our
challenger mindset really works. But also, hopefully, you take away and have some
memory about when we talked at the Capital Markets Day only in March about this is
the bigger picture continues to be a very attractive opportunity for investors to come
into.

We have a stronger tobacco business as a company, where we were five years ago.
We have now a differentiated and competitive NGP business, and I think as you
touched upon the capital allocation strategy, I think is a differentiating feature in the
way, and you heard from Lukas that isn't going to change in the next five years.
Yeah. And hopefully, at especially the Capital Markets Day you saw the level of
talent we have in the organisation, not just at the ELT, but also when you were
downstairs at the next level of management. We only showed you the marketing
team, but trust me, it's the same across the function.

So, with this comment on team in mind, I feel really this is the right time to pass the
baton to Lukas and to Murray. Look, the baton doesn't get passed now to be clear,
as Thérèse also reminds me, the baton gets passed at the end of September. So,
look, I'm absolutely with Lukas and the team absolutely accounted to deliver for this
                                           19
fiscal year. But I really feel the business is in the right shape to take it over for the
next five years and the right team is in place to take it to that full potential in the next
five years.

So, and hopefully, we'll have the time to see all of you in the upcoming roadshows
and other opportunities.

Thank you.

[END OF TRANSCRIPT]




                                             20
