      Contents
 2    Corporate Information

 4    Chairman’s Statement

 8    Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 15   Profile of Directors and Senior Management

 22   Corporate Governance Report

 32   Report of the Directors

 49   Independent Auditor’s Report

 54   Consolidated Balance Sheet

 56   Consolidated Income Statement

 57   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 58   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 60   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 62   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

162   Financial Summary




                  XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020   1
Corporate Information


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                       LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (Chairman) ø~                     Squire Patton Boggs
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (Vice Chairman)                        29th Floor, Edingburgh Tower
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M , J.P.        The Landmark
(Chief Executive Officer) <ø                              15 Queen’s Road Central
Mr. LEE Shing Kan                                         Central
                                                          Hong Kong
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. LI Ching Wai                                          AUDITOR
Mr. SZE Nang Sze
                                                          PricewaterhouseCoopers, Certified Public Accountants and
Mr. LI Ching Leung                                          Registered PIE Auditor
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                            22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
                                                          Central, Hong Kong
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. *+ <                            PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel # <ø
                                                          Bank of China (Hong Kong)
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. # <ø
                                                          Bank of East Asia
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John #
                                                          Citibank, N.A.
Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David #
                                                          China Construction Bank
*        Chairman of audit committee                      Credit Industriel et Commercial (Hong Kong Branch)
#        Members of audit committee                       DBS Bank
+        Chairman of remuneration committee               Hang Seng Bank

ø        Members of remuneration committee                HSBC
                                                          Hua Nan Commercial Bank (Macau Branch)
~        Chairman of nomination committee
                                                          Huaxia Bank
<        Members of nomination committee
                                                          Industrial Bank
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER &                                 Korean Development Bank Asia
COMPANY SECRETARY                                         Malayan Banking Berhad
                                                          Mizuho Bank
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, FCPA, AICPA
                                                          MUFG Bank
REGISTERED OFFICE                                         Nanyang Commercial Bank
                                                          Shinhan Bank
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                          Standard Chartered Bank
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108                       Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Cayman Islands                                            Taipei Fubon Commercial Bank
                                                          United Overseas Bank
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                                          Bank of China
IN HONG KONG
                                                          Bank of Communications
Unit 2101-2108, 21st Floor                                Ping An Bank
Rykadan Capital Tower                                     China Citic Bank
135 Hoi Bun Road                                          Huishang Bank
Kwun Tong, Kowloon                                        Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Hong Kong                                                 Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
                                                          State Bank of India (Hong Kong Branch)
2     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND                          KEY DATES
TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited               determining the entitlements to attend and vote
Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre                    at the Annual General Meeting: From Tuesday,
183 Queen’s Road East                                           25 May 2021 to Friday, 28 May 2021 (both days inclusive)
Hong Kong                                                     Date of Annual General Meeting: Friday, 28 May 2021
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND                                   determining the entitlements to the final dividend:
TRANSFER OFFICE                                                 From Thursday, 3 June 2021 to Monday, 7 June 2021
                                                                (both days inclusive)
Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
                                                              Proposed final dividend payable date:
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                                On or about Tuesday, 6 July 2021
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
Cayman Islands


WEBSITE

http://www.xinyiglass.com


SHARE INFORMATION

Place of listing: Main Board of The Stock Exchange
  of Hong Kong Limited
Stock code: 00868
Listing date: 3 February 2005
Board lot: 2,000 ordinary shares
Financial year end: 31 December
Share price as at the date of this annual report: HK$23.70
Market capitalisation as at the date of this annual report:
  Approximately HK$95.7 billion




                                                                   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020       3
Chairman’s Statement


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for
the financial year ended 31 December 2020.

In comparison with 2019, the Group’s turnover increased by about 14.5% to HK$18,615.9 million in 2020. The net profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company from the continuing operation increased significantly by about 43.4% to
HK$6,422.2 million in 2020. Basic earnings per share (the “Share”) was 159.5 HK cents, as compared with 111.8 HK cents last
year.

We are pleased with the results achieved by the Group in 2020 and propose payment of a final dividend of 62.0 HK cents
per Share upon approval by the shareholders (the “Shareholders”) at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “Annual
General Meeting”).

I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2020 and key development highlights for the coming year.


BUSINESS REVIEW

China’s glass industry is poised for a strong rebound in the post COVID-19 period, underpinned by
supply-side reform, environmental, economic and monetary policies, the Sino-US trade dispute and
fluctuation of the Renminbi
Since the middle of 2020, China’s economy has shown a rebound following the COVID-19 pandemic. The Group’s operations
in the automobile glass, architectural glass and the float glass segments encountered challenges of different degrees and more
importantly, emerging opportunities. In spite of the challenges, the Group managed to achieve remarkable operating results
because of its stringent control over production costs, provision of more value-added and structure upgraded glass products,
refinement in the product mix of float glass, addition of new float glass production capacities in Beihai and Zhangjiagang,
rationalisations of the production logistics and adoption of effective marketing strategy for the architectural glass and
automobile glass divisions. The appreciation of Renminbi also creates a favourables environment for the business growth of the
Group.

The New property projects and the increasing sales volume of glass products posted a stable growth during the year, while
completion of construction projects slowed down slightly during the year due to the adverse impact of the COVID-19’ pandemic.
Most building projects have already resumed operations after lockdown-induced those halted in the first quarter of the year.
This positive development boosted the demand for construction energy-saving Low-E glass since the second quarter of the year.
As a result, the Group has maintained a reasonable growth in sales of the architectural glass segment which is supported by
aggressive marketing strategy and a wide range of value-added and advanced structured glass products.

China’s float glass sector has experienced a strong demand which is reflected in the significant rebound of the average selling
prices following the COVID-19 pandemic. The strong market rebound from May has compensated the slowdown in the first
quarter of the year. The Group started supplying ultra-clear float glass for use as back glass in solar panels in response to the
strong market demand since the fourth quarter of 2020.




4       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
To achieve a moderate sales growth amid the adverse impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic and the additional import tariff
imposed by the US government, the Group has launched proactive and flexible marketing and production strategies for
its automobile glass business. The Group’s sales team keeps on constant communications with the overseas customers via
video and audio conferencing around-the-clock for new business opportunities in the areas of new product development for
applications on advanced driver assistance systems (“ADAS”), head-up display (“HUD”), sound proofing, low-e coating, sunroof
and value-added parts which are suitable for new and existing car models.

The Group also liaises with new domestic and overseas customers for the purpose of strengthening the business relationship
with the existing customers and exploring new business opportunities with new customers, so as to increase the sales volumes.
The Group’s automobile glass products are currently being sold to customers in more than 130 countries and territories.

As one of the major players in the global glass industry, the Group has secured its market-leading position and enhanced its
economies of scale through strategic expansion of its production capacities across different product segments that incorporate
streamlined and the state of the art production process at different locations both in China and overseas. The Group has also
acquired additional float glass production facilities in China for the purpose of increasing the production capacity under the
national supply-side reform policy during the year.

The Group has also implemented a series of measures, aimed at enhancing the cost controls on the supply and consumption of
raw materials, recycling of principal raw materials, re-engineering of the production process to boost the production efficiency
and employing the distributed solar power system and the low-temperature recycling residual heat system to generate electricity
for internal consumption.

The appreciation of Renminbi has improved the Group’s revenue growth when Renminbi sales were converted to our reporting
currency of the HK dollar during the second half of the year.


Improved productivity, technology and economies of scale to enhance production efficiency and
new product development by additional investments in research and development (“R&D”)
The Group’s continuous investments in research and development in production engineering, information technology, big data
analyses and operational management, along with the continuous improvements in the production process, automation and
well-planned equipment maintenance programs, have enhanced its productivity and the yield rate, thus reducing the overall
labour, production and energy costs during the year.

The Group’s engineering and design division has designed the latest world-class and larger capacity float glass production lines
in China and overseas. The economies of scale have enabled the generation of significant cost savings in the procurement and
production process and they also facilitated the increased efficiency in use of fuel and principal raw materials. To further control
the energy costs, the Group increasingly uses the clean environment-friendly energy by employing the rooftop distributed solar
power generation system and the low-temperature recycling residual heat system to support the electricity consumption.

In addition, the use of natural gas as fuel for the production of high-quality float glass can reduce carbon emissions for a better
air quality environment, improve float glass quality and enhance the Group’s energy cost structure.

The R&D team of the Group continuous to develop new glass products to capture new market opportunities.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020       5
Chairman’s Statement


Expansion of the high value-added product mix and the global coverage which enhances the overall
competitiveness
During the year, the consolidated revenue generated from the Group’s automobile glass, architectural glass and high-
quality float glass businesses has performed remarkably as compared with the peers in spite of the COVID-19 pandemic. This
remarkable performance has shown that the Group’s combination of its diversified business segments, global market coverage,
upgraded product structure and its expanded high value-added product mix are all important to alleviate the operational
pressures and the risks in any specific business segment or country despite an uncertain and competitive market environment.


BUSINESS OUTLOOK

The Group will continue to adopt and enhance flexible strategies in the production, logistics and marketing strategies amid the
increasing extent of automation and upgrading by adopting the advanced technologies at its production facilities to maintain its
leadership and competitive position at the forefront of the global glass manufacturing industry.

The PRC government has continued its tightened supply-side reform policy on the establishment of new float glass production
lines, acquisition of existing idle capacity and phase-out the obsolete and the non-compliant float glass production lines because
of stricter environmental standards on air emissions. The Group is embarking on prudent and flexible strategies in response to
the current situation in the float glass market in China and in global markets.

The Group expects that the prices for the low soda ash will continue to be maintained, as compared to 2020 levels, due to the
sufficient supply in China. Energy costs may also be higher than 2020 levels as China’s economy has substantially recovered
from COVID-19’s adverse impacts. Thus, the Group is cautiously optimistic on prospects for the float glass market, as well as on
the average selling price trend in 2021.

As the supply of COVID-19 vaccines and rate of vaccinations gather pace across the world in the first quarter of 2021, the Group
expects gradual recovery of the global economy which will also be accompanied by improved global demand for glass products.

The Group has been operating its first silica sand mine and processing factory in Beihai, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region
since the end of 2020. It represents that the Group will be able to achieve a higher integration of glass production flow and
better control of major raw material costs and quality. The Group will continue exploring more opportunities on new sources of
raw materials in the future.

The Sino-US trade dispute has had an adverse impact on the additional import tariff pressures on both the US aftermarket
automobile glass customers and our Company, and this impact may persist until the completion of the Sino-US trade
negotiations.

It is expected that the China’s government would launch additional proactive economic and monetary policies to stimulate the
internal economic consumption cycle in 2021 and encourage more construction activities after the COVID-19 pandemic. This
will represent a significant increase in the demand for the float glass and architectural glass businesses.

The Directors are also optimistic on the prospects for the sustained healthy performance of its automobile glass aftermarket
business in the global markets, as well as on the upbeat prospects of increased sales in the energy-saving and single and double
insulated Low-E glass segments in the future.




6     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
After years of expanding its production facilities in major economic zones in China and Southeast Asia, the Group is exploring
acquisitions and new expansion opportunities in China and overseas which can provide attractive and larger markets, lower raw
material costs, better production and energy cost and more favourable tax treatments and other incentives.

The first phase of the production facilities in Beihai, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and Zhangjiagang, Jiangsu Province
has commenced full operations in the second half of 2020. It will strengthen the Group’s market coverage in Eastern and
Western China. The second phase in both the Beihai production complex and the Yingkou production complex are due to be
built in 2021.

The Group will continue ensuring that adequate resources are to be allocated to the research and development, enhancement of
the product quality and introduction of the new products, as well as for exploring new markets, boosting production efficiency
and for conducting staff training in order to maintain its competitiveness and, ultimately, boost its profitability.


CONCLUSION

The Group continues to tackle and overcome challenges of different degrees amidst changes in the global markets and the
adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic by bolstering its efficiency and increasing its profitability through more effective
management across its information technology, logistics, operational and marketing activities, as well as the expansion of its
business and continued collaboration with its customers and suppliers. The Directors believe that these approaches enable the
Group to maximise the benefits from both the domestic emerging market and overseas business opportunities, and they are also
cautiously optimistic on the Group’s long-term business development prospects.

The Group will also continue to adopt the proven business strategies to sustain and strengthen the growth with new business
concepts. To maintain its industry-leading position, the Group is also exploring the increase in the business presence in the
global glass markets across a wider spectrum of industries, applications and products as well as in other opportunities that can
be mutually beneficial for business partnerships.




Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman


1 March 2021




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020   7
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


INTRODUCTION

The Group is engaged in the production and sales of a wide range of glass products, including automobile glass, energy-saving
architectural glass, high-quality float glass and other glass products for different commercial and industrial applications. These
glass products are manufactured at production facilities which are strategically located in the PRC and the Malaysia. In the PRC,
the Group’s facilities are established in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Jiangmen in Guangdong Province, Wuhu in Anhui Province,
Tianjin, Yingkou in Liaoning Province, Deyang in Sichuan Province, Zhangjiagang in Jiangsu Province and Beihai in Guangxi
Zhuang Autonomous Region. In Malaysia, the Group operates a production facility in Malacca. In addition to glass product, the
Group also produces rubber and plastic components for automobiles.

The Group’s customers are in over 140 countries and territories, including the PRC, Hong Kong, the United States, Canada,
Australia, New Zealand and other countries in Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa and the Americas. The Group’s customers
include companies engaged in the businesses of automobile glass manufacturing, wholesale and distribution, automobile
repair, motor vehicle manufacturing, curtain wall engineering and installation, architectural and furniture glass manufacturing,
electronic and household appliance manufacturing and float glass wholesale and distribution.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group continues to maintain its leading position in the global glass industry in 2020 by tapping the strong demand for high-
quality float glass in the PRC market from the mid of 2020 and automobile glass in the global markets. In 2020, the revenue
and the net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company amounted to HK$18,615.9 million and HK$6,422.2 million,
respectively, representing an increase of 14.5% and 43.4%, as compared with HK$16,258.5 million and HK$4,477.8 million,
respectively, in 2019. The compound annual growth rate of the Group’s sales during the five-year period including 2020 was
9.7%.

Due to the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020, the appreciation of the RMB in the second half of the year and the
trend for deleveraging in the global markets, the Group’s three glass product businesses, namely float glass, automobile glass
and architectural glass, has achieved different growth rates in the year of 2020 from the increases in the sales volume and the
selling prices.




8     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Sales
Sales increased by 14.5% in 2020, principally due to the sales volume growth of float glass, architectural glass and automobile
glass products in the PRC and in the global market.

The tables below set forth the Group’s sales by products and by geographical regions:

                                                                                        Year Ended 31 December

                                                                                2020                                      2019
                                                                   HK$’million                     %            HK$’million            %

By Products
Float glass products                                                   11,794.7                  63.4              9,645.5         59.3
Automobile glass
      products (Note (a))                                                4,609.0                 24.8              4,502.6         27.7
Architectural glass products                                             2,212.2                 11.8              2,110.4         13.0

                                                                       18,615.9                100.0              16,258.5        100.0


Note:

(a)      Included sales of automobile glass and automobile rubber and plastic components on an original equipment manufacturing (“OEM”)
         basis and on aftermarkets basis, respectively.

                                                                                        Year Ended 31 December

                                                                            2020                                      2019
                                                                   HK$ million                     %            HK$ million            %

By Geographical Regions
Greater China (Note (a))                                               13,636.3                  73.3             11,190.2         68.8
North America                                                            1,964.0                 10.5              1,949.1         12.0
Europe                                                                     591.0                  3.2                664.1             4.1
Others (Note (b))                                                        2,424.6                 13.0              2,455.1         15.1

                                                                       18,615.9                100.0              16,258.5        100.0


Notes:

(a)      China and Hong Kong.

(b)      Australia, New Zealand, Africa, the Middle East, Central America, South America and other countries.




                                                                                   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020         9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Cost of Sales
Average production costs have declined mainly due to the drop in average costs of soda ash and energy in the PRC in 2020.
Also, improved production efficiency, successful cost control measures and use of cost-effective renewable energy have led to a
slight increase in the cost of sales in 2020 by 4.5% to HK$10,844.4 million, compared with HK$10,375.2 million in 2019. Since
the rate of increase in the cost of sales was lower than the rate of increase in sales, this indicates that the management has been
able to improve profitability despite the challenging global market environment.

Gross profit in 2020 was HK$7,771.4 million, representing an increase of 32.1%, compared with HK$5,883.3 million in 2019.
The overall gross profit margin has increased from 36.2% to 41.7% principally due to the increase in the average sales price of
float glass products.


Other Income
Other income decreased to HK$464.0 million, compared with HK$528.7 million in 2019. The decrease was mainly due to lesser
PRC government grants received in 2020.


Other Gains – Net
Net other gains increased by 14.2% and amounted to HK$889.0 million in 2020, compared with net other gains of HK$778.2
million in 2019. The upturn was principally due to two one-off dilution gains from Xinyi Solar’s share placements in the second
half of 2020.


Selling and Marketing Costs
The Group’s selling and marketing costs increased by 2.0% to HK$958.7 million in 2020, principally due to the increase in
overseas transportation costs and the additional import tariff imposed by the US.


Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses increased by 6.6% to HK$1,804.7 million in 2020, and this was mainly
due to the increase in employee expenses for the new production complexes under construction, as well as increase in research
and development expenses.


Share of Profits of Associates
Share of profits of associates were mainly from the associate companies of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited and Xinyi Energy
Holdings Limited. The share profits increased to HK$1,124.3 million, compared to HK$639.6 million in 2019. The increase was
mainly due to stronger demand of solar glass and solar farm businesses in 2020.




10    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Finance Costs
The Group’s finance costs significantly decreased by 29.6% to HK$192.8 million in 2020 mainly due to the drop in the HIBOR
rate during the year. A portion of the interest expense incurred as construction-in-progress and acquisition of plant and
machinery at the production complexes in Beihai and Zhangjiagang was capitalised under construction-in-progress and will be
depreciated subsequently when the related production facilities and the new production lines commence commercial operation.
An interest expense amounting to HK$63.9 million was capitalised under construction-in-progress in 2020, which was relatively
stable compared to the amount of HK$70.6 million in 2019.


Earnings Before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”)
EBITDA increased by 38.0% to HK$8,654.9 million for the year ended 31 December 2020, compared with HK$6,272.0 million
in 2019.


Income Tax Expense
The Group’s income tax expense significantly increased by 68.6% to HK$899.1 million in 2020 due to higher profits generated
and more PRC dividend withholding tax paid during the year. The effective tax rate increased to 12.3%. The effective tax
rate was lower than the standard tax rates mainly due to more profits generated by our subsidiaries that are qualified for the
preferential PRC high-tech enterprise CIT tax rate of 15% and the one-off non-taxable dilution gains related to Xinyi Solar shares
placements.

The PRC dividend withholding tax of HK$109.1 million was paid in 2020.

A total amount of RMB413.0 million dividends from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries were re-invested in other PRC subsidiaries
that no withholding tax has been recognised in according to the PRC dividend withholding tax rules under current PRC taxation
policies in 2020.

Net Profit
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$6,422.2 million in 2020, representing an increase of 43.4%,
compared with HK$4,477.8 million in 2019. Net profit margin slightly increased to 34.5% in 2020.


CURRENT RATIO

The Group’s current ratio as of 31 December 2020 was 1.49, compared with 1.22 as of 31 December 2019.


NET CURRENT ASSETS

As of 31 December 2020, the Group had net current assets of HK$4,246.4 million, compared with HK$1,883.6 million as of 31
December 2019. The increase was in line with the increases in the current ratio and net profit.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020      11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND COMMITMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group incurred an aggregate capital expenditure of HK$3,772.9 million (2019:
HK$3,099.8 million) for the purchase of plant and machinery and the construction of factory premises at its production
complexes in China and Malaysia. Capital commitments contracted for but not incurred by the Group as of 31 December 2020
amounted to HK$862.4 million (2019: HK$1,413.8 million), which were mainly related to the new capacities of architectural
glass, automobile glass and float glass to be added in China and Malaysia.


CAPITAL STRUCTURE

Save as disclosed in this report, there has been no material change in the capital structure of the Company during the year. The
capital of the Group companies are only the ordinary shares.


FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

In 2020, the Group’s primary source of funding included cash generated from its operating activities and the new banking
facilities provided by its principal banks in Hong Kong and the PRC. Net cash inflow from operating activities amounted to
HK$4,504.3 million (2019: HK$3,779.1 million) as a result of an substantial increase in net profit for the year and efficient
working capital management which led to a net cash surplus from operations. As of 31 December 2020, the Group had cash
and bank balances (including fixed deposits and pledged bank deposits) of HK$5,304.1 million (2019: HK$5,142.1 million).


BANK BORROWINGS

As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s bank and other borrowings amounted to HK$11,574.0 million representing an
increase of 7.1% compared with a balance of HK$10,809.5 million as of 31 December 2019 because of the increase in capital
expenditure during the year.

The Group’s net debt gearing ratio as of 31 December 2020 was 22.4% (31 December 2019: 27.1%). This ratio was calculated
by dividing the net bank debt, which is calculated as total borrowings less cash, bank balances and pledged bank deposits, by
the total equity of the Group as of 31 December 2020.

For the Group’s bank borrowings which were denominated in Hong Kong dollars, the interest rates of these bank borrowings
are calculated in HIBOR plus a particular percentage. The Group will closely monitor the interest rate movements and regularly
review its banking facilities so as to mitigate the expected interest rate risk.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As of 31 December 2020, a bank balance of HK$59.5 million has been pledged as collateral principally for import duties payable
to the US government.




12    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of 31 December 2020, the Group had 14,334 full-time employees of whom 13,526 were based in China and 808 were
based in Hong Kong and other countries and territories. The Group maintains good relationship with all of its employees. It
provides employees with sufficient training in business and professional knowledge including information about the applications
of the Group’s products and skills in maintaining good client relationship. Remuneration packages offered to the Group’s
employees are consistent with prevailing markets terms and reviewed on a regular basis. Discretionary bonuses may be awarded
to employees taking into consideration the Group’s performance and that of individual staff.

Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, the Group has participated in relevant defined contribution retirement schemes
administered by responsible government authorities in the PRC for its employees there. As regards the Group’s employees in
Hong Kong, all arrangements pursuant to the mandatory provident fund requirements prescribed by the Mandatory Provident
Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong) have been duly implemented.


FINAL DIVIDEND AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

At the meeting of the Board held on Monday, 1 March 2021, the Directors proposed a final cash dividend (the “Final
Dividend”) of 62.0 HK cents per Share for the year ended 31 December 2020. The recommendation of payment of the Final
Dividend is subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the Annual General Meeting to be held on Friday, 28 May 2021. If
so approved by the Shareholders, it is expected that the Final Dividend will be paid on or about Tuesday, 6 July 2021 to the
Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 7 June 2021.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 3 June 2021 to Monday, 7 June 2021, both days
inclusive, during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the Final Dividend, all transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited, the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, at Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 2 June 2021.


TREASURY POLICIES AND EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES

The Group has adopted treasury policies for the purpose of optimising the use of readily-available financial resources for the
business needs of its different subsidiaries. The Directors believe that such treasury policies are an integral part of the business
operations of the Group and are beneficial to the Group as a whole by reducing the costs and interests that may otherwise be
borne by its relevant subsidiaries in arranging the required banking facilities to meet obligations. For example, the Group has
adopted a centralised approach in managing funds available to its headquarters, subsidiaries and branches, including cash, bank
deposits, securities, bills and other financial instruments. These assets, such as bills and financial instruments, are managed and
arranged amongst subsidiaries of the Group through proper endorsements or transfers to the different subsidiaries so they can
be fully utilised to meet the Group’s payment obligations with minimal financing cost. The Group closely monitors the level
of use and the value of each of these transactions only represents an immaterial part of its total assets and undertakings. The
Directors believe that these policies promote the efficient use of the Group’s financial resources.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020      13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


In addition, the treasury policies of the Group also include mechanisms to mitigate its foreign exchange risks. The Group mainly
operates in China with most of its significant transactions denominated and settled in RMB and in US Dollars (“USD”). Given
the pegged exchange rate between the Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”) and the USD, the Directors do not foresee the Group being
subjected to significant foreign exchange risks for transactions conducted in HKD or USD. However, exchange rate fluctuations
between the RMB and the HKD or the RMB and the USD could affect the Group’s performance and asset value. The Group also
has float glass production facilities in Malaysia. Exchange rate fluctuations between the Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) and the HKD
could also affect the Group’s performance and asset value.

Because of the appreciation in the exchange rate converting the RMB to the HKD in the second half of 2020, the Group
reported non-cash translation increases in the exchange reserve of its consolidated balance sheet — when converting RMB-
denominated assets into HKD. For the year ended 31 December 2020, an exchanges reserve increase of HK$2,366.2 million
was recorded as foreign currency translations reserve movement. As a result, the balance of the consolidated foreign currency
translations reserve account recorded a credit balance of HK$741.6 million as of 31 December 2020 compared with a debit
balance of HK$1,624.7 million as of 31 December 2019.

Relating to the Group’s PRC business, revenue from the sales of glass products is denominated in RMB whilst most bank
borrowings are denominated in HKD. In implementing its treasury policies, the Group maintained a well-designed balance
between the currency risk and the interest savings arising from HKD-denominated bank borrowings. As of 31 December 2020,
all bank borrowings of the Group were denominated in HKD.

The Group has not experienced any material difficulties and liquidity issues resulting from currency exchange fluctuations.
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group has not used any financial instrument for hedging purposes.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of 31 December 2020, the Group did not have any significant contingent liability (31 December 2019: Nil).


MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

Save as disclosed in this report, there was no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies during
the year ended 31 December 2020.


SIGNIFICANT EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2020 and up to the date of this report.




14   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                Profile of Directors and Senior Management


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (李賢義) aged 68, is our Chairman and founder, responsible for the Group’s business strategy. Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, B.B.S. has more than 31 years’ experience in the automobile glass industry. Prior to establishing the Group, Dr. LEE Yin Yee,
B.B.S. was involved in the trading of automobile parts. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. has been the national committee member of the
Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth and Thirteenth Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and an honorary citizen of Shenzhen
in the PRC. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. obtained a honorable doctorate degree in engineering from the Universiti Teknikal Malaysia
Melaka in November 2018. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. was appointed in December 2003 as the first chairman of Shenzhen Fujian
Corporate Association. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is also the Life Honorary Chairman of the Hong Kong Quanzhou Clans United
Association and the Fukienese Association Limited in Hong Kong. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, our
executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is also the brother-in-law of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, our vice-chairman and executive
Director and brother-in-law of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., our chief executive officer and executive Director. Dr. LEE
Yin Yee, B.B.S. was appointed as our executive Director on 25 June 2004. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the chairman and executive
Director of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (”Xinyi Solar“), a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
968). Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. was the chairman and non-executive Director of Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”), a
company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3868) from 28 May 2019 to 4 August 2020.

Save as disclosed above, Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. has not held any directorship in other
publicly listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (董清波), aged 58, is our vice-chairman and chief purchasing officer, responsible for managing our daily
operations and overseeing our purchasing functions. Prior to joining us in January 2000, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor had over 15 years’
experience in automobile parts purchase. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor is a member of The Tenth Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference of Anhui Province since 1 January 2011 and also a member of Nanping Committee of Fujian Province. Mr. TUNG
Ching Bor is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., our executive Director, brother of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.,
our chief executive officer and executive Director, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, our executive Director. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor
was appointed as our executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and Mr. TUNG Ching Bor has not held any directorship in other
publicly listed companies in the last three years.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020      15
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M , J.P. (董清世), aged 55, is our executive Director and chief executive officer. Tan Sri
Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. has been with us for over 31 years since our inception in November 1988 and is responsible for
overseeing our daily operations. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is a standing committee member of the twelve session of
the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Regional Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, (中國人民政
治協商會議第十二屆廣西壯族自治區委員會常委) a member of the executive committee of the twelve session of the All-China
Federation of Industry and Commerce (第十二屆全國工商聯執行委員會委員), chairman of the Happy Hong Kong Foundation,
and the president of Hong Kong Industrial & Commercial Association, vice chairman of the China Architectural and Industrial
Glass Association (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會), the Third Shenzhen Municipal Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneur in
September 2001 and was awarded the “Young Industrialist Awards of Hong Kong 2006”. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P.
graduated from the Sun Yat-Sen University with an executive master degree of business administration in 2007. Tan Sri Datuk
TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., brother of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, and uncle of Mr. LEE
Shing Kan, all of them are our executive Directors. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. was appointed as our executive Director
on 25 June 2004. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the vice chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Solar, a company
listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 968), the vice chairman and executive director of Xinyi Energy, a
company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3868) and the chairman and non-executive director of
Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Electric Storage”) a company listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (“GEM”) of
the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).

Save as disclosed above, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or
substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. has not held
any directorship in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. LEE Shing Kan (李聖根), aged 41, is our executive Director and is responsible for overseeing the overall automobile glass
operation. Mr. LEE Shing Kan joined the Company in January 2005. Mr. LEE Shing Kan holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce
from The University of Melbourne, Australia and a master’s degree in applied finance from Monash University, Australia. Mr.
LEE Shing Kan is the member of the Fujian Province Committee of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and chief
supervisor of the Federation of HK Sichuan Community organisations. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was the director (2012-2014) of Tung
Wah Group of Hospitals. Mr. LEE Shing Kan has been the executive committee member and the vice chairman of the Lok Sin
Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon since 2018 and April 2020 respectively. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.,
nephew of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P., all of them are our executive Director. Mr. LEE Shing
Kan was appointed as our executive Director on 15 October 2008. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is a non-executive director of Xinyi Electric
Storage, a company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).

Save as disclosed above, Mr. LEE Shing Kan has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and Mr. LEE Shing Kan has not held any directorship in other
publicly listed companies in the last three years.




16    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai (李清懷), aged 63, is our non-executive Director and has been with us since April 2001. Prior to joining us,
Mr. LI Ching Wai has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. LI Ching Wai was appointed as our non-executive
Director on 25 June 2004. Save as disclosed above, Mr. LI Ching Wai has no relationship with any Directors, senior management
or substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and Mr. LI Ching Wai has not held any directorship
in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. SZE Nang Sze (施能獅), aged 63, is our non-executive Director and has been with us since April 2001. Prior to joining
us, Mr. SZE Nang Sze has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. SZE Nang Sze was appointed as our non-
executive Director on 25 June 2004. Save as disclosed above, Mr. SZE Nang Sze has no relationship with any Directors, senior
management or substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and Mr. SZE Nang Sze has not held
any directorship in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. LI Ching Leung (李清涼), aged 64, is our non-executive Director and has joined us since August 2004. Mr. LI Ching Leung
was the assistant general manager of our Wuhu production complex. Prior to joining us, Mr. LI Ching Leung has worked in
the trading of automobile parts industry, manufacturing of plastic products and mould industry, and manufacturing of leather
products industry. Mr. LI Ching Leung was appointed as our executive Director on 25 August 2004 and was re-designated
as non-executive Director on 14 September 2005. Save as disclosed above, Mr. LI Ching Leung has no relationship with any
Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and Mr. LI Ching
Leung has not held any directorship in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. NG Ngan Ho (吳銀河), aged 56, is our non-executive Director and has joined us since August 2003. Mr. NG Ngan Ho was
responsible for overseeing the financial and purchasing matters of our Dongguan production complex. Mr. NG Ngan Ho was
appointed as our executive Director on 25 June 2004 and was re-designated as non-executive Director on 1 July 2007. Mr. NG
Ngan Ho is the executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).
Save as disclosed above, Mr. NG Ngan Ho has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders
(as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company and Mr. NG Ngan Ho has not held any directorship in other publicly listed
companies in the last three years.




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020   17
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. (林廣兆), aged 87, is the vice chairman of BOC International Holdings Limited, the honorary
chairman of Hong Kong Federation of Fujian Associations, the Life Honorary Chairman of Hong Kong Fukien Chamber of
Commerce, the vice chairman of Fujian Hong Kong Economic Co-operation, the Life Honorary Chairman of the Chinese General
Chamber of Commerce, the Adviser of the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association, the honorary president of the Chinese
Bankers Club of Hong Kong and thus has the appropriate professional expertise required under Rule 3.10 (2) of the Listing
Rules. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu has also been the director of Bank of China International Limited (formerly named “BOCI Capital
Limited”) since July 2002, an independent non-executive director of Fujian Holdings Limited (stock code: 0181) since December
2003, Yuzhou Properties Company Limited (now known as Yuzhou Group Holdings Company Limited, stock code: 1628) since
October 2009, Far East Consortium International Limited (stock code: 0035) since September 2011 and Skymission Group
Holdings Limited (stock code: 1429) since November 2019. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. was independent non-executive director
of China Overseas Land & Investment Limited (stock code: 0688) and Vico International Holdings Limited (stock code: 1621).
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was awarded the HKSAR Gold Bauhinia Star and Silver Bauhinia Star in 2016 and 2003 respectively. Mr.
LAM Kwong Siu was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004. Fujian Holdings Limited, Yuzhou
Properties Company Limited, Far East Consortium International Limited, Skymission Group Holdings Limited, China Overseas
Land & Investment Limited and Vico International Holdings Limited are companies whose shares are being listed on the Stock
Exchange.

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined
in the Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies,
the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.

Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel (王則左), aged 71, is currently a Barrister-at-Law in Hong Kong and a Chartered Arbitrator. Mr.
WONG Chat Chor Samuel, a member of several arbitration institutions, is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, a
Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, Executive Council member of the Hong Kong Society for Rehabilitation and
Crime Prevention, is the present president of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, is a member of the International Chamber
of Commerce (“ICC”) and the ICC Arbitration Committee of Hong Kong. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is also on the panels of
the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission, the Hong Kong International Arbitration Center and on the
panels of the Arbitration Commissions of Wuhan, Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration, Shanghai Court of International
Arbitration, Guangzhou and Huizhou of China. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is a member of the Peoples’ Political Consultative
Committee of Wenzhou, Zhejiang, the PRC. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel received a master degree in business administration
from Harvard University and a master and a bachelor degree in Arts from Tufts University, Massachusetts. Mr. WONG Chat Chor
Samuel was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.

Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined
in the Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies,
the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.




18   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP (王英偉), aged 68, is the President and Executive Director of Sands China Limited (stock code:
1928), the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai joined the Administrative Officer grade of the Hong Kong Government in 1975 and served in a number
of key positions including Deputy Secretary for the Civil Service and Deputy Director General of Industry. Dr. WONG Ying Wai
joined the private sector in 1992 and since then, he has held top management positions in a number of Hong Kong listed
companies in the property development and construction business sectors including K. Wah International Holdings Limited,
Henderson China Holdings Limited, Shui On Group and Hsin Chong Construction Group Ltd.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai started his political career at the national level when he was appointed a member of The Basic Law
Consultative Committee (1985-1990) by the Central People’s Government. He was subsequently appointed by the National
People’s Congress as a member of the Preliminary Working Committee for the Hong Kong SAR Preparatory Committee in 1993
and a member of the Hong Kong SAR Preparatory Committee in 1995, both bodies were responsible for the transitional policies
and arrangements relating to the establishment of the HKSAR Government in 1997. Dr. WONG Ying Wai was a Deputy to the
National People’s Congress of the PRC during 1997-2013.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai’s public service continues through his participation in a number of councils and committees in Hong
Kong and Macao. He is currently the chairman of Hong Kong Arts Development Council, the chairman of the Hong Kong Film
Development Council, the chairman emeritus of the Hong Kong Baptist University Foundation, the chairman and director of The
Hong Kong International Film Festival Society Limited, Asian Film Awards Academy Limited and Hong Kong Institute for Public
Administration, a director and the chairman emeritus of Pacific Basin Economic Council Limited, a member of the Committee of
Cultural Industries and a member of the Tourism Committee of the Government of the Macao Special Administrative Region. He
was the chairman of the Court and Council of the Hong Kong Baptist University during the period from 2007 to 2012.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star and Silver Bauhinia Star Medal by the Hong Kong SAR Government
in 2015 and 2007. He was educated at Harvard University (MPA), Oxford University, University of Hong Kong (BSoc.Sc.) and the
Chinese University of Hong Kong. Dr. WONG was conferred the honorary degree for doctor of humanities by the Hong Kong
Baptist University in November 2013.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined in the
Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Dr. WONG Ying Wai has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies the
securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020   19
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John (陳傳華), aged 49, obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Simon Fraser
University in June 1993 and obtained a doctorate degree of ministry from Fuller Theological Seminary in 2017. Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John is currently a minister of Evangelical Free Churches of China Jachin Church Limited. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John
has over 16 years of experience in accounting and investment banking industry, during which Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John had
worked in Price Waterhouse (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers) and various financial institutions and investment banks in
Hong Kong. During the period between 2003 and 2006, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was the Managing Director and the Head
of Investment Banking of Kingsway Financial Services Group Limited (“Kingsway Group”). Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was a
consultant to Kingsway Group during the period from 2006 to 2009. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a member of each of
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 1996 and
1997, respectively. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a Chartered Financial Analyst (granted by the Association for Investment
Management and Research) in September 1999.

Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined
in the Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies,
the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.

Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David (譚偉雄), aged 71, has more than 40 years of experience in commercial banking industry in Hong
Kong and the PRC. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David started his career in 1968 when he joined The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
Corporation (“HSBC”). During his career with HSBC, Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David held various senior positions in Hong Kong and
overseas and his last position with HSBC was Senior Executive — Payments and Cash Management-Asia Pacific in 1999. Since
March 1999, Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David worked with Hang Seng Bank Limited and held various senior positions in corporate
and commercial banking and risk management. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David retired from Hang Seng Bank Limited in January
2012 as a Deputy General Manager and his last position with the bank was Chief Risk Officer. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David was a
director of Yantai Bank (煙台銀行), a city commercial bank in Yantai, Shandong Province, the PRC from December 2012 to June
2017. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David is currently a non-executive director of Nameson Holdings Limited, which shares are listed on
the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1982). Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David is currently an independent non-executive director of Dah
Sing Financial Holdings Limited, which shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0440). Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David is
currently an independent non-executive director of Dah Sing Bank Limited. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David became a fellow member
of the Institute of Bankers in the United Kingdom and the Hong Kong Institute of Bankers in 1986 and 1995, respectively. Mr.
TAM Wai Hung, David received a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Toronto in 1991.

Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial Shareholders (as defined in
the Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies, the
securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.




20   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. LAU Sik Yuen (劉錫源), aged 54, is the Group company secretary, chief financial officer and qualified accountant. Prior
to joining the Group in April 2003, Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had over thirteen years’ experience in auditing and financial accounting
industry. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is responsible for the Group’s financial, management and cost accounting, taxation, treasury and
investor relations strategy and operation. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers for over five years, and had
been the financial controller of a subsidiary of a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange for over three years.
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. XU Bi Zhong (許必忠), aged 52, is the executive vice president of the Group and is mainly overseeing the group logistics and
electronic glass operations. Mr. XU Bi Zhong obtained a diploma of administrative management from Shenzhen University. Prior
to joining the Group in May 2004, Mr. XU Bi Zhong worked for a float glass trading company and a float glass plant in PRC for
over twelve years.

Mr. ZHANG Ming (張明), aged 60, is the vice president of the Group and overseeing the construction and operations of Beihai
production complex. Mr. ZHANG Ming has obtained qualification as a senior engineer. Prior to joining the Group in February
1998, Mr. ZHANG Ming worked at a float glass plant in the PRC. Mr. ZHANG Ming graduated from Wuhan Construction
Materials Institute in 1982 with a bachelor degree in construction materials and mechanics. Mr. ZHANG obtained a master
degree in business administration from Peking University in 2010.

Mr. YANG Yi (楊逸), aged 48, is the vice president of the Group and is responsible for overseeing the group administrative and
human resources operations. Mr. YANG Yi obtained a diploma of applied material from South China University of Technology.
Prior to joining the Group in July 2001, Mr. YANG Yi worked for a float glass plant in PRC for eight years.

Mr. GUO Jian Lin (郭建林), aged 52, is the vice president of the Group and is mainly overseeing the group information and
technology centre and supply chain management. Mr. GUO obtained a bachelor degree in industrial management from Jiangxi
University of Finance and Economics. Mr. GUO is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Prior to
joining the Group in March 2008, Mr. GUO worked in accounting and auditing sector.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020   21
Corporate Governance Report


The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in the management structure and internal control
procedures of the Group for the purpose of ensuring that all business activities of the Group and the decision-making process
are properly regulated and are in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. For corporate governance purpose,
the Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set forth in Appendix 14 to The Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange. For corporate governance purpose, the Company has
adopted the CG Code throughout the year of 2020.

The Company has applied the principles and in the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the applicable
principles and code provisions of the CG Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2020.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

One of the responsibilities of the Board is to prevent fraud and non-compliance issues, safeguard the assets of the Group
and formulate the overall business strategies for the Group. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors, four non-
executive Directors and five independent non-executive Directors. Further information on the Directors is set forth on pages 15
to 20 of this annual report.

The four executive Directors are Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. and Mr. LEE
Shing Kan. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, and also the brother-in-law of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor is the elder brother of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Hence, Mr.
LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. and nephew of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P..

The four non-executive Directors are Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. LI Ching Leung and Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

The five independent non-executive Directors are Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying
Wai, G.B.S., J.P., Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the Chairman of the Group and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the Chief Executive Officer of the
Group. The Chairman is responsible for managing and providing leadership to the Board. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is responsible
for ensuring that the Group has maintained strong and effective corporate governance practices and procedures. The Chief
Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the business of the Group. With the assistance of other
members of the Board and other senior management, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. closely monitors the operating and
financial results of the Group, identifies any weakness in the operation and takes all necessary and appropriate steps to remedy
such weakness. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is also responsible for formulating the future business plans and strategies of
the Group for the Board’s approval.




22    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Board Diversity Policy
The Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive directors, one independent non-executive director of which has the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related finance management expertise and the independent non-executive directors represent at
least one-third of the Board.

Where there is any casual vacancy in the Board, candidates will be proposed and put forward to the Board for consideration and
approval, with a view to appointing to the Board individuals with the appropriate capabilities to fill the casual vacancy.

Members of the Board, who come from a variety of different backgrounds, have a diverse range of business, and professional
expertise. Brief biographical particulars of the Directors, together with information relating to the relationship among them, are
set forth on pages 15 to 20 in this annual report.

The Board considers that its diversity is a vital asset to the business. The Board adopted a Board Diversity Policy for better
transparency and governance. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.

All of the four non-executive Directors were appointed for a term of three years, commencing from 1 January 2020. Two of the
independent non-executive Directors, Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. and Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, were appointed for a
term of three years commencing from 3 February 2020. The independent non-executive Director, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S.,
J.P., was appointed for a term of three years commencing from 1 November 2020. Two of the independent non-executive
Directors, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David, were appointed for a term of three years commencing
from 31 December 2018. The Company has received written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive
Directors in respect of his independence in accordance with the independence guidelines pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors have fulfilled the independence guidelines set
forth under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020    23
Corporate Governance Report


Attendance records of the Directors at board meetings and general meeting in 2020 are as follows:

                                                                                              Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                    Annual
                                                                                                    general          Board
                                                                                                    meeting      meetings

Executive Directors
     LEE Yin Yee                                                                                        1/1             4/4
     TUNG Ching Bor                                                                                     1/1             4/4
     TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                     1/1             4/4
     LEE Shing Kan                                                                                      1/1             4/4

Non-executive Directors
     LI Ching Wai                                                                                       1/1             4/4
     LI Ching Leung                                                                                     1/1             4/4
     SZE Nang Sze                                                                                       1/1             4/4
     NG Ngan Ho                                                                                         1/1             4/4

Independent non-executive Directors
     LAM Kwong Siu                                                                                      1/1             4/4
     WONG Ying Wai                                                                                      1/1             3/4
     WONG Chat Chor Samuel                                                                              1/1             3/4
     TRAN Chuen Wah, John                                                                               1/1             4/4
     TAM Wai Hung, David                                                                                1/1             4/4

During the financial year ended 31 December 2020, the Board has four meetings, which were held on 16 March 2020, 3 August
2020, 2 December 2020 and 9 December 2020, respectively, and majority of the Directors had attended these meetings. At
least four Board meetings are scheduled to be held during the financial year ending 31 December 2021.

The Board is responsible for the formulation of the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, monitoring and evaluating
the operating and financial performance, the review of the corporate governance measures and supervision of the overall
management of the Group. The senior management of the Group is responsible for the implementation of the business
strategies and the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Directors have
full access to all the information of the Group in regard to the business operation and financial performance of the Group.
Senior management of the Group also provides the Directors from time to time with information on business operation of the
Group.




24      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set forth
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors. Directors are reminded
of their obligations under the Model Code on a regular basis. Following specific enquiries by the Group, all Directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set forth in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31
December 2020 and up to the date of this annual report.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor
Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P., Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. The chairman of the
Remuneration Committee is Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing the terms of the remuneration packages of and
determining the award of bonuses to Directors and senior management. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange. During the year ended 31 December 2020, a meeting of the Remuneration Committee was
held on 16 March 2020 and all the committee members attended this meeting.

Pursuant to code provision B.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the
year ended 31 December 2020 is set forth below:

                                                                                                                 Number of
In the band of                                                                                                   individuals

Over HK$5,000,000                                                                                                           4
HK$2,000,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                                                5

Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group on pages 159
to 161 in this annual report.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020    25
Corporate Governance Report


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises five independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.,
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P., Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David.
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee assists the Board to review the financial information and reporting process, evaluate the effectiveness of
internal control systems and oversee the auditing processes of the Group. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee has held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2020
on 16 March 2020, 3 August 2020 and 24 November 2020, respectively, for reviewing the annual and interim financial results
and reports as well as the financial reporting and compliance procedures, internal control and risk management systems, scope
of work and appointment of external auditors, and all the committee members attended these meetings.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee of the Board consists of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LAM Kwong
Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel and Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity (including the skills, knowledge
and experience) of the Board on a regular basis, assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the
Company, and make recommendations to the Board regarding the appointment, retirement and re-election of Directors.
The Nomination Committee was established on 29 October 2007 and its terms of reference are posted on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange. The nomination committee held a meeting on 16 March 2020 with all the committee
members attended this meeting for the year ended 31 December 2020.




26    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
NOMINATION POLICY

When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any
existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including without limitation the
following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

–     Reputation for integrity;

–     Achieve board diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
      professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

–     Merit and contribution that candidate will bring to the Board;

–     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Listing Rules for the appointment of an independent
      non-executive Director if the proposed candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director; and

–     Able to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder
of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board.

Procedures for shareholders’ nomination of any proposed candidate for election as a director are stated in “Mechanisms available
for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company” and disclosed in the Company’s website.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been reviewed by the
audit committee and audited by the external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Directors acknowledge that it is their
responsibilities in (i) overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Group with a view to ensure that such financial
statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group, and (ii) selecting suitable accounting policies, applying
the selected accounting policies consistently, and making prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates for the preparation
of the financial statements of the Group.

The statement of the auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements
of the Group is set forth in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 49 to 53 of this annual report.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020       27
Corporate Governance Report


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

For the year under review, the professional fees charged by the auditors of the group companies in respect of the auditing
services is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. The remuneration paid to the auditor of the Group is solely for audit
of consolidated financial statements of the Group during the year, which amounted to approximately HK$3.1 million.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of risk management and internal control
so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the operations of the Group in achieving the established corporate objectives,
safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives of the Group.

The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

–     Well-defined organisational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting lines and
      responsibilities to minimise risk of errors and abuse;

–     Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major functions and
      operations;

–     Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained staff;

–     Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date business and financial
      reporting, immediate corrective actions are taken where necessary; and

–     Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of
risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.

A risk-based approach is adopted to ensure that a methodical coverage of the Group’s operations and resources are focused
on high risk areas. The internal audit team takes the lead to evaluate the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group by reviewing the major operations of the Group on a rotational basis every year. The review covers all material controls
including financial, operational, compliance controls and risk management. Review results and recommendations in the form
of written reports are submitted to the Audit Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the
internal audit team to ensure that findings previously identified have been properly resolved.

Based on the results of the internal control review for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the assessment of the Audit
Committee thereon, no significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is
satisfied that appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for the year ended
31 December 2020.




28    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY

The Company has established an inside information policy which contains the guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant
employees (likely possessing the unpublished inside information) of the Group to ensure that the inside information of the
Group is to be disseminated to public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and regulation.


DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

We provide to all the Directors a comprehensive induction package which includes introduction on the business operations,
internal procedures and general policy of the Company and a summary of statutory and regulatory obligations of directors
under the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. During the year, the Directors are provided with regular updates
on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge their duties. The Directors are also encouraged to attend both in-house training and training provided
by independent service providers. During the period under review, all Directors participated in various trainings organised by the
Company, including the “Disclosure Obligation for Listed Companies and Officers” and “Update on the requirements
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Ordinance”. According to the training records maintained by the Company, each Director has confirmed that he has obtained
reading and training materials during the year under review and has attended the trainings in relation to various aspects,
including but not limited to, director’s duties, update on Listing Rules amendments and corporate governance practices.


COMPANY SECRETARY

The company secretary is Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. LAU is also the chief financial officer of the Company.
He assists the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the policy and procedures of the Board are
followed. He has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in 2020, in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the
Listing Rules.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020      29
Corporate Governance Report


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company endeavours to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective communications with its shareholders
and investors. In an effort to facilitate and enhance the relationships and communication, the Company has established the
following channels:

(i)     the Annual General Meeting provides a forum for the Shareholders of the Company to raise comments and exchange
        views with the Board. The Directors are available at the Annual General Meetings of the Company to address Shareholders’
        queries;

(ii)    the Company maintains a website at www.xinyiglass.com, where updated key information/news of the Group is available
        for public access;

(iii)   interim and annual results are announced as early as possible, to keep the Shareholders of the Company informed of the
        Group’s performance and operations;

(iv)    investor, analyst and media briefing are held as early as practicable after the publication of the interim and annual results;

(v)     the Company’s management may meet with shareholders, potential investors and research analysts upon request and
        provide update of the latest business development of the Group and answer their queries in accordance with the Group’s
        Inside Information Policy;

(vi)    Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal
        place of business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary or via e-mail to “ir@xinyiglass.com.hk”; and

(vii)   Shareholders may direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar,
        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.




30      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO CONVENE A SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING

Pursuant to Article 64 of the articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company, an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”)
shall also be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not
less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such requisition shall
be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the Company for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called
by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months
after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the
requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s)
as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


INVESTOR RELATIONS

A printed copy of the memorandum and articles of association of the Company has been published on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange. There has been no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year
ended 31 December 2020.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020    31
Report of the Directors


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
31 December 2020.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding whereas its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the production
and sales of float glass products, automobile glass products, construction glass products and a variety of related products in
the PRC and Malaysia. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in Note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.

The analysis of the Group’s performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 by operating segments is set forth in
Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 are set forth in the consolidated income statement on
page 56 in this annual report. During the financial year, an interim dividend of 17.0 HK cents per Share, amounting to a total of
approximately HK$685.9 million of cash dividend, was paid to shareholders on Tuesday, 1 September 2020.

The Board proposes the payment of a final dividend of 62.0 HK cents per Share to Shareholders whose names appear on the
register of members of the Company at the close of business on Monday, 7 June 2021. Subject to approval by Shareholders at
the Annual General Meeting, the final dividend will be paid on or about Tuesday, 6 July 2021.

The register of members of the Company will be closed for the purpose of determining the entitlements to attend and vote at
the Annual General Meeting from Tuesday, 25 May 2021 to Friday, 28 May 2021, both days inclusive, during which period, no
transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote at the Annual General Meeting, all
share certificates with completed transfer forms either overleaf or separately, must be lodged with the Company’s branch share
registrars and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Rooms 1712-1716, 17th
Floor, Hopewell Centre,183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, no later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 24 May 2021.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 3 June 2021 to Monday, 7 June 2021, both days
inclusive, during such period no transfer of the Shares will be registered for the purpose in order to determine the entitlement
to receive the proposed final dividend. All transfer of the Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged
with the Registrar at Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, no later
than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 2 June 2021 for such purpose.


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

A business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 and its future development is set out in the Chairman's
Statement from pages 4 to 7 and Management’s Discussion and Analysis from pages 8 to 14 of this annual report.


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the financial year are set forth in Note 18 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



32    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During year under review and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group had obtained and completed all material
licenses, certifications, permits and registration necessary for its business operations, and that the Group had complied in all
material aspects with all laws, rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group’s float glass production may generate air pollutants, waste water and other industrial waste at different stages of the
production process. To ensure compliance with the applicable PRC environmental protection laws and regulations, the Group
has implemented the following environmental protection measures:

—    Energy – Natural gas has been used as the principal energy source for the Group’s glass melting furnaces.

—    Power generation from residual heat – The Group’s float glass production plants have used the residual heat generated in
      the production processes for electricity generation.

—    Glass recycling – Scraped and unused glass produced during the production process have been recycled to the glass
      melting furnaces for production of float glass products.

Over the past few years, the Group has owned in one wind farm project in Anhui Province several small solar farm projects
inside the production complexes, which can help to improve air quality and the environment by reducing the consumption of
fossil fuels and emission of carbon dioxide.

In March 2019, the Group passed the Green Finance Certification of the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency and was
awarded the Pre-issuance Stage Certificate for Green Finance, confirming that the Group’s energy saving Low-e coating
architectural glass projects meet the requirements of green projects. The Group will actively promote financial innovation,
increase the exploration of green finance, expand the Group’s funding channels through green financing, and ensure our
sustainable development.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”) REPORT

The Group is in the process of preparing its ESG report for the year ended 31 December 2020 and will publish it on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange’s website and the Company’s website upon completion of preparation for ESG report.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020     33
Report of the Directors


RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES

The Group values relationships with, and have been maintaining good relationships with its customers, raw material and
equipment suppliers, logistics service providers and the employees of the Group. During the year ended 31 December 2020,
there were no material dispute between the Group and its customers, suppliers and employees.

Customers are the Company’s greatest assets. Xinyi Glass is committed to the production of quality float glass, automobile
glass and architectural glass, with great emphasis on product quality and reputation. Over the years, the Company has
already established a professional and reliable corporate image among the customers. Xinyi Glass has been maintaining the
harmonious partnership of equal footing, honest cooperation and mutual benefits with suppliers. Supplier management has
been standardised. Supplier assessment system has been improved through tendering and procurement. This is to create a fair
and just competition environment for suppliers. Xinyi Glass adheres to the philosophy of “People-Oriented” and is committed to
providing the employees with a safe and healthy work environment. The staff members are encouraged to show their creativity
and potential, realising the co-development of the staff and the enterprise.


PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINIES

The business performance of the Group is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties:


Float glass business
—     The levels of demand and supply of float glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and are generally affected by
      construction and building materials industries, the overall macroeconomic factors in the principal property market, and the
      production capacity of other float glass manufacturers.

—     The Group may not be able to adjust its production levels promptly in response to the changing market environment and
      as a result, any unbalance between the demand and supply of float glass could create significant pressure on the selling
      prices.

—     As a float glass manufacturer, the Group follows the technology development which may cause demand for its float glass
      products to be reduced significantly.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The PRC environmental policies on air emission would affect the industry capacity and production costs.

—     The lockdown of domestic and overseas economies by COVID-19 pandemic would affect the domestic and overseas sales.


Automobile glass business
—     The international trade war or extra import tariff or anti-dumping tax would affect the overseas sales.

—     The fluctuation of USD exchange rate would affect the overseas demand.

—     The international oil price would affect the transportation cost.

—     The lockdown of domestic and overseas economies by COVID-19 pandemic would affect the domestic and overseas sales.




34    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Architectural glass business
—     The PRC property and financial policies would affect the demand of the architectural glass.

—     The levels of demand and supply of architectural glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and generally affected by
      the property and building industries.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The lockdown of domestic and overseas economies by COVID-19 pandemic would affect the domestic and overseas sales.

All of the above factors could adversely and materially affect the Group’s operating results and profitability.

Details of the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange and other financial risks are set out in the section headed “Treasury Policies
and Exposure to Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates” in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 13 and section
headed “Financial Risk Management” in the consolidated financial statements from page 83 to 91 of this annual report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the operating results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set forth in the
section headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report.


INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Details of this movement in investment properties of the Group during the year are set forth in Note 7 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year under review are set forth in Note 6 to
the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


DONATIONS

Donations by the Group for charitable and other purposes during the financial year amounted to HK$6,175,000 (2019:
HK$843,000).


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year under review are set forth in Note 17 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020        35
Report of the Directors


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, as at 31 December 2020, Share premium amounting to HK$535.6 million
(2019: HK$388.2 million) was distributable to Shareholders, subject to the condition that immediately following the date on
which the distribution or dividend is proposed to be made, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary
course of business.

As at 31 December 2020, the Company had distributable reserves available for distribution to Shareholders amounting to
HK$380.4 million (2019: HK$289.4 million) other than mentioned above.


DIVIDEND POLICY

In considering the payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and strike a proper balance between future business growth and rewarding the Shareholders of the Company.

Provided that the daily working capital needs of the Group can be satisfied and funding has been reserved for future
development, the Company intends to maintain a relatively stable dividend distribution ratio. However, the Company’s dividend
distribution record in the past does not necessarily imply that the same level of dividends may be declared or paid by the
Company in the future.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall take into account the financial performance and cash flow situation of the
Group, future expansion plans and capital requirements, interests of Shareholders, contractual restrictions on payment of
dividends, taxation considerations, statutory and regulatory restrictions, general economic conditions, business cycle of the
Group’s business and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

The Company may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate.
Any dividend unclaimed shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Company’s Memorandum
and Articles of Association.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of this annual report were:


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (Chairman)
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (Vice Chairman)
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. LEE Shing Kan




36    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai
Mr. SZE Nang Sze
Mr. LI Ching Leung
Mr. NG Ngan Ho


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P.
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John
Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David

In accordance with article 108 of the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles”), Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Mr. SZE Nang Sze,
Mr. NG Ngan Ho, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. and Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John will retire by rotation and being eligible, will
offer themselves for re-election at the Annual General Meeting.


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).
The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


DIRECTORS‘ SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting has entered or has
proposed to enter into any service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which is not determinable
by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS‘ REMUNERATION

The Company‘s policies concerning remuneration of the executive Directors are:

(i)     the amount of remuneration is determined on the basis of the relevant executive Director‘s experience, responsibility,
        workload and the time devoted to the Group;

(ii)    non-cash benefits may be provided to the executive Directors under their remuneration package;

(iii)   the executive Directors may be granted, at the discretion of the board of Directors, options pursuant to the share option
        scheme, as part of their remuneration package; and

(iv)    annual director fee of HK$300,000 for the year ended 31 December 2020, and HK$300,000 for the year ending 31
        December 2021.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020    37
Report of the Directors


Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each non-executive Director in 2020, none of the non-executive Directors
received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature) from the Group.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each independent non-executive Director in 2020, none of the independent
non-executive Directors received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature)
from the Group. Such emoluments were determined with reference to the duties and responsibilities of Mr. LAM Kwong Siu,
G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung,
David and their mutual agreement with the Company.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS

No contracts, transactions and arrangements of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
financial year or at any time during the financial year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the financial year.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The share option scheme (“Old Share Option Scheme”) adopted by the Company on 18 January 2005, being valid for a
period of 10 years from the date of adoption, expired on 17 January 2015. Pursuant to the extraordinary general meeting of the
Company held on 15 January 2015, a new share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) was approved and adopted.

A summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is as follows:

(i)   Purpose

      The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to,
      rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the participants (as defined below) and for such
      other purposes as the Directors may approve from time to time.




38    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
(ii)   Participants

       For the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, participants (the “Participants”) include (i) any employees (whether full-
       time or part-time) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, associated companies, jointly controlled entities and related
       companies from time to time (collectively, the “Extended Group”); (ii) any directors (whether executive directors or non-
       executive directors or independent non-executive directors) of the Extended Group; (iii) customers of the Extended Group
       or any of the subsidiaries or associated companies of such customers; and (iv) any consultants, professionals and other
       advisers to each member of the Extended Group.

(iii) Maximum number of shares

       The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share
       Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% (the “Scheme
       Mandate Limit”) of the total number of Shares in issue as of 18 January 2015.

       The Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit such that
       the total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and other share
       option schemes of the Company in issue shall not exceed 10% (the “Refreshed Limit”) of the issued share capital of the
       Company on the date the refreshment of such limit is approved.

       Notwithstanding the above, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
       granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company
       shall not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company if this will result in the aforesaid 30% limit
       being exceeded.

(iv)   Maximum entitlement of each Participant

       Unless with the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting, the maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued
       upon the exercise of the options granted to each Participant (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
       of the Shares in issue.

(v)    Option period

       An option must be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to be
       determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee, which period may commence from the date on which the offer
       for the grant of the option is made, but shall end in any event not later than 10 years from the date on which the offer for
       the grant of the option is made, subject to the provisions for early termination thereof.

(vi)   Acceptance and payment on acceptance

       An option may be accepted by a Participant within 30 days from the date of the offer for the grant of the option and the
       amount payable on acceptance of the grant of an option is HK$1.

       Unless otherwise determined by the Directors and stated in the offer for the grant of options to a grantee, there is neither
       any performance target that needs to be achieved by a grantee before an option can be exercised nor any minimum
       period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.


                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020    39
Report of the Directors


(vii) Option price for subscription of shares

      The subscription price in respect of each Share issued under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price solely determined by
      the Directors but shall not be less than the highest of:

      (a)      the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of
               grant, which must be a day (excluding a Saturday and Sunday) on which banks are generally open for business in
               Hong Kong (the “Business Day”);

      (b)      the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five
               Business Days immediately preceding the date of the grant; and

      (c)      the nominal value of a Share.

(viii) Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme

      The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing from 18 January 2015.

Pursuant to the Old Share Option Scheme and the Share Option Scheme, several tranches of options were granted to employees
of the Group, the details of the effective tranches are set forth as follows:

      In March 2011, the sixth tranche of 23,718,000 options was granted to employees of the Group (of which 736,000
      options have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company).
      6,566,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$6.44 per Share and the option holders may
      exercise the options between 1 April 2014 and 31 March 2015, provided that the holders are employees of the Group
      during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders were expired on 31 March 2015.

      In May 2012, the seventh tranche of 26,250,000 options was granted to employees of the Group (of which 736,000
      options have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company).
      6,909,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$4.34 per Share and the option holders may
      exercise the options between 1 April 2015 and 31 March 2016, provided that the holders are employees of the Group
      during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders were expired on 31 March 2016.

      In April 2013, the eighth tranche of 26,500,000 options was granted to employees of the Group (of which 736,000
      options have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company).
      A total of 6,341,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$5.55 per Share and the option holders
      may exercise the options between 1 April 2016 and 31 March 2017, provided that the holders are employees of the
      Group during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2017 shall
      lapse.

      In February 2014, the ninth tranche of 26,000,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group (of which
      736,000 options have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of
      the Company). A total of 5,224,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$6.84 per Share and
      the option holders may exercise the options between 1 April 2017 and 31 March 2018, provided that the holders are
      employees of the Group during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31
      March 2018 shall lapse.




40    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
     In March 2015, the tenth tranche of 28,000,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group (of which 736,000
     options have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company).
     A total of 6,220,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$4.55 per Share and the option holders
     may exercise the options between 1 April 2018 and 31 March 2019, provided that the holders are employees of the
     Group during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2019 shall
     lapse.

     In March 2016, the eleventh tranche of 28,500,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group and none of
     the grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company nor an associate of any of them. A
     total of 4,327,500 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$4.81 per Share and the option holders
     may exercise the options between 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020, provided that the holders are employees of the Group
     during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2020 shall lapse.

     In March 2017, the twelfth tranche of 29,264,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group and none of
     the grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company nor an associate of any of them. A
     total of 4,865,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$7.28 per Share and the option holders
     may exercise the options between 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021, provided that the holders are employees of the Group
     during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2021 shall lapse.

     In February 2018, the thirteenth tranche of 29,600,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group and none of
     the grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company nor an associate of any of them. A
     total of 2,186,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$11.74 per Share and the option holders
     may exercise the options between 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022, provided that the holders are employees of the Group
     during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2022 shall lapse.

     In February 2019, the fourteenth tranche of 33,900,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group and none
     of the grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company nor an associate of any of them.
     A total of 932,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$9.53 per Share and the option holders
     may exercise the options between 1 April 2022 to 31 March 2023, provided that the holders are employees of the Group
     during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2023 shall lapse.

     In March 2020, the fifteenth tranche of 32,000,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group and none of
     the grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company nor an associate of any of them. A
     total of 409,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$8.82 per Share and the option holders
     may exercise the options between 1 April 2023 to 31 March 2024, provided that the holders are employees of the Group
     during the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2024 shall lapse.


BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of Directors and senior management are set forth on pages 15 to 21 of this annual report.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020   41
Report of the Directors


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’ S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at 31 December 2020, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
the underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
section 352 of the SFO; or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Divisions 7 and 8
of Part XV of the SFO (including interests or short positions which the Directors or the chief executive were taken or deemed
to have under such provisions) and the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies (the “Model
Code”) contained in the Listing Rules, were as follows:

INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY
Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                        percentage of the
                                                                                          Number of     Company’s issued
Name of Directors               Nature of interest                                       Shares held         share capital

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.         Interest of a controlled corporation (Note a)            725,209,552               17.95%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)             49,636,000                 1.23%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note b)             12,530,000                 0.31%
                                Personal interest (Note c)                               129,804,000                 3.21%
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor              Interest of a controlled corporation (Note d)            266,766,456                 6.60%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)             49,636,000                 1.23%
                                Personal interest (Note e)                                39,086,000                 0.97%
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG              Interest of a controlled corporation (Note f)            246,932,579                 6.11%
  Ching Sai J.P.                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)             49,636,000                 1.23%
                                Personal interest                                          2,908,000                 0.07%
                                Personal interest (Note g)                               157,834,000                 3.91%
Mr. LI Ching Wai                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note h)            116,580,868                 2.89%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)             49,636,000                 1.23%
                                Personal interest                                          5,000,000                 0.12%
Mr. SZE Nang Sze                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note i)            105,928,781                 2.62%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)             49,636,000                 1.23%
                                Personal interest                                         11,490,000                 0.28%
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note j)             79,205,912                 1.96%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)             49,636,000                 1.23%
                                Personal interest                                          3,100,000                 0.08%
Mr. LI Ching Leung              Interest of a controlled corporation (Note k)             77,853,911                 1.93%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)             49,636,000                 1.23%
                                Personal interest                                          5,494,000                 0.14%
                                Personal interest (Note l)                                   400,000                 0.01%
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John        Personal interest                                             10,000              0.0002%
                                Personal interest (Note m)                                    90,000               0.002%




42    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Notes:

(a)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Realbest Investment Limited (“Realbest”), a company incorporated in the
         British Virgin Islands (the “BVI“) with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(b)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Xin Yuen Investment Limited (“Xin Yuen”), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability on 17 January 2019. Xin Yuen is 100% owned by Xin Wong Investment Limited (“Xin Wong”), a company
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability. Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. and 50% owned by his spouse, Madam
         TUNG Hai Chi.

(c)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(d)      Mr. TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through High Park Technology Limited (“High Park”), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Bor.

(e)      Mr. TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam KUNG Sau Wai.

(f)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through Copark Investment Limited (“Copark”), a company incorporated
         in the BVI with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P..

(g)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam SZE Tan Hung.

(h)      Mr. LI Ching Wai’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldbo International Limited (“Goldbo”), a company incorporated in the BVI
         with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(i)      Mr. SZE Nang Sze’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldpine Limited (“Goldpine”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(j)      Mr. NG Ngan Ho’s interests in the Shares are held through Linkall Investment Limited (“Linkall”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(k)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through Herosmart Holdings Limited (“Herosmart”), a company incorporated in the
         BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(l)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam DY Maria Lumin.

(m)      Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John’s interest in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam LAM Ying.

(n)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang Holdings Limited (“Full Guang”), a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability on 19 December 2005. Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. as to 33.98%, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri
         Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai. as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%,
         Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.




                                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020         43
Report of the Directors


INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                    Class and             percentage of
                                                                                     number of shares held               the associated
                                                                                           in the associated               corporation’s
Name of associated corporation                   Name of Director                                corporation        issued share capital

Realbest (Note o)                                Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                    2 ordinary shares                      100%
Xin Wong (Note p)                                Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                     1 ordinary share                        50%
High Park (Note q)                               Mr. TUNG Ching Bor                         2 ordinary shares                      100%
Copark (Note r)                                  Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.          2 ordinary shares                      100%
Goldbo (Note s)                                  Mr. LI Ching Wai                           2 ordinary shares                      100%
Linkall (Note t)                                 Mr. NG Ngan Ho                             2 ordinary shares                      100%
Goldpine (Note u)                                Mr. SZE Nang Sze                           2 ordinary shares                      100%
Herosmart (Note v)                               Mr. LI Ching Leung                         2 ordinary shares                      100%
Full Guang (Note w)                              Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.               734,000 ordinary shares                    33.98%
                                                 Mr. TUNG Ching Bor                    350,000 ordinary shares                    16.20%
                                                 Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.     350,000 ordinary shares                    16.20%
                                                 Mr. LI Ching Wai                      120,000 ordinary shares                     5.56%
                                                 Mr. NG Ngan Ho                         80,000 ordinary shares                     3.70%
                                                 Mr. SZE Nang Sze                      110,000 ordinary shares                     5.09%
                                                 Mr. LI Ching Leung                     80,000 ordinary shares                     3.70%


Notes :

(o)       Realbest is wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(p)       Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(q)       High Park is wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Bor.

(r)       Copark is wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.

(s)       Goldbo is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(t)       Linkall is wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(u)       Goldpine is wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(v)       Herosmart is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(w)       Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. as to 33.98%, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. as
          to 16.20%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to
          3.70%.




44        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive
of the Company had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in any of the Shares, underlying Shares and
debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which was
required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise
required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO and the
Model Code.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at 31 December 2020, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than Directors and chief executive of the
Company, in the Shares and the underlying Shares of the Company, as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3
of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO,
were as follows:


The Company
Long position in the Shares


                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                                       percentage of the
                                                         Number of                                                      Company’s issued
Name of Substantial Shareholders                        Shares held                            Nature of interest             share capital

Realbest                                                725,209,552              Registered and beneficial owner                    17.95%
High Park                                               266,766,456              Registered and beneficial owner                     6.60%
Copark                                                  246,932,579              Registered and beneficial owner                     6.11%
Telerich Investment Limited (Note)                      251,595,089              Registered and beneficial owner                     6.23%


Note: These Shares are registered in the name of Telerich Investment Limited, the entire issued share capital of which is beneficially owned by
      Mr. LEE Sing Din, brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, the Directors were not aware of any other person having an interests or short
positions in the Shares and the underlying Shares as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any controlling
shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules), if any, of the Company had any interest in a business, which competes or may
compete with the business of the Group.




                                                                                XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020           45
Report of the Directors


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2020, appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities
arising out of activities of the Group has been arranged by the Company. As of the date of this annual report, such insurance
covering remained effective.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate and
neither the Directors or the chief executive, nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe
for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentage of sales and purchases for continuing operation for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers and
suppliers are as follows:


Sales
– the largest customer                                                                                                      3.5%
– five largest customers in aggregate                                                                                       9.5%


Purchases
– the largest supplier                                                                                                     13.0%
– five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                                      26.7%

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any interest in the share capital of the Group’s five largest
customers and five largest suppliers.


BANK BORROWINGS

The total bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2020 amounted to HK$11,574.0 million (2019: HK$10,809.5
million). Particulars of the bank borrowings are set forth in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.


REWARD FOR EMPLOYEES

As at 31 December 2020, we employed 14,334 employees in the PRC, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Canada and Japan. Our employees
are remunerated with monthly salary, subject to annual review and discretionary bonuses. Our employees are also entitled,
subject to eligibility, to retirement fund and provident fund and to participate in the Share Option Scheme. We place strong
emphasis on nurturing a continuous learning culture amongst the employees and implement a variety of programs to promote
training.


46    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
RELATED PARTY/CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party/connected transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020 are set forth in note 32
to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

Please see the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” set forth in this annual report for details of our compliance with
the Corporate Governance Code.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established an audit committee, comprising five independent non-executive Directors, with written terms of
reference in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the audit committee are to review and
supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group and to provide comments and give advice
to the Board. The audit committee has reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company and audited consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company repurchased a total of 6,212,000 Shares on the Stock Exchange. The
repurchased shares were cancelled in 2020. Accordingly, the issued share capital of the Company was reduced by the nominal
value of these shares and the premium paid on these shares upon the repurchase were charged against share premium account.
An amount equivalent to the par value of the shares cancelled was transferred from the Company’s retained earnings to the
capital redemption reserve. The table below sets forth further information of such repurchase:


                                                             Number of                                                 Aggregate
                                                                  Shares of      Highest price      Lowest price    consideration
Month of Repurchase                                       HK$0.10 each          per Share HK$     per Share HK$      paid HK$’000

January 2020                                                  6,212,000                  10.60             10.40            65,300



SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float with at least 25% of the Shares held by the public as required
under the Listing Rules.




                                                                              XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020   47
Report of the Directors


EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2020 and up to the date of this annual report.


AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible,
offer themselves for re-appointement. A resolution will be proposed at the Annual General Meeting to re-appoint
PricewaterhouseCoopers and to authorise the Directors to fix its remuneration.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The Annual General Meeting will be held on Friday, 28 May 2021, at 21/F, Rykadan Capital Tower, 135 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun
Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, at 10:30 a.m. The notice convening the Annual General Meeting will be published on the
website of the Stock Exchange at www.hkex.com.hk and on the website of the Company at www.xinyiglass.com, and will be
despatched to the Shareholders in due course.




On Behalf of the Board
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman


Hong Kong, 1 March 2021




48   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

WHAT WE HAVE AUDITED
The consolidated financial statements of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out
on pages 54 to 161, which comprise:

•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2020;

•     the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.


OUR OPINION
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      49
Independent Auditor’s Report


INDEPENDENCE
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on the matter.

Key audit matter identified in our audit is summarised as follows:

•     Impairment of trade receivables

Key Audit Matter                                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables

Refer to Notes 2.10, 4 and 15 to the consolidated financial
statements.

As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of trade                 We obtained, understood and evaluated management’s
receivables of the Group amounting to approximately                  provision for loss allowance assessment, including the
HK$1,448,055,000. The Group made provision for loss                  methodology of the assessment.
allowance of trade receivables of approximately HK$37,444,000
                                                                     We read the management’s assessment for loss allowance and
based on an estimate of the recoverability of these receivables.
                                                                     agreed with management’s assessment result that certain loss
Provisions are made for loss allowance of trade receivables          allowance are being made.
where the Group expected the balances will not be collectible.
                                                                     On a sample basis, we evaluated management’s provision for
The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables requires
                                                                     loss allowance assessment by checking the key information
management judgements and estimations. Where the provision
                                                                     adopted in the provision for loss allowance assessment
for loss allowance is materially different from the actual debt
                                                                     to supportable evidence such as aging analysis, individual
that is not collectible, such difference will adversely impact
the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for loss
                                                                     customer’s creditability assessment, historical payment

allowance in the period in which such estimate has been              track records, looking forward factors, correspondence on

changed.                                                             any disputes or claims with the customers and subsequent
                                                                     settlement records to assess whether management judgements
                                                                     involved in determining the collectability of receivables are
                                                                     appropriate and the amount of loss allowance provided were
                                                                     supported by available evidence.




50    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the Corporate Information, Chairman’s Statement, Management’s Discussion and Analysis, Profile of Directors and
Senior Management, Report of the Directors, Corporate Governance Report and Financial Summary (but does not include the
consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon), which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report,
and the Environmental, Social and Governance Report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the Environmental, Social and Governance Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein,
we are required to communicate the matter to Audit Committee and take appropriate action considering our legal rights and
obligations.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        51
Independent Auditor’s Report


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
     higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
     or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
     in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
     to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
     disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
     concern.




52   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
      the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
      and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ho Kwok Fai.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 1 March 2021




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    53
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2020




                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                             Note         2020             2019
                                                                                       HK$’000        HK$’000

Assets
Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                            6      17,141,977    14,202,835
     Right-of-use assets                                                     6 (B)    3,813,922     3,593,739
     Investment properties                                                    7       1,734,122     1,671,971
     Prepayments for property, plant and equipment and right-of-use-assets    15       654,196        769,043
     Intangible assets                                                        8        484,375         65,334
     Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income        11        29,006         51,752
     Investments in associates                                                13      8,230,998     5,554,275
     Loans to an associate                                                    13             —             1,004
     Deferred income tax assets                                               21        41,790         39,023

                                                                                     32,130,386    25,948,976


Current assets
     Inventories                                                              14      2,496,254     2,044,629
     Loans to an associate                                                    13           657         32,681
     Trade and other receivables                                              15      4,916,167     3,085,866
     Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                   12       223,553                —
     Pledged bank deposits                                                    16        59,518         44,222
     Cash and cash equivalents                                                16      5,244,554     5,097,924

                                                                                     12,940,703    10,305,322


Total assets                                                                         45,071,089    36,254,298

Equity
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
     Share capital                                                            17       403,950        401,922
     Share premium                                                            17       535,560        388,161
     Other reserves                                                           18      3,661,450       867,623
     Retained earnings                                                        18     23,280,614    19,188,635

                                                                                     27,881,574    20,846,341
Non-controlling interests                                                               91,775         81,085


Total equity                                                                         27,973,349    20,927,426




54      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                                     Note             2020              2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
  Bank and other borrowings                                                           20         7,794,815         6,350,418
  Deferred income tax liabilities                                                     21           409,954           419,404
  Lease liabilities                                                                  6(B)           52,417             3,364
  Other payables                                                                      19           146,211           131,996

                                                                                                 8,403,397         6,905,182


Current liabilities
  Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                      19         3,917,129         3,349,206
  Current income tax liabilities                                                                   967,180           609,661
  Lease liabilities                                                                  6(B)           30,841             3,730
  Bank and other borrowings                                                           20         3,779,193         4,459,093

                                                                                                 8,694,343         8,421,690


Total liabilities                                                                               17,097,740       15,326,872


Total equity and liabilities                                                                    45,071,089       36,254,298


The financial statements on pages 54 to 161 were approved by the Board of Directors on 1 March 2021 and were signed on its
behalf.




LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                                                  TUNG Ching Bor
Chairman                                                             Vice-chairman




The notes on pages 62 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   55
Consolidated Income Statement
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                   Note               2020           2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000

Revenue                                                                              5          18,615,879     16,258,489
Cost of sales                                                                       22          (10,844,444)   (10,375,212)

Gross profit                                                                                     7,771,435      5,883,277
Other income                                                                        24             463,961        528,684
Other gains - net                                                                   25             888,996        778,182
Selling and marketing costs                                                         22            (958,661)      (939,680)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                         22           (1,804,735)    (1,692,329)

Operating profit                                                                                 6,360,996      4,558,134
Finance income                                                                      26              37,773         91,989
Finance costs                                                                       26            (192,768)      (273,920)
Share of profits of associates                                                      13           1,124,341        639,608

Profit before income tax                                                                         7,330,342      5,015,811
Income tax expense                                                                  27            (899,083)      (533,132)

Profit for the year                                                                              6,431,259      4,482,679

Profit attributable to:
     – Equity holders of the Company                                                             6,422,213      4,477,792
     – Non-controlling interests                                                                     9,046          4,887

Profit for the year                                                                              6,431,259      4,482,679

Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the
     Company during the year (expressed in Hong Kong cents per share)
     – Basic                                                                        28              159.49         111.77
     – Diluted                                                                      28              158.84         111.43




The notes on pages 62 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



56      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
               Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                For the Year Ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                                         2020               2019
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

Profit for the year                                                                                 6,431,259          4,482,679
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
  Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other
    comprehensive (loss)/income                                                                       (22,746)            13,239
  Deregistration of a subsidiary                                                                            —               (546)
  Disposal of interest in an associate                                                                      —             12,421
  Dilution of interest in an associate                                                                 14,050              6,100
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
  Currency translation differences                                                                  1,945,649           (533,528)
  Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of investments accounted
    for using the equity method                                                                       408,834            (95,041)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             8,777,046          3,885,324

Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
  – Equity holders of the Company                                                                   8,765,710          3,880,512
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                          11,336              4,812

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                             8,777,046          3,885,324




The notes on pages 62 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     57
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020




                                                             Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                  Non-
                                                          Share        Share        Other      Retained                     controlling        Total
                                                Note     capital    premium       reserves      earnings           Total      interests       equity
                                                        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

Balance at 1 January 2020                               401,922      388,161       867,623    19,188,635    20,846,341          81,085    20,927,426

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                          —             —            —      6,422,213     6,422,213           9,046     6,431,259
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets at
  fair value through other comprehensive loss    11          —             —       (22,746)           —          (22,746)           —        (22,746)
Currency translation differences                             —             —     1,943,359            —      1,943,359           2,290     1,945,649
Dilution of interest in an associate                         —             —        14,050            —          14,050             —        14,050
Share of other comprehensive income
  of investments accounted for using
  the equity method                              13          —             —       408,834            —       408,834               —       408,834

Total comprehensive income                                   —             —     2,343,497     6,422,213     8,765,710          11,336     8,777,046

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                 17(A)     2,649      212,078       (32,153)           —       182,574               —       182,574
  – value of employee services                  17(A)        —             —        44,514            —          44,514             —        44,514
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture
     of share options                                        —             —          (131)         131               —             —             —
Repurchase and cancellation of shares           17(B)      (621)      (64,679)         621          (621)        (65,300)           —        (65,300)
Transfer to reserve                             18(a)        —             —       437,479      (437,479)             —             —             —
Dividends relating to 2019                                   —             —            —     (1,206,344)   (1,206,344)             —     (1,206,344)
Dividends relating to 2020                       29          —             —            —       (685,921)     (685,921)             —       (685,921)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                  —             —            —             —               —           (646)         (646)

Total transactions with owners                            2,028      147,399       450,330    (2,330,234)   (1,730,477)           (646)   (1,731,123)

Balance at 31 December 2020                             403,950      535,560     3,661,450    23,280,614    27,881,574          91,775    27,973,349




58      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                             Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                   Non-
                                                        Share         Share          Other       Retained                     controlling        Total
                                              Note     capital     premium         reserves      earnings            Total      interests       equity
                                                      HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000

Balance at 1 January 2019                             399,320       249,821       938,284     17,037,302     18,624,727          77,534     18,702,261

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                        —             —              —      4,477,792         4,477,792        4,887      4,482,679
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets
  at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                         11          —             —          13,239             —           13,239             —        13,239
Currency translation differences                           —             —        (533,453)            —          (533,453)          (75)     (533,528)
Deregistration of a subsidiary                             —             —            (546)            —              (546)           —           (546)
Disposal of interest in an associate                       —             —          12,421             —           12,421             —        12,421
Dilution of interest in an associate                       —             —           6,100             —             6,100            —          6,100
Share of other comprehensive loss of
  investments accounted for using
  the equity method                            13          —             —         (95,041)            —           (95,041)           —        (95,041)

Total comprehensive income                                 —             —        (597,280)    4,477,792         3,880,512        4,812      3,885,324

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued               17(A)     2,902       163,343        (29,379)            —          136,866             —       136,866
  – value of employee services                17(A)        —             —          41,549             —           41,549             —        41,549
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture of
     share options                                         —             —             (26)            26               —             —             —
Repurchase and cancellation of shares         17(B)      (300)      (25,003)           300           (300)         (25,303)           —        (25,303)
Transfer to reserve                           18(a)        —             —        242,251       (242,251)               —             —             —
Dividends relating to 2018                                 —             —              —     (1,082,087)    (1,082,087)              —     (1,082,087)
Dividends relating to 2019                     29          —             —              —     (1,001,847)    (1,001,847)              —     (1,001,847)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                —             —              —              —                —         (1,261)       (1,261)
Share of gain on changes in ownership
  in subsidiaries of an associate              13          —             —        271,924              —          271,924             —       271,924

Total transactions with owners                          2,602       138,340       526,619     (2,326,459)    (1,658,898)          (1,261)   (1,660,159)

Balance at 31 December 2019                           401,922       388,161       867,623     19,188,635     20,846,341          81,085     20,927,426




The notes on pages 62 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements



                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                   59
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020




                                                                                   Note         2020          2019
                                                                                            HK$’000        HK$’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                     30(a)   5,348,347     4,689,444
Interest paid                                                                               (253,988)     (343,620)
Income tax paid                                                                             (590,030)     (566,703)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                               4,504,329     3,779,121


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                  (3,199,029)   (2,874,715)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                               (415,489)            —
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                            30(b)      28,727        10,026
Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                                    30(c)      22,986             —
Additions to investment property                                                                   —        (32,229)
Payment for right-of-use assets in relation to land use right                                  (1,011)      (37,416)
Payment for right-of-use assets in relation to building                                      (13,433)            —
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                          (288,444)     (403,614)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss             144,641       542,167
Proceeds from disposal of equity interest in an associate                                          —     1,164,456
Addition to investment in an associate                                              13      (374,323)     (798,226)
Dividends received from associates                                                  13       402,128       227,274
Loan repayment from an associate                                                              33,118         2,425
Increase in pledged bank deposits                                                            (15,296)       (30,089)
Decrease in fixed deposits                                                                         —        79,699
Interest received                                                                             37,773        91,989

Net cash used in investing activities                                                      (3,637,652)   (2,058,253)




60    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
                                                                                   Note               2020              2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                                                          6,785,000         5,850,000
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                                          (6,020,503)       (5,009,863)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                     (13,624)           (2,796)
Shares repurchased and cancelled                                                                   (65,300)          (25,303)
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares by share options                                     182,574           136,866
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                                   (1,892,265)       (2,083,934)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                           (646)           (1,261)

Net cash used in financing activities                                                           (1,024,764)       (1,136,291)


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                              (158,087)          584,577
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                           5,097,924         4,598,506
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                               304,717           (85,159)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                            16           5,244,554         5,097,924




The notes on pages 62 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   61
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


1    GENERAL INFORMATION

     Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) were principally engaged in the
     production and sales of float glass, automobile glass, architectural glass products, which were carried out internationally,
     through the production complexes located in Mainland China (the “PRC”) and Malaysia in 2020.

     The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate
     Information” section to the annual report.

     The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company are listed on
     The Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

     These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These consolidated
     financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 1 March 2021.


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
     These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
           The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
           Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and in compliance
           with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622). The consolidated financial
           statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at fair value through
           other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (“FVTPL”) and investment
           properties, which are measured at fair values.

           The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting
           estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
           policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
           are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.




62   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
        (a)   The following new standards and amendments to existing standards are mandatory for accounting
              periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020. The adoption of these new standards and amendments
              to existing standards does not have any significant impact to the results and financial position of the
              Group:


              Conceptual Framework for                        Revised Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
                Financial Reporting 2018
              HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 (Amendments)                  Definition of Material
              HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                            Definition of a Business
              HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9 and HKAS 39                    Hedge Accounting
                (Amendments)



        (b)   New standards and amendments to existing standards have been issued but are not effective for the
              financial year beginning on 1 January 2020 and have not been early adopted:

                                                                                                            Effective for
                                                                                                      accounting periods
                                                                                                              beginning
                                                                                                              on or after

              HKFRS 16 (Amendments)            Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions                             1 June 2020
              HKFRS 17                         Insurance Contract                                          1 January 2023
              HKFRS 3, HKAS 16 and             Narrow-Scope Amendments                                     1 January 2022
                HKAS 37 (Amendments)
              Annual Improvements Project      Annual Improvements 2018 – 2020 Cycle                       1 January 2022
              HKAS 1 (Amendments)              Classification of Liabilities as Current or                 1 January 2023
                                                 Non-current
              HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28             Sale or Contribution of Assets between                   To be determined
                (Amendments)                     an Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   63
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 SUBSIDIARIES
          Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
          an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
          has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
          consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
          control ceases.


          (a)   Business combinations
                The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether
                equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                comprises the:

                •     fair values of the assets transferred,

                •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business,

                •     equity interests issued by the Group,

                •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

                •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

                Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
                limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-
                controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the
                non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.

                Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                The excess of the:

                •     consideration transferred,

                •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

                •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

                over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than
                the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised directly in
                profit or loss as a bargain purchase.




64   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
        (a)   Business combinations (Continued)
              Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
              discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental
              borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier
              under comparable terms and conditions.

              Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
              liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated
              income statement.

              If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
              held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses
              arising from such remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
              eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
              of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
              consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
              income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in
              equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.


        (b)   Changes in ownership interests
              The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
              transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
              between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests
              in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any
              consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the
              Company.

              When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control or
              significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in
              carrying amount recognised in the consolidated income statement. This fair value becomes the initial carrying
              amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate or financial
              asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity
              are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that
              amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to the consolidated income
              statement or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       65
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
          (c)   Separate financial statements
                Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs
                of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received
                and receivable.

                Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


     2.3 ASSOCIATES
          Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is
          generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are
          accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.

          Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter
          to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in the consolidated
          income statement, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other
          comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying
          amount of the investment.

          When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
          including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
          incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

          Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
          interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
          impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where
          necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

          Gains and losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

          If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share
          of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the consolidated income
          statement where appropriate.

          The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in an
          associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between
          the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount adjacent to “share of
          profits of associates” in the consolidated income statement.




66   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 SEGMENT REPORTING
       Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
       decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
       performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that makes
       strategic decisions.


    2.5 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
       (a)   Functional and presentation currency
             Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
             the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
             financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the Company’s functional and the
             Group’s presentation currency.


       (b)   Transactions and balances
             Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
             at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses
             resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of
             monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated income
             statement.

             Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated income statement within “Other gains -
             net”.

             Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency classified as FVOCI are
             analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other
             changes in the carrying amount of the security. Translation differences related to changes in amortised cost
             are recognised in the consolidated income statement, and other changes in carrying amount are recognised in
             other comprehensive income.

             Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets and liabilities such as equities held at FVTPL are
             recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences
             on non-monetary financial assets such as equities classified as FVOCI are included in other comprehensive
             income.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     67
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.5 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION (Continued)
          (c)   Group companies
                The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of
                        that balance sheet;

                (ii)    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                        this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                        transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                        transactions); and

                (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
                liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


     2.6 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          Freehold land is stated at historical cost less subsequent impairment losses.

          Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less
          depreciation and impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition
          of the items.

          Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
          only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
          of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
          derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement
          during the financial period in which they are incurred.

          Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values, over their
          estimated useful lives, as follows:

          – Buildings                                                   20-30 years
          – Plant and machinery                                         5-20 years
          – Office equipment                                            3-7 years

          The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
          period.




68   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.6 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
        Construction in progress represents buildings and plants, plant and machinery on which construction work has not
        been completed and which, upon completion, management intends to hold for production purposes. Construction
        in progress is carried at cost which includes development and construction expenditure incurred and interest
        and other direct costs attributable to the development less any accumulated impairment losses. On completion,
        construction in progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment.

        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
        greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.9).

        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
        recognised within “Other gains - net” in the consolidated income statement.


    2.7 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
        Investment properties, principally comprising leasehold lands and office buildings, are held for long-term rental
        yields, capital appreciation or both, and that are not occupied by the Group. They also include properties that
        are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties. Investment properties are initially
        measured at cost, including related transaction costs and interest expense capitalised. After initial recognition at cost
        investment properties are carried at fair value, representing open market value determined at each reporting date by
        external valuers. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature,
        location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group uses alternative valuation
        methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow projections. Changes in fair values are
        recorded in the consolidated income statement as fair value gain or loss in “Other gains - net”.


    2.8 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
       (a)   Goodwill
              Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the
              amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous
              equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired.

              Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
              tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
              be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an
              entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

              Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to
              those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business
              combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at
              which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      69
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.8 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
          (b)   Trademark, customer relationship and patent
                Trademark, customer relationship and patent acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value
                at the acquisition date. Trademark, customer relationship and patent have a finite useful life and are carried
                at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line
                method to allocate the cost of trademark, customer relationship and patent over their estimated useful lives of
                3 - 20 years.


          (c)   Float glass production capacity
                Float glass production capacity acquired from external parties are recognised at fair value at the acquisition
                date. The management considered that the float glass production capacity has indefinite useful life because it
                is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. It has no foreseeable limit to the period over which
                the Group can use to generate net cash flows. The float glass production capacity will not be amortised
                until its useful life is determined to be finite. Float glass production capacity is subjected to impairment test
                annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is
                carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

                Float glass production capacity is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing.
                The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to
                benefit from the using of the float glass production capacity. The units or groups of units are identified at the
                lowest level at which float glass production capacity is monitored for internal management purposes, being
                the operating segments.


     2.9 IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS
          Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
          annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
          impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
          carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
          carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
          costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
          for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are highly independent of the cash inflows from
          other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
          impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.




70   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.10 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
       (a)   Classification
             The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

             •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through
                   profit or loss), and

             •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

             The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
             contractual terms of the cash flows.

             For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in the consolidated income statement
             or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will
             depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account
             for the equity investment at FVOCI.

             The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
             changes.


       (b)   Recognition and derecognition
             Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
             commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows
             from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all
             the risks and rewards of ownership.


       (c)   Measurement
             At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
             not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
             costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in consolidated income statement.

             Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
             cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        71
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.10 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
          (c)   Measurement (Continued)
                Debt instruments

                Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
                and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
                classifies its debt instruments:

                •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                      represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from
                      these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                      loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in the consolidated income statement and presented
                      in “Other gains - net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented
                      as separate line item in the consolidated income statement.

                •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
                      where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at
                      FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for
                      the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
                      which are recognised in consolidated income statement. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                      cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity
                      to the consolidated income statement and recognised in “Other gains - net”. Interest income from these
                      financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange
                      gains and losses are presented in “Other gains - net” and impairment expenses are presented as separate
                      line item in the consolidated income statement.

                      At initial recognition, an entity may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive
                      income subsequent changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument within the scope
                      of HKFRS 9 that is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a
                      business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies. If an entity makes the election, changes in fair value
                      recognised in other comprehensive income will not reclassified to profit and loss.

                •     FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or
                      loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in consolidated income
                      statement and presented within “Other gains - net” in the period in which it arises.




72   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.10 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
       (c)   Measurement (Continued)
             Equity instruments

              The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has
              elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is
              no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the consolidated income statement following
              the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in the
              consolidated income statement as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

              Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in “Other gains - net” or “Other income”
              in the consolidated income statement as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
              equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

              Details on how the fair value of financial instruments is determined are disclosed in Note 3.3.


       (d)   Impairment
              The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
              carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has
              been a significant increase in credit risk.

              For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
              expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.


    2.11 OFFSETTING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount are reported in the consolidated balance sheet when the
        Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net
        basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent
        on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
        bankruptcy of the Company or counterparties.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      73
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.12 INVENTORIES
          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
          method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs
          and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable
          value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs necessary to make the
          sale.


     2.13 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
          Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold in the ordinary course of business. If collection of
          trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer),
          they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

          Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
          they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade
          receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at
          amortised cost using the effective interest method.


     2.14 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
          Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly liquid
          investments with original maturities of three months or less, less pledged bank deposits.


     2.15 SHARE CAPITAL
          Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

          Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net
          of tax, from the proceeds.

          Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid,
          including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
          Company’s equity holders until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently
          reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related
          income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.




74   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.16 BORROWINGS
       Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
       carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
       is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
       method.

       Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it
       is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
       occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down,
       the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
       relates.

       Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
       cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished
       or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities
       assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

       Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
       liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.


    2.17 BORROWINGS COSTS
       General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
       assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
       are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or
       sale.

       Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
       qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

       All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     75
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.18 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
          The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
          on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
          attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

          The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated income
          statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
          equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


          (a)   Current income tax
                The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the company and its subsidiaries and associates
                operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
                respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is
                probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances
                either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides a better
                prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.


          (b)   Deferred income tax
                Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
                the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
                However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
                Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
                nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted
                or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related
                deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

                The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
                assuming the property will be recovered either through sale or through use.

                Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise
                those temporary differences and losses.

                Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
                and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing of the
                reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
                future.




76   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.18 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
       (c)   Offsetting
              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
              and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
              tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on
              a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


       (d)   Investment allowances and similar tax incentives
              Companies within the Group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in qualifying
              assets or in relation to qualifying expenditure (e.g. investment allowances). The Group accounts for such
              allowances as tax credits, which means that the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax
              expense. A deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that are carried forward as deferred tax
              assets.


    2.19 PROVISIONS
        Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it
        is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably
        estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
        determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
        outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures required to settle
        the obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax
        rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The
        increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      77
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.20 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
          (a)   Pension obligations
                The Group participates in a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in
                separate trustee-administered funds. The pension plans are generally funded by payments from employees and
                by the relevant group companies. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays
                fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                contribution if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee
                services in the current and prior periods. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                have been paid.

                The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
                recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


          (b)   Employee leave entitlements
                Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made
                for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the
                reporting period.

                Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


          (c)   Profit-sharing and bonus plans
                The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing, based on a formula that
                takes into consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
                Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a
                constructive obligation.




78   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.21 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
       (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
             The Group operates a number of equity-settled, share-based compensation plans, under which the entity
             receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Group. The fair value
             of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The
             total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

             •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

             •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                   profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period);
                   and

             •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to save).

             Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options that are expected to
             vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified
             vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

             At the end of each reporting period, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected
             to vest based on the non-market vesting conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original
             estimates, if any, in the consolidated income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

             When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
             attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium when the
             options are exercised.


       (b)   Share-based payment transactions among group entities
             The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
             in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
             reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
             subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity.


    2.22 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
       These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
       which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30-90 days of recognition. Trade and
       other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting
       period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
       effective interest method.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       79
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.23 FINANCIAL GUARANTEE
          Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The liability is
          initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

          •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
                Instruments; and

          •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
                accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

          The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows
          between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be required
          without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.

          Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the fair
          values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


     2.24 GOVERNMENT GRANTS
          Grants from the government are recognised at their fair values where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
          will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

          Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated income statement over the
          period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

          Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are initially included in liabilities as
          deferred government grants and when such property, plant and equipment are built or purchased, the received
          government grants are netted off with cost of the related assets.


     2.25 REVENUE RECOGNITION
          The Group manufactures and sells glass products. Revenue from sales of glass products are recognised when control
          of the products has transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled
          obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have
          been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customers,
          and either the customers has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions
          have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

          Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract. No element of financing is
          deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 to 90 days, which is consistent with market practice.

          Receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration become
          unconditional and only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.




80   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.26 LEASES
        Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
        available for use by the Group.

        Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
        lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by
        the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the
        net present value of the following lease payments:

        •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

        •      variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
               commencement date

        •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees

        •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

        •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
        liability.

        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
        determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
        being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
        similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

        To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

        •      where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted
               to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

        •      uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the
               Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

        •      makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

        If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or market
        data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a starting point to
        determine the incremental borrowing rate.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       81
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.26 LEASES (Continued)
          Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
          the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
          each period.

          Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

          •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

          •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

          •     any initial direct costs, and

          •     restoration costs.

          Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
          a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
          depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

          Payments associated with short-term leases are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss.
          Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

          Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in other income on a straight-line basis
          over the lease term (Note 6(B)). The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet based on their nature.


     2.27 DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
          Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial
          statements and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
          Company’s shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


     2.28 INTEREST INCOME
          Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost, calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in
          the consolidated income statement as part of other income.

          Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
          management purposes (Note 26). Any other interest income is included in other income.

          Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
          except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective
          interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).




82   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS
       The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, and cash
       flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk, price risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
       programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on
       the Group’s financial performance.


       (a)   Market risk
             (i)    Foreign exchange risk

                    The Group mainly operates in the PRC and Hong Kong with most of the transactions denominated and
                    settled in Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”) and HK$. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial
                    transactions, acquired assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations. The Group
                    manages its foreign exchange risks by performing regular reviews and arranges hedges against foreign
                    exchange exposures when considered necessary. Details of the Group’s trade and other receivables,
                    pledged bank deposits, fixed deposits, cash and bank balances, trade and other payables, and bank and
                    other borrowings are disclosed in Notes 15, 16, 19 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

                    As at 31 December 2020, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% (2019: 5%) against the HK$ with
                    all other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                    HK$123,000 (2019: HK$936,000) higher/lower mainly as a result of foreign exchange gains/losses on
                    translation of RMB-denominated cash and bank balances.


             (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

                    The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly attributable to its cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits,
                    pledged bank deposits and bank and other borrowings. Financial assets and liabilities at variable rates
                    expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Financial assets and liabilities at fixed rates expose the
                    Group to fair value interest rate risk. Details of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits,
                    pledged bank deposits and bank and other borrowings have been disclosed in Notes 16 and 20 to the
                    consolidated financial statements.

                    As at 31 December 2020, if HK$ interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged
                    bank deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2019: 25) basis points higher/lower with all
                    other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                    HK$23,970,000 (2019: HK$22,366,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest
                    expense on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (a)   Market risk (Continued)
                (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)

                       As at 31 December 2020, if RMB interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and
                       pledged bank deposits had been 25 (2019: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held
                       constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$9,290,000 (2019:
                       HK$9,227,000) higher/lower, mainly as a result of higher/lower interest income on bank deposits.

                       As at 31 December 2020, if USD interest rates on cash and bank balances and pledged bank deposits
                       had been 25 (2019: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant, profit after
                       income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$1,333,000 (2019: HK$1,072,000) higher/
                       lower, mainly as a result of higher net interest income on cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank
                       deposits.


          (b)   Credit risk
                The Group’s credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged bank deposits, trade and
                other receivables and loans to an associate and cash flows from derivative financial instruments. Management
                has a credit policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis. The
                carrying amounts of these balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to
                financial assets which are stated as follows:

                                                                                                     2020                 2019
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

                Cash and cash equivalents at bank                                               5,239,532          5,094,711
                Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                    59,518             44,222
                Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                      3,979,125          2,377,455
                Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                                        657            33,685

                Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                 9,278,832          7,550,073




84   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
              As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, most of the bank deposits are deposited with reputable banks in Hong
              Kong and state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of cash and bank balances has been assessed
              by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. The
              existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past.

              In respect of trade and other receivables and loans to an associate, the Group has policies in place to ensure
              that the loans or sales of products are made to counterparties or customers with appropriate credit history and
              the Group performs credit evaluations of these counterparties and its customers.

              The credit period of the majority of the Group’s trade receivables is within 90 days and largely comprises
              amounts receivable from business customers.

              There is some concentration of credit risks of the Group (Note 15(b)).

              In order to minimise the credit risks, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
              determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
              actions are taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount
              of each individual trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision for expected credit losses are made for
              irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

              The Group has the following financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

              •     cash and cash equivalents at bank

              •     fixed deposits

              •     pledged bank deposits

              •     trade and other receivables

              •     loans to an associate

              While cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and pledged bank deposits are also subject to the impairment
              requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       85
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                Trade receivables

                The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
                expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

                To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on aging.

                The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 month before 31
                December 2020 and 2019 respectively and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within
                this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
                macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

                On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 was determined as follows for trade
                receivables:

                                                      0 - 90     91 - 180   181 - 365           1-2         Over
                31 December 2020                       days          days        days          years      2 years       Total

                Expected loss rate                       0%          0%           0%           21%         100%
                Gross carrying amount
                  (HK$’000)                      1,127,390       157,229       69,325         71,836      22,275    1,448,055
                Loss allowance (HK$’000)                 —             —            —         15,169      22,275      37,444


                                                      0 - 90     91 - 180   181 - 365           1-2         Over
                31 December 2019                       days          days         days         years      2 years       Total

                Expected loss rate                       0%          0%           0%           30%         100%
                Gross carrying amount
                  (HK$’000)                      1,003,803       166,458      185,198         77,939      18,096    1,451,494
                Loss allowance (HK$’000)                 —             —            —         23,385      18,096      41,481


                Movements of loss allowance of trade receivables are set out in Note 15(b).




86   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
              Trade receivables (Continued)

              Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there
              is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a
              repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than 2
              years past due.

              Impairment losses on trade receivables and contract assets are presented as net impairment losses within
              operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
              item.

              Most of the bills receivables are issued from state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of bills
              receivables has been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the
              counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, expected
              credit loss rate of bills receivables are assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made as at 31
              December 2020 and 2019.

              For other financial assets at amortised cost, management considers that their credit risk has not increased
              significantly since initial recognition with reference to the counterparty historical default rate and current
              financial position. The impairment provision is determined based on the 12-month expected credit losses
              which is close to zero.


        (c)   Price risk
              The Group’s exposure to equity securities price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in
              the consolidated balance sheet as financial assets at FVOCI (Note 11) and financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12).

              The Group does not have formal policy to manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities.

              With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVOCI measured at fair value
              had been 10% higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31 December 2020
              would increase/decrease by approximately HK$2,901,000 (2019: HK$5,175,000).

              With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVTPL measured at fair value
              had been 10% higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31 December 2020
              would increase/decrease by approximately HK$22,355,000.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (d)   Liquidity risk
                Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities, the availability
                of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability to close out market
                positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the Group aims to maintain flexibility in
                funding by keeping committed credit lines available.

                The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
                on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
                disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
                carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                             Less than          Between            Between
                                                                1 year      1 and 2 years      2 and 5 years             Total
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000

                At 31 December 2020
                Bank borrowings and
                  interest payables                         3,889,688           4,562,801         3,314,476        11,766,965
                Trade and other payables excluding
                  non-financial liabilities                 2,789,489                146,211              —         2,935,700
                Lease liabilities                               33,855                26,303         27,378             87,536

                Total                                       6,713,032           4,735,315         3,341,854        14,790,201


                                                              Less than          Between            Between
                                                                 1 year     1 and 2 years      2 and 5 years              Total
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000

                At 31 December 2019
                Bank borrowings and
                  interest payables                         4,781,687           3,178,903         3,440,432        11,401,022
                Trade and other payables excluding
                  non-financial liabilities                 2,513,941                131,996              —         2,645,937
                Lease liabilities                                4,045                 2,129          1,483              7,657

                Total                                       7,299,673           3,313,028         3,441,915        14,054,616




88   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.2 CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
       The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
       in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
       structure to reduce the cost of capital.

       In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group will consider the macro economic conditions,
       prevailing borrowing rate in the market and adequacy of cash flows generating from operations and may raise
       funding through capital market or bank borrowings as necessary.

       Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
       calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including “current and non-
       current borrowings” as shown in the consolidated balance sheet) less cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and
       pledged bank deposits.

       The gearing ratios at 31 December 2020 and 2019 were as follows:

                                                                                                    2020               2019
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000

       Total bank and other borrowings (Note 20) and lease liabilities (Note 6(B))           11,657,266         10,816,605
       Less: cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and
               pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                (5,304,072)        (5,142,146)

       Net debt                                                                                6,353,194         5,674,459

       Total equity                                                                          27,973,349         20,927,426

       Gearing ratio                                                                              22.7%              27.1%




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION
          The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have
          been defined as follows:

          •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

          •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level
                3).

          The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities (other than investments properties disclosed in Note 7)
          that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2020 and 2019.

                                                                    Level 1              Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

          At 31 December 2020
          Assets
          Financial assets at FVOCI
             – Equity securities                                     29,006                    —              —           29,006
          Financial assets at FVTPL
             – Equity securities                                   223,553                     —              —          223,553


                                                                     Level 1              Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000

          At 31 December 2019
          Assets
          Financial assets at FVOCI
             – Equity securities                                     51,752                    —              —           51,752


          There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.




90   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Continued)
          The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the balance
          sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an exchange,
          dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly
          occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market prices for financial assets at FVOCI and
          FVTPL used by the Group are the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

          The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
          derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
          market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs
          required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

          If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3.

          Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

          •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.

          •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the remaining
                financial instruments.


4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

    Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
    expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
    seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
    adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.


    (A) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
         (i)   Useful lives
                The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its
                property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of
                these assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations
                and competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions. Management will increase the
                depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down
                technically obsolete or non- strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


4    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

     (A) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
          (ii)   Impairment assessment
                 Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
                 indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amounts have been determined
                 based on value-in-use calculations, taking into account the latest market information, past experience and the
                 sustainability of the financial performance in the foreseeable future.


     (B) IMPAIRMENT OF TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
          The Group makes provision for expected credit losses of trade and other receivables based on an estimate of the
          recoverability of these receivables. Provisions are applied to trade and other receivables where events or changes
          in circumstances indicate that the balances may not be collectible. The identification of impairment of trade and
          other receivables requires the use of estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
          difference will impact the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for expected credit losses in the period in
          which such estimate has been changed.

          The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
          Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based
          on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each
          reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).


     (C) CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
          The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
          the worldwide provision for income taxes and the timing of the related payments. There are many transactions and
          calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the
          final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
          impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.

          Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
          tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
          income tax liabilities of the Group mainly arise from fair value gain from investment properties and unremitted
          earnings of the PRC subsidiaries. The realisability of the deferred income tax liabilities and assets mainly depends
          on its subsidiaries’ dividend pay-out ratio and whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary differences will
          be available in the future, whichever is applicable. In cases where the actual dividend pay-out ratio is more than
          expected or future profits generated are less than expected, such difference will impact the income taxes in the
          periods in which such estimates have been changed.




92   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

    (D) FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
          Investment properties are carried at their fair values at 31 December 2020 amounting to HK$$1,734,122,000
          (2019: HK$1,671,971,000). The fair values were based on valuation on these properties conducted by independent
          professionally qualified valuers using property valuation techniques which involve certain assumptions of market
          conditions. Favorable or unfavorable changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of
          the Group’s investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss recognised in the
          consolidated income statement. Information about the valuation of investment properties is provided in Note 7.


5   SEGMENT INFORMATION

    Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the executive directors that are
    used to make strategic decisions.

    The executive directors consider the business from an operational perspective. Generally, the executive directors consider
    the performance of business of each operating segment within the Group separately. Thus, each business within the
    Group is an individual operating segment.

    Among these operating segments, they are aggregated into three segments based on the products sold: (1) float glass; (2)
    automobile glass; and (3) architectural glass.

    Due to the change in market trend and operational perspective, the Group has reclassified the semi-finished large sheet
    low emission coating glass (“Low-E glass”) business from architectural glass segment to float glass segment during the
    year of 2020. Low-E glass, the energy saving glass with a metallic coating from float glass, is considered to have more
    similar economic characteristics to float glass segment, including the type and class of customers, key performance
    indicators of the operating results and chief decision maker. The Group has adopted the new segment reporting format
    effective from the year ended 31 December 2020. The comparative segment information has been re-presented to reflect
    changes of reclassification of the Low-E glass business.

    The executive directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit. The Group
    does not allocate operating costs to its segments as this information is not reviewed by the executive directors.

    Sales between segments are carried out at terms mutually agreed by both parties. The revenue from external parties
    reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated income statement.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
     December 2020 is as follows:

                                                                         Automobile Architectural
                                                           Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated           Total
                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

     Segment revenue                                       14,169,688       4,608,976      2,212,161               —    20,990,825
     Inter-segment revenue                                 (2,374,946)              —               —              —    (2,374,946)

     Revenue from external customers (Note)               11,794,742       4,608,976       2,212,161               —    18,615,879
     Cost of sales                                         (7,170,288)    (2,432,070)     (1,242,086)              — (10,844,444)

     Gross profit                                          4,624,454       2,176,906         970,075               —     7,771,435

     Depreciation charge
       – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)              820,080        144,532         102,105            2,322    1,069,039
       – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         37,590           6,167           1,236         53,774       98,767
     Amortisation charge
       – intangible assets (Note 22)                                —           1,791               —              —         1,791
     Increase in provision for loss allowance,
       net (Note 22)                                                —           3,130         12,750               —       15,880
     Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —      1,124,341     1,124,341


     Note:

     The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2020 have been recognised at point in time.




94   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                    Assets and liabilities
                                                                         Automobile Architectural
                                                          Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated              Total
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000

    Total assets                                          20,203,797       7,134,112      2,079,505      15,653,675       45,071,089

    Total assets included:
      Investments in associates (Note 13)                          —               —               —         8,230,998     8,230,998
      Loan to an associate (Note 13)                               —               —               —              657            657
      Investment properties (Note 7)                               —               —               —         1,734,122     1,734,122
    Additions to non-current assets
      (other than financial assets at FVOCI)               3,337,087         137,519        109,050           235,709      3,819,365

    Total liabilities                                      2,138,481       1,150,421      1,013,840      12,794,998       17,097,740


    The re-presented segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the
    year ended 31 December 2019 is as follows:

                                                                          Automobile    Architectural
                                                           Float glass          glass           glass    Unallocated            Total
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000

    Segment revenue                                       11,596,590       4,502,599      2,110,427                —      18,209,616
    Inter-segment revenue                                 (1,951,127)              —               —               —      (1,951,127)

    Revenue from external customers (Note)                9,645,463       4,502,599       2,110,427                —     16,258,489
    Cost of sales                                         (6,798,905)     (2,413,214)    (1,163,093)               —     (10,375,212)

    Gross profit                                          2,846,558       2,089,385         947,334                —      5,883,277

    Depreciation charge
      – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)              774,369        124,708          82,871             5,779       987,727
      – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         21,225           4,798           3,696           54,666        84,385
    Amortisation charge
      – intangible assets (Note 22)                                —           2,119               —               —           2,119
    Increase in provision for loss allowance,
      net (Note 22)                                                —             315           4,659               —           4,974
    Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —          639,608       639,608


    Note:

    The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2019 have been recognised at point in time.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     The re-presented segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the
     year ended 31 December 2019 is as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                   Assets and liabilities
                                                                        Automobile     Architectural
                                                          Float glass          glass           glass        Unallocated        Total
                                                           HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000       HK$’000

     Total assets                                        15,357,331      6,911,576       1,783,944          12,201,447    36,254,298

     Total assets included:
       Investments in associates (Note 13)                        —              —                —          5,554,275     5,554,275
       Loans to an associate (Note 13)                            —              —                —             33,685        33,685
       Investment properties (Note 7)                             —              —                —          1,671,971     1,671,971
     Additions to non-current assets
       (other than financial assets at FVOCI)             2,619,094        208,775          71,878             200,007     3,099,754

     Total liabilities                                    1,817,197      1,319,422         487,641          11,702,612    15,326,872


     A reconciliation of segment gross profit to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                              2020             2019
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

     Segment gross profit                                                                              7,771,435          5,883,277
     Unallocated:
       Other income                                                                                     463,961             528,684
       Other gains - net                                                                                888,996             778,182
       Selling and marketing costs                                                                      (958,661)          (939,680)
       Administrative and other operating expenses                                                  (1,804,735)           (1,692,329)
       Finance income                                                                                       37,773           91,989
       Finance costs                                                                                    (192,768)          (273,920)
       Share of profits of associates                                                                  1,124,341            639,608

     Profit before income tax                                                                          7,330,342          5,015,811




96   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Reportable segment assets/(liabilities) are reconciled to total assets/(liabilities) as follows:

                                                                         Assets                               Liabilities

                                                                      2020                2019               2020                2019
                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000

    Segment assets/(liabilities)                               29,417,414          24,052,851           (4,302,742)         (3,624,260)
    Unallocated:
      Property, plant and equipment                             1,478,451           1,403,437                   —                   —
      Right-of-use assets                                       2,190,874           2,107,433                   —                   —
      Investment properties                                     1,734,122           1,671,971                   —                   —
      Prepayments for property, plant and
         equipment and right-of-use assets                           1,633               1,791                  —                   —
      Financial assets at FVOCI                                     29,006              51,752                  —                   —
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                   223,553                    —                  —                   —
      Investments in associates                                 8,230,998           5,554,275                   —                   —
      Balances with associates                                         657              33,685                  —                   —
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                 775,093             674,396                   —                   —
      Cash and bank balances                                      989,288             702,707                   —                   —
      Other payables                                                     —                   —           (626,354)           (351,442)
      Current income tax liabilities                                     —                   —           (185,118)           (122,996)
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                    —                   —           (409,518)           (418,663)
      Bank and other borrowings                                          —                   —         (11,574,008)     (10,809,511)

    Total assets/(liabilities)                                 45,071,089          36,254,298          (17,097,740)     (15,326,872)


    The amounts provided to the executive directors with respect to total assets are measured in a manner consistent with
    that of the consolidated financial statements. These assets are allocated based on the operations of the segment.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Breakdown of the revenue from the sales of products is as follows:

                                                                                                          2020           2019
                                                                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000

     Sales of float glass                                                                         11,794,742        9,645,463
     Sales of automobile glass                                                                        4,608,976     4,502,599
     Sales of architectural glass                                                                     2,212,161     2,110,427

     Total                                                                                        18,615,879      16,258,489


     The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from customers located in Greater China (including Hong Kong and the PRC), North
     America and Europe whilst the Group’s business activities are conducted predominately in Greater China. An analysis of
     the Group’s sales by geographical area of its customers is as follows:

                                                                                                          2020           2019
                                                                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000

     Greater China                                                                                13,636,338      11,190,197
     North America                                                                                    1,963,977     1,949,120
     Europe                                                                                            591,024        664,105
     Other countries                                                                                  2,424,540     2,455,067

                                                                                                  18,615,879      16,258,489


     An analysis of the Group’s non-current assets other than financial assets at FVOCI by geographical area in which the assets
     are located is as follows:

                                                                                                          2020           2019
                                                                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000

     Greater China                                                                                30,025,323      23,819,648
     North America                                                                                       7,450         15,071
     Malaysia                                                                                         2,068,201     2,061,732
     Other countries                                                                                       406            773

                                                                                                  32,101,380      25,897,224


     None of a single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2020
     (2019: None).

     Sales of goods are recognised at a point in time when a group entity has delivered products to the customer; the customer
     has accepted the products and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.


98   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                       Construction   Freehold                   Plant and        Office
                                        in progress      land     Buildings     machinery    equipment           Total
                                          HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000

    At 1 January 2019
    Cost                                  505,335     126,836    4,477,832     14,135,357       94,876     19,340,236
    Accumulated depreciation                    —          —      (969,448)    (5,212,156)      (79,190)   (6,260,794)

    Net book amount                       505,335     126,836    3,508,384      8,923,201       15,686     13,079,442

    Year ended 31 December 2019
    Opening net book amount                505,335    126,836     3,508,384     8,923,201        15,686    13,079,442
    Currency translation differences        (9,441)      (592)      (47,965)     (147,957)       (1,082)     (207,037)
    Additions                           2,058,587      17,167        52,773       312,010        13,099     2,453,636
    Transfers                             (824,319)        —         68,803       751,675         3,841              —
    Transfer to investment
      properties (Note 7)                       —          —         (6,983)           —             —          (6,983)
    Disposals                               (4,717)        —             —        (31,906)         (462)       (37,085)
    Depreciation charge                         —          —       (181,506)     (885,126)      (12,506)    (1,079,138)
    Reclassification                            —          —        (43,529)       43,385           144              —

    Closing net book amount             1,725,445     143,411     3,349,977     8,965,282        18,720    14,202,835

    At 31 December 2019
    Cost                                1,725,445     143,411    4,487,738     14,845,148      106,211     21,307,953
    Accumulated depreciation                    —          —     (1,137,761)   (5,879,866)      (87,491)   (7,105,118)

    Net book amount                     1,725,445     143,411    3,349,977      8,965,282       18,720     14,202,835




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                         Construction      Freehold                     Plant and         Office
                                           in progress         land      Buildings     machinery     equipment            Total
                                            HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

      Year ended 31 December 2020
      Opening net book amount              1,725,445        143,411      3,349,977      8,965,282         18,720     14,202,835
      Currency translation differences       106,293           1,850       173,648        479,778            274        761,843
      Additions                            2,823,183              —           7,608       597,481         25,724      3,453,996
      Transfers                            (3,598,046)            —        754,803      2,827,634         15,609              —
      Disposals                              (17,174)             —             (60)      (62,791)            (75)      (80,100)
      Depreciation charge                          —              —       (182,784)      (996,133)       (17,680)    (1,196,597)
      Reclassification                             —              —            (460)          280            180              —

      Closing net book amount              1,039,701        145,261      4,102,732     11,811,531         42,752     17,141,977

      At 31 December 2020
      Cost                                 1,039,701        145,261      5,482,910     19,010,440        154,294     25,832,606
      Accumulated depreciation                     —              —     (1,380,178)    (7,198,909)      (111,542)    (8,690,629)

      Net book amount                      1,039,701        145,261      4,102,732     11,811,531         42,752     17,141,977


      Depreciation expense of approximately HK$966,862,000 (2019: HK$891,253,000) has been charged in cost of sales,
      HK$102,177,000 (2019: HK$96,474,000) in selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses
      and HK$561,493,000 (2019: HK$433,935,000) has been capitalised in inventories.

      During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounted to HK$63,907,000 (2019: HK$70,583,000) on
      qualifying assets (Note 26). Borrowing costs were capitalised at the weighted average rate of its general borrowings of 2.2%
      (2019: 3.1%) per annum.




100   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

    6(B) LEASES
        This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.


        (I)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
              The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                         2020                2019
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000

              Right-of-use assets
              Leasehold lands and land-use rights                                                  3,736,876             3,588,141
              Buildings                                                                                77,046               5,598

                                                                                                   3,813,922             3,593,739


                                                                                                         2020                2019
                                                                                                     HK$’000              HK$’000

              Lease liabilities
              Current                                                                                  30,841               3,730
              Non-current                                                                              52,417               3,364

                                                                                                       83,258               7,094


              Notes:

              (a)      Depreciation charge of HK$5,964,000 (2019: HK$11,682,000) were capitalised as direct cost of construction in
                       progress during the year ended 31 December 2020 when the buildings thereon were not yet ready for production
                       purposes. For the year ended 31 December 2020, depreciation of the Group’s right-of-use assets amounted to
                       HK$98,767,000(2019: HK$84,385,000) were charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 22).




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

      6(B) LEASES (Continued)
           (II)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement
                   The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                        2020             2019
                                                                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000

                   Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets
                   Leasehold land and land use rights                                                 91,307           92,658
                   Buildings                                                                          13,424            3,409

                                                                                                     104,731           96,067
                   Unwinding of interest on lease liabilities (Note 26)                                2,687              883


                   The total cash outflow for leases in 2020 was HK$13,624,000 (2019:HK$2,796,000).


           (III)   The group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
                   Lands in the PRC are state-owned. The Group acquired leasehold lands from mainland China government
                   by one-off prepayment with lease terms of 1 to 50 years. The leasehold lands were classified as “right-of-use
                   assets”. The Group also leases various offices and warehouses. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed
                   periods of 1 year to 4.6 years.

                   Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
                   The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that
                   are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




102   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                     2020             2019
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

    At 1 January                                                                               1,671,971         1,674,495
    Currency translation differences                                                               109,200         (32,396)
    Disposal (Note 30(c))                                                                          (50,280)                —
    Fair value gains (Note 25)                                                                       3,231          22,061
    Transferred from property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                             —            6,983
    Transferred from right-of-use assets (Note 6(B))                                                    —                 828

    At 31 December                                                                             1,734,122         1,671,971


    Amounts recognised in profit or loss for investment properties:

                                                                                                     2020             2019
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

    Rental income from operating lease (Note 24)                                                    35,861          17,618
    Fair value gains recognised in other gains, net (Note 25)                                        3,231          22,061


    The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable monthly.

    Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties are set out in Note 31.

    As at 31 December 2020, the Group had four (2019: five) investment properties located in the PRC and one (2019: one)
    investment property in Hong Kong. The Group obtained independent valuations from Graval Consulting Limited for three
    investment properties located in the PRC and an investment property in Hong Kong (2019: Grant Sherman Appraisal
    Limited for four investment properties located in the PRC and an investment property in Hong Kong).




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP
      The Group’s investment properties were valued at 31 December 2020 and 2019 by independent professionally qualified
      valuers who hold recognised relevant professional qualification and have recent experience in the locations and segments
      of the investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best use.

      The Group’s finance department reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuers for financial reporting
      purposes. This team reports directly to the chief financial officer and group senior management for discussions in relation
      to the valuation processes and the reasonableness of the valuation results.

      At each financial year end the Group’s finance department:

      •     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

      •     Assess property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report;

      •     Holds discussions with the independent valuer.

      The following table analyses the investment properties carried at their fair values, by valuation method, and an investment
      property carried at cost.

                                                                                                                    2020                 2019
                                                                                                               HK$’000               HK$’000

      Fair value hierarchy (level 3):
        – Commercial building - Xiamen, the PRC                                                               1,416,180            1,325,376
        – Commercial building 1 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                                    —               47,072
        – Commercial building 3 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                             130,347              119,576
        – Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                           114,382              106,928
        – Office unit - Hong Kong                                                                                 70,160               70,160

                                                                                                              1,731,069            1,669,112

      At cost:
        – Commercial building 2 - Shenzhen, the PRC (Note)                                                         3,053                2,859

                                                                                                              1,734,122            1,671,971


      Note: As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the fair value of this investment property could not be reliably measured as the market for
            comparable properties was inactive due to the Group was in the process of obtaining the property ownership certificate in respect
            of property interest held. In addition, alternative for reliably measurement of fair value of the property was not available. In the
            opinion of directors, the absence of the property ownership certificate to this property interest does not impair the carrying amount
            to the Group as the Group has paid the full purchase consideration of this property interest and the probability of being evicted on
            the ground of an absence of property ownership certificate is remote.

      There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.



104   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)

                                              Commercial    Commercial     Commercial
                                               building -   building 1 -   building 3 -   Office unit -
                                                 Xiamen,     Shenzhen,      Shenzhen,          Wuhu,      Office unit -
                                                 the PRC       the PRC        the PRC         the PRC     Hong Kong           Total
                                               HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000

    At 1 January 2020                          1,325,376         47,072       119,576         106,928          70,160     1,669,112
    Currency translation differences              90,332          3,208          8,176           7,290              —      109,006
    Disposal for the year                             —         (50,280)            —               —               —       (50,280)
    Fair value gains (Note 25)                       472             —           2,595             164              —        3,231

    At 31 December 2020                        1,416,180             —        130,347         114,382          70,160     1,731,069

    Total gains for the year
      included in the consolidated
      income statement for assets
      held at the end of year                        472             —           2,595             164              —        3,231

    Change in unrealised gains for
      the year included in the consolidated
      income statement for assets held
      at the end of year                             472             —           2,595             164              —        3,231




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)
      Fair value measurement using significant unobservable input (level 3)

                                                Commercial     Commercial     Commercial
                                                  building -   building 1 -   building 3 -   Office unit -
                                                   Xiamen,      Shenzhen,      Shenzhen,          Wuhu,      Office unit -
                                                   the PRC        the PRC        the PRC         the PRC     Hong Kong           Total
                                                HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000

      At 1 January 2019                          1,331,323         49,072        116,816          98,487          75,880     1,671,578
      Currency translation differences             (26,985)           (998)        (2,360)        (1,995)              —       (32,338)
      Transfer from property,
        plant and equipment (Note 6)                     —              —              —           6,983               —        6,983
      Transfer from right-of-use
        assets (Note 6(B))                               —              —              —             828               —          828
      Fair value gains/(losses) (Note 25)           21,038          (1,002)        5,120           2,625          (5,720)      22,061

      At 31 December 2019                        1,325,376         47,072        119,576        106,928           70,160     1,669,112

      Total gains/(losses) for the year
        included in the consolidated
        income statement for assets
        held at the end of year                     21,038          (1,002)        5,120           2,625          (5,720)      22,061

      Change in unrealised gains/(losses) for
        the year included in the consolidated
        income statement for assets held
        at the end of year                          21,038          (1,002)        5,120           2,625          (5,720)      22,061




106   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    INFORMATION ABOUT FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS USING SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE
    INPUTS (LEVEL 3)
                                                                                                           Range of unobservable      Relationship of
                                       Fair value at                                    Unobservable       inputs (probability-       unobservable inputs
    Description                   31 December 2020     Valuation technique(s)           inputs             weighted average)          to fair value

    Commercial building –         HK$1,416,180,000     Based on current prices in an    Market value       HK$26,212 per square       The higher the market value,
      Xiamen, the PRC                        (2019:      active market for similar        (2019: same)       meter (2019: HK$24,271     the higher the fair value
                                  HK$1,325,376,000)      properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                         location and condition
                                                         and subject to similar lease
                                                         (2019: same)

    Commercial building 3 –         HK$130,347,000     Based on current price in an     Recent market      HK$42,438 per square       The higher the market value,
      Shenzhen, the PRC                      (2019:      active market for similar        price (2019:       meter (2019: HK$38,817     the higher the fair value
                                    HK$119,576,000)      properties in the same           same)              per square meter)
                                                         location and condition
                                                         and subject to similar lease
                                                         (2019: same)

    Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC     HK$114,382,000     Based on current price in an     Market value       HK$9,310 per square        The higher the market value,
                                             (2019:      active market for similar        (2019: Same)       meter (2019: HK$8,646      the higher the fair value
                                    HK$106,928,000)      properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                         location and condition
                                                         and subject to similar lease
                                                         (2019: Same)

    Office unit - Hong Kong          HK$70,160,000     Based on current price in an     Recent market      HK$ 18,500 per square      The higher the market value,
                                             (2019:      active market for similar        price (2019:       feet (2019: HK$18,500      the higher the fair value
                                     HK$70,160,000)      properties in the same           same)              per square feet)
                                                         location and condition
                                                                                        Level adjustment   3.5% (2019:same)           The higher the level, the
                                                         and subject to similar lease
                                                                                          (2019: same)                                  higher the fair value
                                                         (2019: same)


                                                                                        View adjustment    5% (2019: same)            The better the view, the
                                                                                          (2019: same)                                  higher the fair value


    There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.




                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                        107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


8     INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                              Float Glass
                                                                      Customer                Production
                                           Goodwill   Trademark relationship       Patent       Capacity       Total
                                           HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000

      At 1 January 2019
      Cost                                  55,877         20,306        5,404      7,892             —      89,479
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                           —         (12,112)     (3,223)     (6,670)           —      (22,005)

      Net book amount                       55,877          8,194        2,181      1,222             —      67,474

      Year ended 31 December 2019
      Opening net book amount                55,877          8,194       2,181       1,222            —       67,474
      Currency translation differences           —              —           —          (21)           —          (21)
      Amortisation charge (Note 22)              —          (1,069)       (289)       (761)           —       (2,119)

      Closing net book amount                55,877          7,125       1,892        440             —      65,334

      At 31 December 2019
      Cost                                  55,877         20,306        5,404      7,731             —      89,318
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                           —         (13,181)     (3,512)     (7,291)           —      (23,984)

      Net book amount                       55,877          7,125        1,892        440             —      65,334

      Year ended 31 December 2020
      Opening net book amount                55,877          7,125       1,892        440             —      65,334
      Currency translation difference            —              —           —           —          5,343       5,343
      Additions (Note)                           —              —           —           —        415,489    415,489
      Amortisation charge (Note 22)              —          (1,062)       (289)      (440)            —       (1,791)

      Closing net book amount                55,877          6,063       1,603          —        420,832    484,375

      At 31 December 2020
      Cost                                  55,877         20,306        5,404      7,731       420,832     510,150
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                           —        (14,243)      (3,801)    (7,731)            —     (25,775)

      Net book amount                       55,877          6,063        1,603          —       420,832     484,375




108   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
8   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

    Amortisation charge of HK$1,791,000 (2019: HK$2,119,000) has been included in administrative and other operating
    expenses in the consolidated income statement (Note 22).


    IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR GOODWILL
    Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operating segment. For the purposes of
    impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the automobile glass operating segment.

    The recoverable amount of the automobile glass operating segment is determined based on value-in-use calculations.
    These calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-
    year period with estimated compound annual growth rate of 5.0% (2019: 5.0%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period
    are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate of 3.0% (2019: 3.0%).

    Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in costs
    and sales prices. Future cash flows are discounted at 11.4% (2019: 11.4%) per annum. The discount rate used is pre-tax
    and reflects specific risks relating to this operating segment.

    Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
    carrying amount of goodwill to exceed the recoverable amount.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


9     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                          2020         2019
                                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000

      Financial assets as per consolidated balance sheet
      Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 11)                               29,006       51,752
      Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                              223,553            —
      Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                      657       33,685
      Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets      3,979,125    2,377,455
      Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                   59,518       44,222
      Cash and cash equivalents (Note 16)                             5,244,554    5,097,924

      Total                                                           9,536,413    7,605,038


                                                                          2020         2019
                                                                       HK$’000      HK$’000

      Financial liabilities as per consolidated balance sheet
      Liabilities at amortised cost
      Bank and other borrowings (Note 20)                            11,574,008   10,809,511
      Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities    2,935,700    2,645,937
      Lease liabilities (Note 6(B))                                     83,258        7,094

      Total                                                          14,592,966   13,462,542




110   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
10 SUBSIDIARIES

   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2020:

                                                                                                                    Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                    of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                        shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                  Place of                                                                             directly       shares       by non-
                                  incorporation/         Principal activities    Particulars of                        held by       held by    controlling
                                  establishment and      and place of            issued/registered        Interest the Company    the Group        interest
   Name                           kind of legal entity   operation               share capital              held            (%)           (%)           (%)

   Kangchen Plastic (Shenzhen)    The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
     Company Limited                liability company      plastic products        paid up capital of
                                                           in the PRC              RMB3,280,000

   Shenzhen Benson Automobile     The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
     Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                           in the PRC              RMB140,403,049

   Dongguan Benson Automobile The PRC, limited           Manufacturing of        Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
     Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
     (Formerly known as                                    in the PRC              US$22,000,000
     “Xinyi Automobile Glass
     Company (Dongguan)
     Limited”)

   Xinyi Automobile Glass         The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
     (Shenzhen) Company Limited     liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                           in the PRC              RMB353,807,000

   Xinyi Automobile Parts (Wuhu) The PRC, limited        Manufacturing of        Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
     Company Limited                liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                           in the PRC              US$29,800,000

   Xinyi Glass (Tianjin)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
     Company Limited                liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                           architectural glass     US$126,000,000
                                                           in the PRC




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2020: (Continued)

                                                                                                                         Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                         of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                             shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                      Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                      incorporation/         Principal activities    Particulars of                         held by       held by    controlling
                                      establishment and      and place of            issued/registered         Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                            kind of legal entity   operation               share capital               held            (%)           (%)           (%)

      Xinyi Ultra-thin Glass          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        (Dongguan) Company              liability company      float glass             paid up capital of
        Limited                                                in the PRC              US$80,000,000

      Xinyi Glass Japan               Japan, limited liability Trading of automobile Authorised and paid up      55%             —           55%           45%
        Company Limited                 company                glass in Japan          capital of 400
                                                                                       common shares of
                                                                                       JP¥50,000 each

      Xinyi Auto Glass                Canada, limited        Trading of automobile Authorised and paid           70%             —           70%           30%
        (North America) Corporation     liability company      glass in Canada         up capital of 100,000
                                                                                       common shares of
                                                                                       CAD0.1 each

      Xinyi Group (Glass)             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      1,000 ordinary shares      100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                 liability company      and trading
                                                               in Hong Kong

      Xinyi International             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      10,000 ordinary shares     100%             —          100%             —
        Investments Limited             liability company      and trading
                                                               in Hong Kong

      Xinyi Automobile Glass (BVI)    The British Virgin     Investment holding      Authorised and paid        100%          100%          100%             —
        Company Limited                 Islands, limited       in Hong Kong            up capital of 55,000
                                        liability company                              ordinary shares of
                                                                                       US$1 each

      Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu)       The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                 liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                               architectural glass     US$58,500,000
                                                               in the PRC




112   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2020: (Continued)

                                                                                                                            Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                            of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                                shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of                                                                                  directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         Principal activities      Particulars of                           held by       held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of              issued/registered           Interest the Company    the Group        interest
    Name                             kind of legal entity   operation                 share capital                 held            (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Special Glass (Jiangmen)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered and               100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                  liability company      float glass               paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC                US$180,800,000

    Xinyi Glass (Jiangmen)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered and               100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                  liability company      float glass               paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC                RMB2,000,000

    Xinyi Glass Engineering          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered and               100%             —          100%             —
      (Dongguan) Company               liability company      architectural glass       paid up capital of
      Limited                                                 in the PRC                US$60,000,000

    Xinyi Glass (Yingkou)            The PRC, limited       Manufacturing            Registered capital of         100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                  liability company      of float glass,          US$99,000,000 and
                                                              automobile glass         total paid up capital of
                                                              and architectural        US$98,999,652
                                                              glass in the PRC

    Xinyi Automobile Parts           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered capital of        100%             —          100%             —
      (Tianjin) Company Limited        liability company      automobile glass          US$57,150,000 and
                                                              in the PRC                total paid up capital
                                                                                        of US$13,429,995

    Xinyi Glass (Xiamen) Co. Ltd     The PRC, limited       Conducting research       Registered and               100%          100%          100%             —
                                       liability company      and trading of glass      paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC                HK$120,000,000

    Xinyi Electronic Glass           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered and               100%             —          100%             —
      (Wuhu) Company Limited           liability company      electronic glass          paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC                US$60,630,000




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED             113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2020: (Continued)

                                                                                                                         Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                         of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                             shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of                                                                               directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                         held by       held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of             issued/registered         Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital               held            (%)           (%)           (%)

      Xinyi Energy Smart (Sichuan)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing            Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      of float glass,          paid up capital of
                                                              automobile glass         US$99,000,000
                                                              and architectural
                                                              glass in the PRC

      Xinyi Energy Smart             Malaysia, limited      Manufacturing of         Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        (Malaysia) SDN.BHD             liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                              in Malaysia              RM$20,000,000

      Xinhe Logistics (Wuhu)         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                                                       RMB1,250,000

      Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai)     The PRC, limited       Operate wind farm        Registered and              82%             —           82%           18%
        Company Limited                liability company      for electricity          paid up capital of
                                                              generation               RMB10,000,000

      Wuhu Jinshanshi Numerical      The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and            85.66%            —        85.66%        14.34%
        Control Technology Co. Ltd     liability company      automatic                paid up capital of
                                                              machines for solar       RMB30,000,000
                                                              glass factory and
                                                              other glass related
                                                              industry

      Xinyi Glass (Bozhou)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing and        Registered capital of      100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      sales of glass           RMB 10,000,000 and
                                                              product                  total paid up capital
                                                                                       of RMB5,721,000

      Xinyi Glass (GuangXi)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and paid up     100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass              capital of RMB
                                                              in the PRC               650,000,000



114   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2020: (Continued)

                                                                                                                      Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                      of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                          shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                   Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                   incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                        held by       held by    controlling
                                   establishment and      and place of             issued/registered        Interest the Company    the Group        interest
    Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital              held            (%)           (%)           (%)

    Guangxi Xinyi Supply Chain     The PRC, limited       Provision of supply      Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
      Management                     liability company      chain services           paid up capital of
      Company Limited                                       in the PRC               RMB3,000,000

    Beihai Xinhe Logistics         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                                                     RMB1,500,000

    Xinyi (Jiangsu)                The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                            in the PRC               US$100,000,000

    Ultimate Luck Global Limited   The British Virgin     Investment holding       Authorised and paid        60%             —           60%           40%
                                     Islands, limited       in Hong Kong             up capital of 50,000
                                     liability company                               ordinary shares of
                                                                                     US$1each

    Cheer Wise Investment          Hong Kong, limited     Property and car         1 ordinary share           60%             —           60%           40%
      Limited                        liability company      parks holding
                                                            in Hong Kong




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


11 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

      (A) EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FVOCI
                                                                                                          2020                2019
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

           At 1 January                                                                                 51,752             38,513
           Fair value (losses)/gains recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 18)                (22,746)            13,239

           At 31 December                                                                               29,006             51,752
           Less: Non-current portion                                                                   (29,006)            (51,752)

           Current portion                                                                                   —                   —



           Classification of financial assets at FVOCI
           Financial assets at FVOCI represents equity security listed in Hong Kong - ZMFY Automobile Glass Services Limited
           (“ZMFY”) which is not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to
           recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this classification to be more
           relevant.

           The Group’s shareholding in ZMFY as at 31 December 2020 is approximately 15.17% (2019: approximately
           15.17%).


      (B) FAIR VALUE
           The fair value hierarchy of listed equity securities are categorised under level 1. The fair value of listed securities is
           based on the current bid price. These listed equity securities are denominated in HK$.




116   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS

   (A) CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
       The Group classifies the following financial assets at FVTPL:

       •     equity investments that are held for trading,

       •     equity investments for which the Group has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through other
             comprehensive income, and

       •     financial products that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or FVOCI.

       As at 31 December, financial assets measured at FVTPL include the following:

                                                                                                     2020              2019
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

       Current assets
       Hong Kong listed equity securities                                                         223,553                  —


       As at 31 December 2020, financial assets at FVTPL represents equity securities listed in Hong Kong – Kingboard
       Holdings Limited, Agile Group Holdings Limited and HSBC Holdings plc which are held for trading, and which the
       Group has not elected at initial recognition to recognise in FVOCI.


   (B) AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT OR LOSS
       During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognised in consolidated income statement:

                                                                                                     2020              2019
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

       Unrealised fair value losses of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                        (24,697)                 —
       Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                                      1,984            20,347
       Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                 102,463            74,116



   (C) RISK EXPOSURE AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
       Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 3.1(c). For information about the methods
       and assumptions used in determining fair value please refer to Note 3.3.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000

      Investments in associates
      At 1 January                                                                                              5,554,275            4,679,890
      Currency translation differences                                                                               1,485                  (483)
      Addition to interests in an associate (Note (a))                                                            374,323              798,226
      Dilution of interests in associates (Note (b))                                                            1,169,868              153,801
      Disposal of interests in an associate (Note (c))                                                                   —             (666,376)
      Share of profits of associates                                                                            1,124,341              639,608
      Share of other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                  408,834               (95,041)
      Dividends received                                                                                         (402,128)             (227,274)
      Share of gain on changes in ownership in subsidiaries of an associate (Note (a))                                   —             271,924

      At 31 December                                                                                            8,230,998            5,554,275


                                                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                                                 HK$’000               HK$’000

      Loans to an associate (Notes (d) & (e))
            – Current portion                                                                                           657              32,681
            – Non-current portion                                                                                        —                1,004

                                                                                                                        657              33,685


      Notes:

      (a)      On 28 May 2019, Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”) - a subsidiary of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”), was
               successfully spun-off from Xinyi Solar and listed on The Main Board of The Stock Exchange. During the year ended 31 December
               2019, the Group subscribed 393,074,211, 10,612,000 and 3,716,000 ordinary shares of Xinyi Energy during May, November and
               December 2019 respectively, representing a total of 6.03% of ordinary shares of Xinyi Energy. Upon and after listing on The Main
               Board of The Stock Exchange, Xinyi Energy remains a subsidiary of Xinyi Solar while the Group has significant influence over Xinyi
               Solar. As a result, the Group has significant influence over Xinyi Energy.

               On 25 May 2020, Xinyi Solar recommended the declaration and payment of 2019 final dividend of 8.5 HK cents per share of the
               Company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of 29,658,185
               shares at the market price of HK$5.34 per share, totaled HK$158,375,000.

               On 23 September 2020, Xinyi Solar recommended the declaration and payment of 2020 interim dividend of 8.5 HK cents per
               share of the Company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of
               19,959,900 shares at the market price of HK$8.49 per share, totaled HK$169,460,000.

               During the year of 2020, the Group also subscribed 20,944,000 new shares in Xinyi Energy, and the new addition of investment in
               Xinyi Energy amount to HK$46,488,000.




118   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (b)   In September 2020, Xinyi Solar allotted and issued 282,000,000 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group.
         The Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar was diluted and resulting in an increase in the investment of approximately HK$475,148,000,
         comprising a dilution gain of approximately HK$463,673,000 and the reclassification of currency translation gains of approximately
         HK$11,475,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement. (Note 25)

         In December 2020, Xinyi Solar allotted and issued 300,000,000 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group. The
         Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar was diluted and resulting in an increase in the investment of approximately HK$696,805,000,
         comprising a dilution gain of approximately HK$694,411,000 and the reclassification of currency translation gains of approximately
         HK$2,394,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement. (Note 25)

         In September 2020, Xinyi Energy allotted and issued 357,520,000 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group.
         The Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy was diluted and resulting in an increase in the investment of approximately HK$11,966,000,
         comprising a dilution gain of approximately HK$11,784,000 and the reclassification of currency translation gains of approximately
         HK$182,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement. (Note 25)

         In March 2019, Xinyi Solar allotted and issued 380,000,000 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group. The
         Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar was diluted and resulting in an increase in the investment of approximately HK$147,701,000,
         comprising a dilution gain of approximately HK$153,801,000 and the reclassification of currency translation losses of approximately
         HK$6,100,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement. (Note 25)

   (c)   There was no disposal of interests in associates during the year of 2020. On 18 June 2019, the Group announced its disposal of
         314,000,000 shares in Xinyi Solar at a price of HK$3.75 per share to a third party, for a consideration received (net of transaction
         cost) of HK$1,164,456,000. As a result of the disposal, the Group recognised a gain on disposal of HK$485,659,000, including
         reclassification of currency translation losses of HK$12,421,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement. (Note 25)

   (d)   As at 31 December 2020, the loan to an associate amounted to HK$657,000 (2019: HK$9,928,000) which is unsecured, interest-
         free and repayable by installments up to 2021. As at 31 December 2019, there is another loan amounted to HK$23,757,000 which
         is secured, interest bearing at 9.7% per annum and repayable by installments up to 2020. The balances are denominated in RMB.

   (e)   The carrying amounts of balances with associates approximate their fair values.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal associates as at 31 December 2020:

                                              Particulars of                            Principal activities and
      Name                                    registered share capital                  place of operation                          Interest held

      Xinyi Solar (Note (i))                  Authorised capital of                     Production and sales of solar glass              22.86%
                                                HK$8,000,000,000 and total paid           products in the PRC, and development
                                                up capital of HK$880,925,000 (2019:       and operation of solar farms and
                                                HK$8,000,000,000 and total paid up of     provision of engineering procurement
                                                HK$808,186,000)                           and construction services

      Xinyi Energy (Note (ii))                Authorised capital of HK$8,000,000,000    Management and operations of solar                6.02%
                                                and total paid up capital of              farms in the PRC
                                                HK$71,100,000 (2019:
                                                HK$8,000,000,000 and
                                                total paid of HK$67,524,785)

      Beihai Yiyang Mineral                   Registered and paid up capital of         Exploration, mining and trading of silica           45%
            Company Limited                     RMB25,454,500 (2019: same)                in the PRC

      Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz         Registered and paid up capital of         Exploration, mining and trading of silica           20%
            Sand Company Limited                RMB10,500,000 (2019: same)                in the PRC

      Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural   Registered and paid up capital of         Provision of natural gas in the PRC                 25%
            Gas Investment Company Limited      RMB10,000,000 (2019: same)


      Notes:

      (i)       As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
                HK$40,775,436,000 (2019: HK$10,860,830,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was HK$7,217,767,000 (2019:
                HK$4,650,057,000).

      (ii)      As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
                HK$2,253,101,000 (2019: HK$831,101,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was HK$913,871,000 (2019:
                HK$800,779,000).

      There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in the associates.




120   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES
   (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
         method:


         Summarised balance sheet
                                                                                               2020              2019
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Current
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                        9,291,194         2,221,055
         Other current assets (excluding cash)                                          10,586,847          7,246,135

         Total current assets                                                           19,878,041          9,467,190
         Current liabilities                                                             (7,725,245)       (5,290,052)
         Non-current
         Assets                                                                         23,545,348        18,929,830
         Liabilities                                                                     (3,673,626)       (4,533,839)

         Net assets                                                                     32,024,518        18,573,129



         Summarised statement of comprehensive income

                                                                                               2020              2019
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Revenue                                                                        12,315,829          9,096,101
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (903,780)         (835,432)
         Interest income                                                                     60,532            49,088
         Interest expense                                                                  (190,954)         (303,507)

         Profit before income tax                                                         5,758,394         3,092,654
         Income tax expense                                                                (735,268)         (294,059)

         Post-tax profit from operations                                                  5,023,126         2,798,595
         Other comprehensive profit/(loss)                                                1,905,232          (436,683)

         Total comprehensive income                                                       6,928,358         2,361,912

         Dividend received from Xinyi Solar                                                 336,398           203,694




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
            method: (Continued)

            Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Solar presented to the carrying amount of interest in an
            associate:

                                                                                                      2020               2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

            Opening net assets                                                                  18,573,129        12,058,918
            Total comprehensive income for the year                                              6,928,358          2,361,912
            Transactions with owners                                                             6,523,031          4,152,299

            Closing net assets                                                                  32,024,518        18,573,129
            Less: non-controlling interests                                                      (5,502,712)       (4,396,283)

            Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Solar                            26,521,806        14,176,846

            The Group’s ownership interest                                                          22.86%            24.30%
                                                                                                 6,062,302          3,445,133
            Goodwill                                                                             1,125,807          1,180,115
            Intangible assets and other assets and liabilities                                       24,945            24,809

            Carrying amount                                                                      7,213,054          4,650,057




122   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
         method:

         Summarised balance sheet

                                                                                               2020              2019
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Current
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                        1,312,419         1,631,244
         Other current assets (excluding cash)                                            3,911,830         3,055,304

         Total current assets                                                             5,224,249         4,686,548
         Current liabilities                                                             (3,780,908)       (2,889,899)
         Non-current
         Assets                                                                          12,036,714       10,316,524
         Liabilities                                                                     (1,433,242)       (1,882,260)

         Net assets                                                                      12,046,813       10,230,913


         Summarised statement of comprehensive income

                                                                                                          Period from
                                                                                                            28 May to
                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                               2020              2019
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Revenue                                                                          1,722,051         1,139,857
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (408,051)         (231,794)
         Interest income                                                                     41,086            24,103
         Interest expense                                                                  (163,844)         (153,018)

         Profit before income tax                                                         1,084,464           750,038
         Income tax expense                                                                (165,676)          (90,961)

         Post-tax profit from operations                                                    918,788           659,077
         Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                  978,672          (281,801)

         Total comprehensive income                                                       1,897,460           377,276

         Dividend received from Xinyi Energy                                                 62,110            19,654



                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
            method: (Continued)

            Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Energy presented to the carrying amount of interest in
            an associate:

                                                                                                       2020               2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

            Opening net assets                                                                   10,230,913          9,950,958
            Total comprehensive income for the year and the period from
              28 May 2019 to 31 December 2019                                                     1,897,460            377,276
            Transactions with owners                                                                 (81,560)          (97,321)

            Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Energy                            12,046,813        10,230,913

            The Group’s ownership interest                                                            6.02%             6.03%
                                                                                                    725,218            616,924
            Goodwill                                                                                188,653            183,855

            Carrying amount                                                                         913,871            800,779


            The information above reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the associates adjusted for
            differences in accounting policies between the Group and the associates, if any.


      INDIVIDUALLY IMMATERIAL ASSOCIATES
      In addition to the interests in the material associates disclosed above, the Group also has interests in three individually
      immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                       2020               2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

      Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates                               104,073            103,439
      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
      Profit from continuing operations                                                                2,767             1,627

      Total comprehensive income                                                                       2,767             1,627




124   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
14 INVENTORIES

                                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000

   Raw materials                                                                                         1,258,955           884,687
   Work in progress                                                                                        228,823           211,989
   Finished goods                                                                                        1,008,476           947,953

                                                                                                         2,496,254         2,044,629


   The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to approximately
   HK$7,746,153,000 (2019: HK$7,708,998,000) (Note 22).


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000

   Trade receivables (Note (a))                                                                          1,448,055         1,451,494
   Less: provision for loss allowance (Note (b))                                                           (37,444)          (41,481)

                                                                                                         1,410,611         1,410,013
   Bills receivables (Note (c))                                                                          1,821,724           303,812

   Trade and bills receivables - net                                                                     3,232,335         1,713,825
   Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                           2,338,028         2,141,084

                                                                                                         5,570,363         3,854,909
   Less: non-current portion
   Prepayments for property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                                  (654,196)         (769,043)

   Current portion                                                                                       4,916,167         3,085,866


   Notes:

   (a)      The credit period granted by the Group to its customers is generally from 30 to 90 days. At 31 December 2020 and 2019, the
            ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                              2020              2019
                                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

            0 - 90 days                                                                                   1,127,390         1,003,803
            91 - 180 days                                                                                   157,229          166,458
            181 - 365 days                                                                                   69,325          185,198
            1 - 2 years                                                                                      71,836            77,939
            Over 2 years                                                                                     22,275            18,096

                                                                                                          1,448,055         1,451,494



                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      (a)   (Continued)

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                           2020        2019
                                                                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000

            RMB                                                                                                      842,062        863,585
            USD                                                                                                      531,110        522,900
            HK$                                                                                                            3,916        782
            Other currencies                                                                                          70,967         64,227

                                                                                                                   1,448,055       1,451,494


      (b)   Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                                           2020        2019
                                                                                                                    HK$’000         HK$’000

            At 1 January                                                                                              41,481         36,953
            Currency translation differences                                                                               2,123        141
            Increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net (Note 22)                              15,880          4,974
            Receivables written off during the year                                                                   (22,040)          (587)

            At 31 December                                                                                            37,444         41,481


            The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables has been included in “administrative and other operating expenses” in the
            consolidated income statement (Note 22). The amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written off when there is
            no expectation of recovering additional cash.

            The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure provision for loss allowance which uses a lifetime expected loss
            allowance for all trade receivables. Details on the calculation of loss allowance is set out in Note 3.1(b).

            The top five customers and the largest customer accounted for approximately 21.6% (2019: 28.6%) and 7.3% (2019: 13.1%) of
            the trade receivables balance as at 31 December 2020, respectively. Other than these major customers, there is no concentration
            of credit risk with respect to trade receivables as the Group has a large number of customers.

            The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.

      (c)   All bills receivables are issued by licensed banks in the PRC with maturities within 12 months (2019: 6 months).

      (d)   The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate at their fair values.

      (e)   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivable mentioned above. The
            Group does not hold any collateral as security.




126   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                   2020                 2019
                                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

   Total cash at bank and on hand                                                                            1,908,441            2,733,172
   Bank deposits with maturity less than three months
         - Structured bank deposits (Note (a))                                                               3,336,113            2,364,752

   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 5,244,554            5,097,924


   Pledged bank deposits (Note (b))                                                                              59,518               44,222

   Total cash and bank balances                                                                              5,304,072            5,142,146


   Notes:

   (a)      The Group placed structured bank deposits with major licensed bank in the PRC, with fixed maturities; fixed interest rates and with
            their principal guaranteed. HK$3,336,113,000 (2019: HK$2,364,752,000) of the Group’s structured bank deposits will mature
            within 3 months and was qualified as cash and cash equivalents.

   (b)      Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged as collateral principally as security for import duties payable to the US Customs.

   The effective interest rate on short-term bank deposits was 2.64% in 2020 (2019: 3.42%) per annum. These short-term
   bank deposits have an average maturity of 11 days (2019: 28 days).

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances and bank deposits are denominated in the following
   currencies:

                                                                                                                   2020                 2019
                                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

   RMB                                                                                                       4,370,690            4,372,608
   USD                                                                                                          689,960              520,973
   HK$                                                                                                           91,556               95,458
   Malaysia ringgit (“MYR”)                                                                                      22,483               15,276
   Other currencies                                                                                             129,383              137,831

                                                                                                             5,304,072            5,142,146


   RMB and MYR are currently not freely convertible currencies in international market. The conversion of RMB and MYR into
   foreign currencies and remittance of RMB out of the PRC and MYR out of Malaysia, respectively, are subject to the rules
   and regulations of the foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government and Malaysian government.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

      Cash and cash equivalents include the following for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows:

                                                                                                      2020                2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000

      Total cash and bank balances                                                               5,304,072            5,142,146
      Less:
        - Pledged bank deposits                                                                    (59,518)             (44,222)

                                                                                                 5,244,554            5,097,924



17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM

                                                                                Ordinary
                                                             Number of          shares of             Share
                                               Note               shares     HK$0.1 each          premium                 Total
                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000              HK$’000

      Authorised:
      At 1 January 2019,
        31 December 2019 and
        31 December 2020                                  20,000,000,000       2,000,000                 —            2,000,000

      At 1 January 2019                                    3,993,202,147         399,320           249,821              649,141
      Issue of shares under an employees
        share option scheme                     (A)          29,014,000             2,902          163,343              166,245
      Repurchases and cancellation of shares    (B)           (3,000,000)            (300)          (25,003)            (25,303)

      At 31 December 2019                                  4,019,216,147         401,922           388,161              790,083




128   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

                                                                                 Ordinary
                                                           Number of            shares of             Share
                                            Note               shares        HK$0.1 each          premium                Total
                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000

   At 1 January 2020                                    4,019,216,147             401,922          388,161            790,083

   Issue of shares under an employees
     share option scheme                     (A)           26,490,500               2,649          212,078            214,727
   Repurchases and cancellation of shares    (B)           (6,212,000)               (621)          (64,679)           (65,300)

   At 31 December 2020                                  4,039,494,647             403,950          535,560            939,510



   (A) SHARE OPTIONS
         In 2005, the Company adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”). Under the Share Option Scheme,
         the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant options to any employee of the Group to subscribe
         for shares of the Company at the highest of (i) the closing price of shares of the Company as stated in the daily
         quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the day of the offer of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of
         the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding
         the day of the offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of shares. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable
         on acceptance of the grant of an option. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all
         outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option
         scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the relevant shares or securities of the Company in
         issue from time to time.

         The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
         Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue
         upon completion of the placing and the capitalisation issue of the shares of the Company, unless the Company
         obtains further approval from the shareholders.

         In March 2015, 28,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
         Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$4.55 per share. Options are conditional
         on the employee completing three years and one month’s service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable
         starting three years and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2019, in relation to
         the batch granted in March 2015, 9,037,000 options were exercised, no option was lapsed and 21,000 options
         were expired. There was no movement during the year of 2020.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           In March 2016, 28,500,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$4.81 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2020, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2016, 4,053,000 (2019: 19,977,000) options were exercised, 10,000 (2019: 1,205,000) options were lapsed
           and 144,000 options were expired.

           In March 2017, 29,264,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$7.28 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2020, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2017, 22,438,000 options were exercised and 1,238,000 (2019: 1,428,000) options were lapsed.

           In March 2018, 29,600,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$11.74 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2020, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2018, a total of 323,000 (2019: 1,461,000) options were lapsed.

           In March 2019, 33,900,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$9.53 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2020, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2019, a total of 465,000 (2019:467,000) options were lapsed.

           In March 2020, 32,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$8.82 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2020, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2020, a total of 409,000 options were lapsed.




130   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
       Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as
       follows:

                                                                   2020                                     2019
                                                           Average                                  Average
                                                      exercise price             Options       exercise price        Options
                                                   in HK$ per share           (thousands)   in HK$ per share       (thousands)

       At 1 January                                            9.36               91,012                7.75          90,708
       Granted                                                 8.82               32,000                9.53          33,900
       Exercised                                               6.90              (26,490)               4.73         (29,014)
       Lapsed                                                  8.54               (2,445)               8.29           (4,561)
       Expired                                                 4.81                 (144)               4.55               (21)

       At 31 December                                          9.89               93,933                9.36          91,012


       Out of the 93,933,000 (2019: 91,012,000) outstanding options, 1,960,000 (2019: 4,206,000) option was
       exercisable as at 31 December 2020. Options exercised in 2020 resulted in 26,490,000 shares (2019: 29,014,000
       shares) being issued at a weighted average price at the time of exercise of HK$6.90 each (2019: HK$4.73 each).

       Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                          Exercise price
                                                                                 in HK$
                                                                              per share          Options (thousands)

                                                                                                      2020             2019

       Expiry date
       31 March 2020                                                                4.81                  —            4,206
       31 March 2021                                                                7.28             1,960           25,636
       31 March 2022                                                              11.74             27,413           27,736
       31 March 2023                                                                9.53            32,969           33,434
       31 March 2024                                                                8.82            31,591                 —

                                                                                                    93,933           91,012




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
           model, which was performed by an independent valuer, Greater China Appraisal Limited, was approximately
           HK$1.06 (2019: HK$1.69) per option. The significant inputs into the model were weighted average share price of
           HK$8.29 (2019: HK$9.53) at the grant date, the exercise price shown above, volatility of 33.83% (2019: 37.31%),
           dividend yield of 6.63% (2019: 5.49%), an expected option life of 3.5 years (2019: 3.6 years), and an annual
           risk-free interest rate of 0.80% (2019: 1.47%) per annum. The volatility measured at the standard deviation of
           continuously compounded share returns is based on statistical analysis of daily share prices over the last year.

           Based on the above, the fair value of the above options granted during the year determined using the Black-
           Scholes valuation model was approximately HK$33,946,000 (2019: HK$57,281,000). The attributable amounts
           charged to the consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2020 was HK$44,514,000 (2019:
           HK$41,549,000) (Note 23).


      (B) REPURCHASE OF SHARE
           During the year ended 31 December 2020, 6,212,000 shares (2019: 3,000,000 shares) repurchased by the Company
           were cancelled in 2020. Accordingly, the issued share capital of the Company was reduced by the nominal value
           of these shares and the premiums paid on these shares upon the repurchase were charged against share premium
           account. An amount equivalent to the par value of the shares cancelled was transferred from the Company’s
           retained earnings to the capital redemption reserve.

                                                            Number of              Highest            Lowest         Aggregate
                                                              Shares of          price per          price per     consideration
                                                          HK$0.10 each         Share HK$          Share HK$       paid HK$’000

           Month of repurchase
           January 2020                                      6,212,000               10.60              10.40             65,300

           July 2019                                         3,000,000                8.47               8.40             25,303




132   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
18 RESERVES
                                                                                                               Other reserves
                                                                           Foreign
                                           Statutory      Enterprise      currency                    Share       Property       Capital
                                             reserve      expansion translation         Capital      option revaluation redemption           FVOCI                     Retained
                                               fund            fund         reserve     reserve      reserve       reserve       reserve    reserve      Sub-total     earnings        Total
                                            HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000
                                             (Note (a))     (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                           (Note (c))

   At 1 January 2020                       1,900,633         46,867      (1,624,684)   405,241       66,993         37,227       21,490     13,856        867,623 19,188,635 20,056,258
   Profit for the year                             —              —              —           —           —              —            —           —              —     6,422,213    6,422,213
   Change in fair value of financial
     assets at FVOCI (Note 11)                     —              —              —           —           —              —            —     (22,746)        (22,746)          —       (22,746)
   Currency translation differences                —              —      1,943,359           —           —              —            —           —       1,943,359           —     1,943,359
   Dilution of interest in an associate            —              —         14,050           —           —              —            —           —         14,050            —        14,050
   Share of other comprehensive income
     of investments accounted for using
     the equity method (Note 13)                   —              —        408,834           —           —              —            —           —        408,834            —       408,834
   Employees share option scheme:
     – proceeds from shares issued                 —              —              —           —      (32,153)            —            —           —         (32,153)          —       (32,153)
     – value of employee services
        (Note 17(A))                               —              —              —           —       44,514             —            —           —         44,514            —        44,514
     – adjustment relating to forfeiture
         of share options                          —              —              —           —         (131)            —            —           —           (131)          131           —
   Repurchase and cancellation of
     shares (Note 17(B))                           —              —              —           —           —              —           621          —            621          (621)          —
   Transfer to reserves                     437,479               —              —           —           —              —            —           —        437,479      (437,479)          —
   Dividends relating to 2019                      —              —              —           —           —              —            —           —              —     (1,206,344) (1,206,344)
   Dividends relating to 2020                      —              —              —           —           —              —            —           —              —      (685,921)    (685,921)

   At 31 December 2020                     2,338,112         46,867        741,559     405,241       79,223         37,227       22,111      (8,890)     3,661,450 23,280,614 26,942,064




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                               133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18 RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                       Other reserves
                                                                                    Foreign
                                                     Statutory     Enterprise      currency                   Share       Property         Capital
                                                       reserve     expansion     translation    Capital      option     revaluation     redemption     FVOCI                   Retained
                                                         fund           fund        reserve     reserve      reserve        reserve        reserve    reserve     Sub-total     earnings        Total
                                                     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                      (Note (a))    (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                            (Note (c))

      At 1 January 2019                             1,658,967        46,867      (1,014,750)   133,317       54,849        37,227          21,190        617      938,284 17,037,302 17,975,586
      Profit for the year                                   —             —              —           —           —              —              —          —             —     4,477,792    4,477,792
      Change in fair value of financial assets
        at FVOCI (Note 11)                                  —             —              —           —           —              —              —      13,239       13,239            —        13,239
      Currency translation differences                      —             —       (533,453)          —           —              —              —          —       (533,453)          —      (533,453)
      Deregistration of a subsidiary                     (585)            —              39          —           —              —              —          —           (546)          —          (546)
      Disposal of interest in an associate                  —             —         12,421           —           —              —              —          —        12,421            —        12,421
      Dilution of interest in an associate                  —             —          6,100           —           —              —              —          —          6,100           —         6,100
      Share of other comprehensive loss
        of investments accounted for using
        the equity method (Note 13)                         —             —         (95,041)         —           —              —              —          —        (95,041)          —       (95,041)
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                       —             —              —           —      (29,379)            —              —          —        (29,379)          —       (29,379)
        – value of employee services (Note 17(A))           —             —              —           —       41,549             —              —          —        41,549            —        41,549
        – adjustment relating to
            forfeiture of share options                     —             —              —           —          (26)            —              —          —            (26)          26           —
      Repurchase and cancellation
        of shares (Note 17(B))                              —             —              —           —           —              —             300         —            300         (300)          —
      Transfer to reserves                           242,251              —              —           —           —              —              —          —       242,251      (242,251)          —
      Dividends relating to 2018                            —             —              —           —           —              —                         —             —     (1,082,087) (1,082,087)
      Dividends relating to 2019                            —             —              —           —           —              —              —          —             —     (1,001,847) (1,001,847)
      Share of gain on changes in ownership
        in subsidiaries of an associate                     —             —              —     271,924           —              —              —          —       271,924            —       271,924

      At 31 December 2019                           1,900,633        46,867      (1,624,684)   405,241       66,993        37,227          21,490     13,856      867,623 19,188,635 20,056,258




134   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
18 RESERVES (Continued)
    Notes:

    (a)      The statutory reserve fund and enterprise expansion fund were provided for in accordance with laws in the PRC and regulations by
             certain subsidiaries which are the wholly owned foreign enterprises incorporated in the PRC. These funds are appropriated from net
             profit as recorded in the PRC statutory accounts of the respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserve fund can only be used, upon
             approval by the relevant authority, to make good of previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of these group companies. The
             enterprise expansion fund can only be used to increase capital of the group companies or to expand their production operations
             upon approval by the relevant authority.

             During the year ended 31 December 2020, the boards of directors of the subsidiaries resolved to appropriate approximately
             HK$437,479,000 (2019: HK$242,251,000) from retained earnings to statutory reserve fund. No enterprise expansion fund was
             appropriated during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

    (b)      The opening balance of capital reserve of the Group represents the difference between the nominal value of the share capital of
             the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to a reorganisation occurred in 2004 and the nominal value of the share capital of the Company
             issued in exchange thereof.

             An increase in capital reserves was in relation to the share of gain in Xinyi Solar resulting from the spin-off and initial public offering
             of Xinyi Energy in 2019.

    (c)      Financial assets at FVOCI

             The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive
             income, as explained in Note 2.10. These changes are accumulated under the FVOCI reserve within equity. For equity securities
             elected to present changes in FVOCI, the Group will never transfer amounts from this reserve to retained earnings when the
             relevant equity securities are derecognised.




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED              135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                    2020                2019
                                                                                                                 HK$’000          HK$’000

      Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                              1,396,216          1,045,222
      Bills payable (Note (b))                                                                                     74,379         498,670

                                                                                                             1,470,595          1,543,892
      Other payables (Note (c))                                                                              2,093,400          1,589,263
      Contract liabilities (Note (e))                                                                            499,345          348,047
      Less: non-current portion
            Other payables                                                                                       (146,211)        (131,996)

      Current portion                                                                                        3,917,129          3,349,206


      Notes:

      (a)      At 31 December 2020 and 2019, the ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000

               0 - 90 days                                                                                       1,274,881         848,049
               91-180 days                                                                                         38,905              40,328
               181-365 days                                                                                        32,254          100,255
               1-2 years                                                                                           18,608              36,379
               Over 2 years                                                                                        31,568              20,211

                                                                                                                 1,396,216       1,045,222


               The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                     2020               2019
                                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000

               RMB                                                                                               1,255,025         870,007
               MYR                                                                                                 72,828              68,214
               USD                                                                                                 67,493          106,035
               HK$                                                                                                    382                588
               Other currencies                                                                                       488                378

                                                                                                                 1,396,216       1,045,222


      (b)      Bills payable have maturities ranging within 6 months (2019: 6 months).




136   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (c)   Nature of other payables is as follows:

                                                                                                               2020             2019
                                                                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000

         Payables for investment properties                                                                   38,455           39,809
         Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                          750,264          586,286
         Payables for employee benefits and welfare                                                          433,050          333,537
         Payables for value-added tax                                                                        195,245          153,681
         Payables for utilities                                                                              114,549           85,534
         Payables for transportation charges                                                                 210,471          181,887
         Payables for commission                                                                              46,873           39,681
         Others                                                                                              304,493          168,848

                                                                                                            2,093,400       1,589,263


   (d)   The carrying amounts of trade payables and other payables approximate their fair values.

   (e)   The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually received
         in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from sales of glass products.

         The following table shows the amount of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to contract liabilities
         balance at the beginning of the year.


                                                                                                               2020             2019
                                                                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000

         Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
           balance at the beginning of the year                                                              348,047          292,948




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


20 BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000

      Non-current
        Long-term bank borrowings, guaranteed                                                    11,175,008     10,609,511
        Less: Current portion of long-term bank borrowings, guaranteed                           (3,380,193)    (4,259,093)

                                                                                                  7,794,815      6,350,418

      Shown as non-current liabilities                                                            7,794,815      6,350,418

      Current
        Short-term bank borrowings, guaranteed                                                      399,000        200,000
        Current portion of long-term bank borrowings, guaranteed                                  3,380,193      4,259,093

      Shown as current liabilities                                                                3,779,193      4,459,093


      Total bank and other borrowings                                                            11,574,008     10,809,511


      At 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group’s bank borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000

      Within 1 year                                                                               3,779,193      4,459,093
      Between 1 and 2 years                                                                       4,501,139      2,986,967
      Between 2 and 5 years                                                                       3,293,676      3,363,451

                                                                                                 11,574,008     10,809,511


      At 31 December 2020 and 2019, all bank loans bore floating interest rates. These bank borrowings are repayable by
      installments up to 2024 (2019: 2023) and the carrying amounts of bank borrowings approximate their fair values as at 31
      December 2020 and 2019. The fair values are categorised within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

      The Group complied with the financial bank covenants of its borrowing facilities during the years ended 31 December
      2020 and 2019.




138   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
20 BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

   The effective interest rate is as follows:

                                                                                                      2020              2019

   Bank borrowings                                                                                  2.13%             2.84%


   The bank borrowings were guaranteed by corporate guarantee provided by the Company and cross guarantees provided
   by certain subsidiaries of the Group.


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX

   The analysis of deferred income tax is as follows:


   DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS:
                                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

   Deferred income tax assets                                                                       41,790            39,023


   The gross movements on the deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

   Beginning of the year                                                                            39,023                   —
   Currency translation differences                                                                    540                  107
   Charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                                            2,227            38,916

   End of the year                                                                                  41,790            39,023


   Tax allowance for investment                                                                       2020              2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

   At 1 January 2020                                                                                39,023                   —
   Currency translation differences                                                                    540                  107
   Charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                                            2,227            38,916

   At 31 December 2020                                                                              41,790            39,023


   The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets of approximately HK$71,902,000 (2019: HK$57,269,000) in
   respect of losses amounting to approximately HK$302,335,000 (2019: HK$231,816,000) that can be carried forward
   against future taxable income. Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carry-forwards to the extent that
   the realisation of the related tax benefits through the future taxable profits is probable.


                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

      DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS: (Continued)
      The time frame of tax losses expiration was as follows:

                                                                                      2020      2019
                                                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000

      Expiring in 2021                                                               5,132      4,898
      Expiring in 2022                                                             108,823    103,705
      Expiring in 2023                                                              55,155     52,561
      Expiring in 2024                                                              65,689     62,600
      Expiring in 2025                                                              65,800         —
      No expire date                                                                 1,736      8,052

                                                                                   302,335    231,816



      DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES:
                                                                                      2020      2019
                                                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000

      Deferred income tax liabilities                                              409,954    419,404


      The gross movements on the deferred income tax liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                      2020      2019
                                                                                   HK$’000    HK$’000

      Beginning of the year                                                        419,404    417,671
      Currency translation differences                                              (4,761)    (5,211)
      Charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                        (4,689)     6,944

      End of the year                                                              409,954    419,404




140   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

   DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES: (Continued)
                                                      Accelerated                         Undistributed
                                                               tax                Fair        profits of
                                                     depreciation         value gains       subsidiaries            Total
                                                          HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

   At 1 January 2019                                           385            258,241           159,045           417,671
   Charged to the consolidated income
     statement (Note 27)                                        11              6,933                 —             6,944
   Currency translation differences                             16              (5,227)               —            (5,211)

   At 31 December 2019                                         412            259,947           159,045           419,404
   Charged to the consolidated income
     statement (Note 27)                                        —               (4,689)               —            (4,689)
   Currency translation differences                             —               (4,761)               —            (4,761)

   At 31 December 2020                                         412            250,497           159,045           409,954


   As at 31 December 2020, investment properties located in the PRC amounted to HK$1,663,962,000 (2019:
   HK$1,601,811,000) are held by certain subsidiaries with a business model to consume substantially all of the economic
   benefits embodied in the investment properties over time, rather than through sale. The investment property located in
   Hong Kong amounted to HK$70,160,000 (2019: HK$70,160,000) are held by certain subsidiaries and expected to be
   recovered entirely through sale. The Group has measured the deferred tax relating to the temporary differences of these
   investment properties using the tax rates and the tax bases that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of
   these investment properties (Note 7).

   Deferred income tax liabilities of approximately HK$930,806,050 (2019: HK$714,400,000) have not been recognised
   for withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries in the
   PRC. Such temporary differences are not expected to be reversed in the foreseeable future. At 31 December 2020, total
   unremitted earnings for which deferred withholding tax liability has not been recognised amounted to approximately
   HK$18,616,121,000 (2019: HK$14,288,003,000).




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


22 EXPENSES BY NATURE

      Expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses are
      analysed as follows:

                                                                                                 2020             2019
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

      Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                                  1,069,039          987,727
      Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 6(B))                                   98,767           84,385
      Amortisation charge of intangible assets (Note 8)                                         1,791             2,119
      Employee benefit expenses (Note 23)                                                   1,393,711        1,279,519
      Cost of inventories (Note 14)                                                         7,746,153        7,708,998
      Transportation costs                                                                    507,847          479,409
      Advertising costs                                                                         8,155           26,489
      Increase in provision for loss allowance, net (Note 15)                                  15,880             4,974
      Auditor’s remuneration
        – Audit services                                                                        3,090             2,990
        – Non-statutory audit services                                                          2,112              982
      Research and development expenses                                                       713,006          691,332
      Other expenses                                                                        2,048,289        1,738,297

      Total cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative
        and other operating expenses                                                       13,607,840       13,007,221



23 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                 2020             2019
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

      Wages and salaries                                                                    1,286,809        1,157,900
      Share options granted to employees (Note 17)                                             44,514           41,549
      Pension costs - defined contribution plans (Note (a))                                    62,388           80,070

                                                                                            1,393,711        1,279,519




142   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
23 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)
   Note (a): Pension costs

            The Group participates in a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme (the “MPF scheme”) in accordance with the Mandatory Provident
            Fund Scheme Ordinance of Hong Kong. Under the rules of the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees in Hong Kong
            are each required to contribute 5% of their gross earnings with a ceiling of HK$1,500 per month to the MPF scheme. The only
            obligation of the Group with respect to the MPF Scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme. No forfeited
            contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in future year.

            The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC also participate in defined contribution retirement schemes covering its full time PRC
            employees. The schemes are administered by the relevant government authorities in the PRC. The Group and the PRC eligible
            employees are required to make contributions based on certain percentages of the applicable payroll costs as stipulated under
            the requirements in the PRC and the relevant government authorities undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of
            all existing and future retired employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC. No forfeited contribution is available to reduce
            the contribution payable in future years.


   (A) FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
         The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include four (2019: four) directors
         whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 34. The emoluments payable to the remaining one
         individual (2019: one individual) during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                 2020                 2019
                                                                                                             HK$’000              HK$’000

         Basic salaries and allowances                                                                          1,094                1,073
         Discretionary and performance bonus                                                                    5,471                4,025
         Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                                 17                   16
         Share options granted (Note (a))                                                                          248                 246

                                                                                                                6,830                5,360


         Note (a):

         Share options granted represent fair value of share options issued under Share Option Scheme recognised in the consolidated
         income statement during the year disregarding whether the options have been vested/exercised.

         During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the directors of the Company and the five highest paid
         individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office (2019: Nil).




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


24 OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                                       2020                   2019
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000

      Rental income (Note 7)                                                                                         35,861              17,618
      Government grants (Note (a))                                                                                 186,037             296,221
      Insurance compensation income                                                                                   6,915              27,061
      Income from sale of electricity (Note (b))                                                                   108,872               92,750
      Income from sale of automatic machines (Note (c))                                                              12,550              10,811
      Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note (d))                                                  102,463               74,116
      Others                                                                                                         11,263              10,107

                                                                                                                   463,961             528,684


      Notes:

      (a)      Government grants mainly represent grants obtained from the PRC government in relation to the refund of value-added tax,
               income tax, land use tax, other operating costs of certain PRC subsidiaries.

      (b)      It represents income from sale of electricity generated from its wind power and solar power generating machines.

      (c)      It represents the income from sale of automatic machines for solar glass factory and other related industry.

      (d)      The realised income arising from short-term financial products (“Financial Products”) issued by reputable commercial banks in the
               PRC. The Financial Products were not principal guaranteed nor with pre-determined or guaranteed return. As at 31 December
               2020 and 2019, all of such Financial Products subscribed for by the Group had been fully redeemed or matured and the Group had
               totally recovered the principal and received the expected returns upon the redemption or maturity of the financial products.


25 OTHER GAINS - NET

                                                                                                                       2020                   2019
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000

      Loss on disposal of investment properties (Note 30(c))                                                        (22,848)                    —
      Losses on disposal and write-off of property, plant and equipment (Note 30(b))                                (51,373)            (27,059)
      Unrealised fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                           (24,697)                    —
      Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                                         1,984              20,347
      Fair value gains on investment properties, net (Note 7)                                                         3,231              22,061
      Other foreign exchange (loss)/gains, net                                                                    (177,237)            107,395
      Gain on dilution of investments in associates (Note 13)                                                    1,169,868             147,701
      Gain on partial disposal of interests in an associate (Note 13)                                                     —            485,659
      Others                                                                                                         (9,932)             22,078

                                                                                                                   888,996             778,182




144   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
26 FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS

                                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

   Finance income:
   Interest income on bank deposits (Note (a))                                                      35,536            86,988
   Other interest income (Note (a))                                                                  2,237             5,001

                                                                                                    37,773            91,989

   Finance costs:
   Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6(B))                                                         2,687                 883
   Interest expense on bank borrowings                                                             253,988           343,620
   Less: interest expense capitalised on qualifying assets (Note 6)                                (63,907)          (70,583)

                                                                                                   192,768           273,920


   Note:

   (a)      Total interest income on financial assets that are measured at amortised cost for the year was HK$37,773,000 (2019:
            HK$91,989,000)


27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                      2020              2019
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

   Current income tax
         – Hong Kong profits tax (Note (a))                                                         30,235            26,261
         – PRC corporate income tax (Note (b))                                                     721,441           530,978
         – Overseas income tax (Note (c))                                                           29,582                 475
         – Under/(Over) provision in prior years                                                    15,668             (6,401)
         – Withholding tax on remitted earnings (Note (d))                                         109,073            13,791

                                                                                                   905,999           565,104
   Deferred income tax (Note 21)
         – Increase in deferred income tax assets                                                   (2,227)          (38,916)
         – (Decrease)/increase in deferred income tax liabilities                                   (4,689)            6,944

                                                                                                    (6,916)          (31,972)

                                                                                                   899,083           533,132




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      Hong Kong profits tax

               Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2019: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year.

      (b)      PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)

               CIT is provided on the estimated taxable profits of the subsidiaries established in the PRC for the year, calculated in accordance
               with the relevant tax rules and regulations.

               The applicable CIT rates in Mainland China is 25% (2019: 25%). Thirteen (2019: Thirteen) major subsidiaries in Deyang, Dongguan,
               Jiangmen, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Wuhu and Yingkou enjoy high-tech enterprise income tax benefit and are entitled to a preferential
               tax treatment of reduction in the CIT rate to 15% (2019: 15%).

      (c)      Overseas income tax

               Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing
               in the countries in which the Group operates.

      (d)      Withholding tax on remitted earnings

               Withholding tax on remitted earnings from the PRC companies is 5%.

      The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted
      average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:

                                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000

      Profit before income tax                                                                                   7,330,342            5,015,811
      Associates’ results reported                                                                              (1,124,341)            (639,608)

                                                                                                                 6,206,001            4,376,203

      Calculated at weighted average tax rate of 23.5 % (2019: 24.9%)                                            1,462,546            1,053,375
      Preferential tax rates on income of certain PRC and overseas subsidiaries                                   (550,310)            (395,118)
      Effect of additional tax reduction enacted by tax authority                                                   (40,940)             (59,134)
      Under/(Over) provision in prior years                                                                          15,668               (6,401)
      Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                                                4,470                2,354
      Income not subject to tax                                                                                   (201,780)            (104,504)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                     100,356                28,769
      Tax effect of withholding tax on the distributable profits
            of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries                                                                        109,073                13,791

      Income tax expense                                                                                           899,083              533,132




146   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
28 EARNINGS PER SHARE

   BASIC:
   Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted
   average number of ordinary shares in issue after taking into account the effect of the issuance of new shares and share
   repurchased and cancellation stated in Note 17(A) and (B) during 2020 and 2019.

                                                                                                     2020               2019

   Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                               6,422,213         4,477,792

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,026,601         4,006,411

   Basic earnings per share (HK cents)                                                             159.49             111.77



   DILUTED:
   Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
   assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The dilutive potential ordinary shares of the Company are share
   options. The calculation for share options is determined by the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair
   value (determined as the average annual market share price of the Company’s shares) based on the monetary value of the
   subscription rights attached to the outstanding share options. The number of shares calculated as above is compared with
   the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options.

                                                                                                     2020               2019

   Earnings
   Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                               6,422,213         4,477,792
   Share of profit of an associate as a result of diluted earnings
     at associate level (HK$’000)                                                                   (1,525)             (205)

   Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share (HK$’000)                                6,420,688         4,477,587

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,026,601         4,006,411
   Adjustments for:
   Share options (thousands)                                                                       15,605             11,949

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
     for diluted earnings per share (thousands)                                                 4,042,206         4,018,360

   Diluted earnings per share (HK cents)                                                           158.84             111.43




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


29 DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                                 2020               2019
                                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

      Interim dividend paid of HK$0.17 (2019: HK$0.25) per share (Note a)                                    685,921           1,001,847
      Proposed final dividend of HK$0.62 (2019: final dividend of HK$0.30
            per share (Note b)                                                                             2,504,830           1,206,344

                                                                                                           3,190,751           2,208,191


      Notes:

      (a)      An interim dividend of HK$0.17 per share (2019: HK$0.25 per share) was paid to shareholders whose names appeared on the
               Register of Members of the Company on 17 August 2020 (2019: 26 August 2019).

      (b)      A final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2020 of HK$0.62 per share (2019: HK$0.30 per share),
               amounting to a total dividend of HK$2,504,830,000 (2019: HK$1,206,344,000), is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual
               General Meeting. The amount of 2020 proposed final dividend is based on 4,040,048,647 shares in issue as at 26 February 2021
               (2019: 4,021,145,647 shares in issue as at 4 June 2020). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this dividend
               payable.




148   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

   (a)   Reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                   Note                2020              2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

         Profit before income tax                                                                 7,330,342         5,015,811
         Adjustments for:
           – Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                    22           1,069,039           987,727
           – Losses on disposal and write-off of property,
              plant and equipment                                                    25              51,373            27,059
           – Losses on disposal of investment properties                             25              22,848                  —
           – Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                              22              98,767            84,385
           – Fair value gains on investment properties                               25              (3,231)          (22,061)
           – Amortisation charge of intangible assets                                22               1,791             2,119
           – Share of profits of associates                                          13          (1,124,341)         (639,608)
           – Gain on dilution of investments in associates                           25          (1,169,868)         (147,701)
           – Gain on partial disposal of equity interest in an associate             25                   —          (485,659)
           – Interest income                                                         26             (37,773)          (91,989)
           – Interest expense                                                        26             192,768           273,920
           – Share options granted to employees                                      23              44,514            41,549
           – Unrealised fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL               25              24,697                  —
           – Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                           25              (1,984)          (20,347)
           – Realised income from financial products at FVTPL                        24            (102,463)          (74,116)
           – Increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net      15              15,880             4,974
         Changes in working capital:
           – Inventories                                                                           (206,278)         (198,704)
           – Trade and other receivables                                                         (1,641,406)         (458,474)
           – Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                         783,672           390,559

         Cash generated from operations                                                           5,348,347         4,689,444




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

      (b)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment comprise:

                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000

            Net book amount of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                80,100               37,085
            Losses on disposal and write-off of property, plant and equipment (Note 25)             (51,373)              (27,059)

            Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  28,727               10,026


      (c)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of investment properties comprise:

                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000

            Net book amount of investment properties (Note 7)                                        50,280                    —
            Losses on disposal and write-off of investment properties (Note 25)                     (22,848)                   —
            Exchange difference                                                                       (4,446)

            Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                                          22,986                    —


      (d)   Net debt reconciliation:

            This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the year presented.

                                                                                                       2020                 2019
                                                                                                   HK$’000             HK$’000

            Cash and cash equivalents                                                             5,244,554          5,097,924
            Bank and other borrowings - repayable within one year                                (3,779,193)         (4,459,093)
            Bank and other borrowings - repayable after one year                                 (7,794,815)         (6,350,418)
            Lease liabilities                                                                       (83,258)               (7,094)

            Net debt                                                                             (6,412,712)         (5,718,681)

            Cash and cash equivalents                                                             5,244,554          5,097,924
            Gross debt - variable interest rates                                                (11,574,008)      (10,809,511)
            Gross debt - fixed interest rates                                                       (83,258)               (7,094)

            Net debt                                                                             (6,412,712)         (5,718,681)




150   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

   (d)   Net debt reconciliation: (Continued)

         This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the year presented.

                                                                   Bank             Bank
                                                              and other        and other
                                                    Cash     borrowings      borrowings
                                                and cash     due within         due after            Lease
                                           equivalents            1 year           1 year        liabilities             Total
                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000

   Net debt as at 1 January 2019                4,598,506     (3,094,441)      (6,874,933)               —       (5,370,868)
   Acquisition - leases                                —              —                —            (9,007)             (9,007)
   Unwinding of interests                              —              —                —              (883)               (883)
   Cash flows                                    584,577      (1,364,652)        524,515             2,796         (252,764)
   Foreign exchange adjustments                   (85,159)            —                —                 —             (85,159)

   Net debt as at 31 December 2019              5,097,924     (4,459,093)      (6,350,418)          (7,094)      (5,718,681)
   Acquisition - leases                                —              —                —           (87,101)            (87,101)
   Unwinding of interests
     on lease liabilities                              —              —                —            (2,687)             (2,687)
   Cash flows                                    (158,087)      679,900        (1,444,397)          13,624        (908,960)
   Foreign exchange adjustments                  304,717              —                —                 —         304,717

   Net debt as at 31 December 2020              5,244,554     (3,779,193)      (7,794,815)         (83,258)      (6,412,712)




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


31 COMMITMENTS

      CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      Capital expenditure approved at the end of reporting date but not yet incurred is as follows:

                                                                                                         2020          2019
                                                                                                      HK$’000      HK$’000

      Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use
        assets contracted but not provided for                                                        862,434     1,413,803



      OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
      Investment properties are leased to tenants under long-term operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Minimum lease
      payments receivable under non-cancellable operating lease of investment properties not recognised in the consolidated
      financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                                         2020          2019
                                                                                                      HK$’000      HK$’000

      Not later than 1 year                                                                            18,290        14,210
      Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                     52,146        37,789
      Later than 5 years                                                                              103,967        65,683

                                                                                                      174,403       117,682



32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      As at 31 December 2020, the Group was controlled by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
      Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching
      Leung which in aggregate owns 2,400,021,059 (2019: 2,335,863,059) of the Company’s shares.




152   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   The following transactions were carried out with related parties:


   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                  Note               2020              2019
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

         Purchases of goods from associates                                          i
           – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas
               Investment Company Limited                                                         168,794           236,021
           – Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited                                                105,831           165,477
           – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                                  17,005            30,703
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                            vii             3,299             1,813

         Sales of goods to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                             ii           109,938            62,283

         Sales of consumable goods to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                             ii             4,576                   —

         Sales of goods to related parties
           – An entity controlled by a controlling party                          ii, vii           7,141             4,770
           – Entities controlled by a controlling party                           ii, vii           1,528             1,957

         Sales of machineries to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                            iii            83,368            75,415

         Sales of fixed assets to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          iii, vii          2,157                   —

         Consultancy income received from an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          iv, vii             872                  861

         Rental income received from an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          v, vii            5,394             5,481

         Rental expenses paid to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          v, vii            1,032             1,049

         Rental income received from a related party
           – An entity controlled by a controlling party                          v, vii              302                  305

         Wind farm management fees paid to related parties
           – An entity controlled by a controlling party                          vi, vii           2,650             1,676



                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                              Note                  2020                2019
                                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

           Processing income of raw materials from an associate                               vi, vii
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                     1,739                  —

           Processing fees paid to a related party
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii,viii              1,289             28,127

           Purchase of machinery parts from a related party
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii, ix                 395              1,669

           Purchase of consumables from a related party
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                               vii, x                    —                 776

           Purchase of fixed assets from an associate
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                 vii                     —                 762

           Engineering, procurement and construction
                  service fees paid to an associate
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                 vii                     —                 633

           Maintenance and services fees paid to an associate
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                 vii                 2,563              2,412


           Notes:

           (i)       The purchases of goods from associates were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (ii)      The sales of goods to associates and related parties were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (iii)     The sales of machineries and fixed assets to an associate was charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms.

           (iv)      Consultancy income received from an associate was charged at mutually agreed fee.

           (v)       The lease of premises was charged at mutually agreed rental.

           (vi)      Wind farm management fees were charged at mutually agreed fees.

           (vii)     The transactions were de minimis transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business and under normal commercial
                     terms.

           (viii)    Processing fees were charged at mutually agreed prices.

           (ix)      The purchase of machinery parts was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (x)       The purchase of consumables was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.




154   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                                           2020                2019
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

       Loans advance to an associate (Note 13)
             – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                                          657             33,685
       Receivable from an associate arising from sales of machineries (Note (i))
             – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                               91,690              90,247
       Receivable from an associate arising from consultancy income (Note (i))
             – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                     —                  72
       Receivable from related parties arising from sale of goods (Note (i))
             – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                   664               2,862
             – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                               74,664                   —
       Payable to a related party arising from processing fees (Note (i))
             – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                 2,398               1,364
       Prepayment/(payable) to an associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
             – Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited                                                       1,494                (263)
       Receivable from associate arising from management
             fee paid on behalf (Note (i))
             – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                   294                  —


       Note:

       (i)      As at 31 December 2020, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
                approximate their fair values and are denominated in RMB and MYR.


   (C) KEY MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION
                                                                                                           2020                2019
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

       Basic salaries and allowances                                                                     19,410              18,689
       Discretionary and performance bonus                                                              115,374              79,249
       Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                            118                 112
       Share options granted                                                                               2,064               2,049

                                                                                                        136,966             100,099




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


33 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY

      Balance sheet of the Company                               Note       2020        2019
                                                                         HK$’000     HK$’000

      Assets
      Non-current assets
        Investments in subsidiaries                                      211,513     211,513
        Investment in an associate                                       446,278     399,789
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                                   2,154,650   2,154,650


                                                                        2,812,441   2,765,952

      Current assets
        Amount due from subsidiaries                                    6,027,876         —
        Prepayments and other receivables                                 22,614       5,255
        Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss           223,553          —
        Cash and bank balances                                             3,718       3,026

                                                                        6,277,761      8,281


      Total assets                                                      9,090,202   2,774,233

      Equity
      Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
        Share capital                                                    403,950     401,922
        Share premium                                                    535,560     388,161
        Other reserves                                            (a)    101,334      88,483
        Retained earnings                                         (a)    380,413     289,446

      Total equity                                                      1,421,257   1,168,012




156   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
33 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

   Balance sheet of the Company                                        Note                2020              2019
                                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000

   Liabilities
   Current liabilities
     Other payables                                                                      14,671            13,664
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                      7,648,064         1,586,700
     Current income tax liabilities                                                       6,210             5,857

                                                                                      7,668,945         1,606,221

   Total liabilities                                                                  7,668,945         1,606,221


   Total equity and liabilities                                                       9,090,202         2,774,233


   The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 1 March 2021 and was signed on its
   behalf.




   LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                                TUNG Ching Bor
   Chairman                                           Vice-chairman




                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


33 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

      Note (a) Reserve movements of the Company

                                                                      Capital
                                                Share option      redemption                  Retained
                                                     reserve         reserve    Sub-total     earnings          Total
                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000

      At 1 January 2019                               54,849          21,190      76,039       149,469       225,508
      Profit for the year                                   —             —           —      2,224,185     2,224,185
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                (29,379)             —      (29,379)            —        (29,379)
        – value of employee services                  41,549              —       41,549             —        41,549
        – adjustments relating to forfeiture
            of share options                               (26)           —           (26)          26             —
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares                 —            300         300           (300)           —
      Dividend relating to 2018                             —             —           —      (1,082,087)   (1,082,087)
      Dividend relating to 2019                             —             —           —      (1,001,847)   (1,001,847)

      At 31 December 2019                             66,993          21,490      88,483       289,446       377,929

      At 1 January 2020                               66,993          21,490      88,483       289,446       377,929
      Profit for the year                                   —             —           —      1,983,722     1,983,722
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                (32,153)             —      (32,153)            —       (32,153)
        – value of employee services                  44,514              —       44,514             —        44,514
        – adjustments relating to forfeiture
            of share options                              (131)           —         (131)          131             —
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares                 —            621         621          (621)            —
      Dividend relating to 2019                             —             —           —      (1,206,344)   (1,206,344)
      Dividend relating to 2020                             —             —           —       (685,921)     (685,921)

      At 31 December 2020                             79,223          22,111     101,334       380,413       481,747




158   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
34 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS

   (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS
       The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2020 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                          Employer’s
                                                                                        contribution
       Name of directors                                               Discretionary       to benefit
       (Note (i))                               Fees          Salary           bonus          scheme            Total
                                           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

       LEE Yin Yee                              300               49          36,931               —           37,280
       TUNG Ching Bor                           300            3,091          15,827               18          19,236
       TUNG Ching Sai                           300            8,438          36,632               18          45,388
       LEE Shing Kan                            300            2,576          15,827               18          18,721
       NG Ngan Ho                               300               —                —               —                 300
       LI Ching Wai                             300               —                —               —                 300
       SZE Nang Sze                             300               —                —               —                 300
       LI Ching Leung                           300               —                —               —                 300
       LAM Kwong Siu                            300               —                —               —                 300
       WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                   300               —                —               —                 300
       WONG Ying Wai                            300               —                —               —                 300
       TRAN Chuen Wah, John                     300               —                —               —                 300
       TAM Wai Hung, David                      300               —                —               —                 300




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


34 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

      (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
           The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2019 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                                                   Employer’s
                                                                                                                 contribution
           Name of directors                                                                 Discretionary          to benefit
           (Note (i))                                          Fees              Salary              bonus             scheme                 Total
                                                          HK$000               HK$000             HK$000              HK$000              HK$000

           LEE Yin Yee                                         300                   49            25,702                    —             26,051
           TUNG Ching Bor                                      300               3,131             11,015                    18            14,464
           TUNG Ching Sai                                      300               8,712             24,509                    18            33,539
           LEE Shing Kan                                       300               2,519             11,015                    18            13,852
           NG Ngan Ho                                          300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LI Ching Wai                                        300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           SZE Nang Sze                                        300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LI Ching Leung                                      300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LAM Kwong Siu                                       300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                              300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           WONG Ying Wai                                       300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           TRAN Chuen Wah, John                                300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           TAM Wai Hung, David                                 300                   —                   —                   —                 300


           Notes:

           (i)      During the year ended 31 December 2020, none of the directors of the Company (a) received any allowances and benefits
                    in kind; (b) received or paid emoluments in respect of their other services in connection with the management of the affairs
                    of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking, except for the director set out in Note (iv) below; and (c) received or paid any
                    remuneration in respect of accepting office (2019: same).

           (ii)     The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received from the Group by these directors in respect of their
                    services as directors and/or in their respect of their services as employees of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking (2019:
                    same).

           (iii)    No director of the Company was appointed/resigned during the year (2019: same).

           (iv)     TUNG Ching Sai is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Group and his remuneration disclosed above include those for
                    services rendered by him as the Chief Executive Officer.




160   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
34 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

   (B) DIRECTORS’ TERMINATION BENEFITS
       During the year ended 31 December 2020, none of the directors of the Company received termination benefits.
       (2019: same).


   (C) CONSIDERATION PROVIDED TO THIRD PARTIES FOR MAKING AVAILABLE DIRECTORS ’
       SERVICES
       During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Company did not paid any consideration to third party for making
       available services of director (2019: same).


   (D) DIRECTORS’ LOANS, QUASI-LOANS AND OTHER DEALINGS
       There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate by and
       connected entities with such directors (2019: same).


   (E) DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
       Except for those transactions disclosed in Note 32, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
       relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the
       director’s connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or
       at any time during the year (2019: same).




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2020 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     161
Financial Summary


A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is presented below.

                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                 2020                2019               2018               2017                 2016
                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

Revenue                                    18,615,879         16,258,489         16,014,490         14,727,542         12,848,400
Cost of sales                             (10,844,444)       (10,375,212)       (10,139,138)         (9,283,428)        (8,189,150)

Gross profit                                7,771,435          5,883,277          5,875,352           5,444,114          4,659,250

Profit before income tax                    7,330,342          5,015,811          4,970,140           4,696,432          3,823,451
Income tax expense                           (899,083)          (533,132)           (722,564)          (682,413)          (607,288)

Profit for the year                         6,431,259          4,482,679          4,247,576           4,014,019          3,216,163
Profit attributable to
  – equity holders of the Company           6,422,213          4,477,792          4,236,806           4,013,764          3,213,428
  – non-controlling interests                    9,046              4,887             10,770                255                 2,735

                                            6,431,259          4,482,679          4,247,576           4,014,019          3,216,163
Dividends                                   3,190,751          2,208,191          2,081,637           1,924,874          1,646,981



Asset and Liabilities                                                       As at 31 December

                                                 2020                2019               2018               2017                 2016
                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

Total assets                               45,071,089         36,254,298         32,679,267         30,305,000         24,022,321
Total liabilities                          17,097,740         15,326,872         13,977,006         11,998,808         10,775,431

                                           27,973,349         20,927,426         18,702,261         18,306,192         13,246,890

Equity attributable to equity
  holders of the Company                   27,881,574         20,846,341         18,624,727         18,237,211         13,180,931
Non-controlling interests                      91,775              81,085             77,534             68,981             65,959

                                           27,973,349         20,927,426         18,702,261         18,306,192         13,246,890




162    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2020
