      Contents
 2    Corporate Information

 4    Chairman’s Statement

 10   Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 17   Profile of Directors and Senior Management

 22   Corporate Governance Report

 33   Report of the Directors

 57   Independent Auditor’s Report

 63   Consolidated Balance Sheet

 65   Consolidated Income Statement

 66   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 67   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 69   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 71   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

182   Financial Summary




                  XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   1
Corporate Information


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                      LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (Chairman) ø~
                                                         SQUIRE PATTON BOGGS
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M (Vice Chairman)
                                                         Suite 3201
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.
                                                         One Island East
  (Chief Executive Officer) <ø
                                                         Taikoo Place
Mr. LEE Shing Kan
                                                         Quarry Bay
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                  Hong Kong
Mr. LI Ching Wai
Mr. SZE Nang Sze                                         AUDITOR
Mr. LI Ching Leung
                                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers
Mr. NG Ngan Ho
                                                           Certified Public Accountants and
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                        Registered PIE Auditor
Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. *ø <                             22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu G.B.S #+<                              Central, Hong Kong
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel #<ø
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John #                               PRINCIPAL BANKERS
*       Chairman of audit committee                      Bank of China (Hong Kong)
#       Members of audit committee
                                                         Citibank, N.A.
+       Chairman of remuneration committee
                                                         China Construction Bank
ø       Members of remuneration committee
                                                         Dah Sing Bank
~       Chairman of nomination committee
                                                         DBS Bank
<       Members of nomination committee
                                                         Hang Seng Bank
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER &                                HSBC
COMPANY SECRETARY                                        Huaxia Bank
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, FCPA, AICPA                            Industrial Bank
                                                         Malayan Banking Berhad
REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                         MUFG Bank
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park                          Nanyang Commercial Bank
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108                      Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
Cayman Islands                                           Bank of China
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA                     Bank of Communications

Xinyi Glass Industrial Zone                              Ping An Bank
1 Xinyi Road                                             China Citic Bank
Wuhu Economic and Technology Development Zone            Huishang Bank
Wuhu City, Anhui Province, China                         Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
                                                         Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
IN HONG KONG
                                                         HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND
Unit 2101-2108, 21st Floor
                                                         TRANSFER OFFICE
Rykadan Capital Tower
135 Hoi Bun Road                                         Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
Kwun Tong, Kowloon                                       Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
Hong Kong                                                183 Queen’s Road East
                                                         Hong Kong
2    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND                                 KEY DATES
TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited                                  determining the entitlement to attend and vote
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park                                 at the Annual General Meeting: From Tuesday,
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108                             28 May 2024 to Friday, 31 May 2024 (both days inclusive)
Cayman Islands                                                Date of Annual General Meeting: Friday, 31 May 2024
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
WEBSITE                                                         determining the entitlement to the final dividend:
                                                                From Thursday, 6 June 2024 to Tuesday, 11 June 2024
http://www.xinyiglass.com
                                                                (both days inclusive)
                                                              Proposed final dividend payable date:
SHARE INFORMATION
                                                                On or about Wednesday, 7 August 2024
Place of listing: Main Board of The Stock Exchange
  of Hong Kong Limited
Stock code: 00868
Listing date: 3 February 2005
Board lot: 1,000 ordinary shares
Financial year end: 31 December
Share price as of the date of this annual report: HK$7.63
Market capitalisation as of the date of this annual report:
  Approximately HK$32.2 billion




                                                                   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       3
Chairman’s Statement


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to announce the audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for the
financial year ended 31 December 2023.

In comparison with 2022, the Group’s revenue increased by about 4.1% to HK$26,798.5 million in 2023. The profit attributable
to equity holders of the Company increased significantly by about 4.6% to HK$5,365.1 million in 2023. Basic earnings per share
(the “Share”) was 129.2 HK cents, as compared with 126.6 HK cents last year.

We are considered that the Group has achieved a reasonable level of profitability in an unfavorable market condition and
proposed payment of a final dividend of 37.0 HK cents per Share upon approval by the shareholders (the “Shareholders”) at
the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”).

I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2023 and key development highlights for the coming year.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The performance of the PRC glass industry has improved during the second half of 2023 (the “2H2023”) from the difficult
period in the first half of 2023 (the “1H2023”) because of the higher property completion area for the year with the benefit
of the PRC government initiative of ensuring the property projects are completed and delivered. The PRC property market has
remained weak since the fourth quarter in 2021 due to the debt crisis and liquidity problems of those over leveraged property
developers.

The inflation rate in the overseas markets results in the increase in the bank interest rates in Hong Kong. The high average costs
of raw materials and energy in the 1H2023. Also, the overseas freight costs are increasing and longer shipment time mainly due
to the Middle-East conflicts started in October 2023. Those factors dampened the glass market’s profitability. As a result, the
Group’s operations in the automobile glass, architectural glass and float glass segments encountered unusual challenges and
more importantly, opportunities that emerged from global markets.

The Group’s net profit for the year ended 31 December 2023 increased by 4.6%, mainly due to the net impact of higher sales
volume of float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, lower production costs of float glass in the 2H2023 and the
depreciation of Renminbi (“RMB”). The Group implemented stringent policies on production costs and energy conservation to
enhance the cost control efficiency. Also, the Group refined in the product differentiation mix of float glass, automobile glass
and architectural glass, and focused on the high value-added components and features, different colours and thickness, window
structure-upgraded and energy-saving coating glass products. As for operations, the Group streamlined the production steps
and the logistics and adopted dynamic marketing strategies for its architectural glass and automobile glass products.

The PRC’s float glass demand has experienced a slow recovery during the year, as reflected in the increase in the average selling
price (“ASP”) and sales volume, primarily driven by the slow improving in completion property projects and window installation
in real estate industry in the PRC. On the other hand, in order to achieve the nation’s carbon neutral policy, the PRC government
is still restricting the granting of new approval for new capacity of float glass, thus limiting the supply of float glass.




4     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
As a significant number of the PRC private property developers encounter liquidity issues, the Group’s architectural glass
business has focused on the new glass window installation projects which are mainly led by government related entities, state
owned enterprises or property developers have strong financial position. The sales volume of the architectural glass products
posted growth, even though the overall new construction projects in the PRC market slowed down since the fourth quarter of
2021 due to the tight capital chains of private property developers.

The demand for architectural energy-saving Low-E glass products has continued be positive as supported by our strong
reputation with outstanding track records, aggressive marketing strategy and a wide range of advanced coating material choices
and advanced structured glass products. As a result, the Group has incurred a sales increase of the architectural glass segment
even there is a depreciation of RMB impact.

The Group’s marketing and production strategies for the automobile glass business in 2023 would focus on tackling challenges
on the slowdown of overseas demand due to high inflation and high interest cost, as well as the local competition. The Group
has developed new glass products for applications on ADAS, head up displays (“HUD”), sound proofing, low-e coating,
sunroofs, heat lining system and value-added parts that are suitable for both new and existing car models, as well as the EV
models, and are ready to be launched as and when appropriate.

The Group has been exploring new opportunities in the PRC and overseas markets. The Group strengthening existing customers
relationships for the purpose of increasing the sales volume for both new and existing product models, participated more
overseas exhibitions and actively visited overseas customers in 2023. The Group’s automobile glass products are sold to
customers in over 140 countries or territories.

As one of the leading players in the global glass industry, the Group has secured its market-leading position and enhanced its
economies of scale through strategic expansion and acquisition of production capacities across different product segments, that
incorporate streamlined and automated production process at different locations in the PRC and Malaysia. The Group has also
acquired additional float glass production facilities in Chongqing, the PRC for the purpose of increasing the production capacity
with comparatively low production costs under the national supply side reform policy in previous years.

The Group has also implemented a series of measures that contributed to the performance of the Group. Such measures include
enhancing cost controls on the supply and consumption of raw materials, owning and operating silica sand mines, improving
supply chain flow and recycling of principal raw materials. Furthermore, the Group has also re-engineered its production
process, adding automation features and centralised control management system to boost production efficiency, employed
rooftop distributed solar power generation system and low-temperature recycling residual heat power co-generation systems to
generate electricity and hot water for internal consumption and implemented energy conservation scheme, which at the same
time are also in line with the national carbon neutral policies.

To enhance its competitiveness, the Group will continue to developing and launching a range of unique glass products with
different colours, thickness, special coating materials, high value-added features and parts, accessories and specialties, advanced
designs and functions, adopting proactive pricing and flexible marketing strategies and make use of the favourable policies
implemented under the 14th Five-Year Plan of the PRC government.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       5
Chairman’s Statement


Improved productivity, product quality and features, technology and economies of scale to enhance
production efficiency, new products, new equipment and advanced float glass line design by new
research and development (“R&D”) investments
Continuing R&D investments by the Group in new materials and coatings, production engineering, information technology,
big data analysis, environmental control, and carbon neutrality awareness as well as improvements made to the production
process, automation and equipment maintenance programs, produce new equipment and advanced float glass line design have
enhanced its productivity and yield rate, thus, reducing the carbon emissions, wastage, overall labour, production and energy
costs for the year ended 31 December 2023.

The Group’s engineering and design division has designed the latest world-class, environmental friendly, larger capacity, energy
efficient and higher yield rate float glass production lines in the PRC and Malaysia. The economies of scale have enabled
the generation of significant cost savings in the procurement and production process and they also facilitated the increased
efficiency in the use of fuel and principal raw materials. To further control the energy costs and carbon emissions, the Group
increasingly uses clean environmental-friendly energy by employing the rooftop distributed solar power generation system and
the low-temperature recycling residual heat power co-generation systems to support the electricity consumption and hot water
supply for the Group’s production.

In addition, the use of natural gas as fuel for the production of high-quality float glass can reduce carbon emissions for a better
air quality environment and fulfil the carbon neutral target, improve float glass product quality and enhance the Group’s energy
cost structure.

The R&D team will continue to develop new glass products, advanced low-e coating materials and features, improve product
quality and production flow to capture the new market and business opportunities.


Expansion of differentiated product mix and global coverage which enhances the group’s overall
competitiveness
While the global markets were affected by high inflation rate, high interest cost, severe competition and geo-political risks, the
Group achieved a reasonable level of profitability in the automobile glass, architectural glass and the high-quality float glass
businesses. These demonstrated the Group’s diversified product segments, integrated production and supply chain, global
market coverage, overseas production facilities, upgraded product structure, state-of-art production lines and the expanded
high value-added and differentiated product mix could comprehend the operational pressures and risks in any specific business
segment or country despite an uncertain and competitive market environment.




6     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Solid financial position and resources to future expansion
The Group has solid financial position with HK$3,426.6 million cash and bank deposits, current ratio of 1.20 with low net debt
gearing ratio of 13.3% as of 31 December 2023. The Group’s strong credit history has resulted in its effective borrowing rate at
4.92%. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has new proceeds from bank borrowings of HK$7,193.9 million with
the cash generated from operations of HK$5,001.2 million, demonstrating its ability to secure financing and cash inflow from
multiple channels to support capital expenditure and future expansion.

The Group will continue decrease its Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”) loan balance portion in order to mitigate the pressure of the
high HKD interest rate.


BUSINESS OUTLOOK

Through its continued adoption of advanced technologies and equipment at its production facilities with centralised
management to further improve operational efficiency and product quality control, the Group will continue to adopt and
enhance flexible and pro-active strategies in integrated production flow and supply chains, logistics, product mix and marketing
strategies to maintain its leadership and competitive position of global glass manufacturers.

In response to the increasingly tightened environmental protection standards on air emission under the national carbon neutral
policy, the PRC government has continued its strict supply side reform on building up new float glass production capacity,
acquisition of existing capacity and phase-out obsolete and non-compliant float glass production facilities. The Group applies the
prudent and flexible strategies in response to the current situation of the float glass market in the PRC and other countries.

The prices for soda ash are expected to be weaken and maintained at the low level in 2024, as compared to 2023, due to more
new supply in the PRC and import from overseas. Energy costs might be stabilised in 2024 as cruel oil price is floating between
within a range in the global market. Thus, the Group is cautiously optimistic on the prospects for the float glass market in 2024
because of the PRC government initiative of ensuring the property projects are completed and delivered and the latest issued of
“White Name List”, as well as on the movements of the ASP in peak season in the second half of 2024.

The Group operates silica sand mine and processing factories in Beihai, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region since the end of
2020. It signifies the Group’s capability to achieve a high level of integration of the glass production flow and maintain a full
control of the major raw material costs and quality. The Group will continue to explore more opportunities on new source of
silica sand and raw materials in Asia in future.

The Sino-US trade conflict continues to have adverse impact on the additional import tariff on both the US aftermarket
automobile glass customers and the Group and it also caused inflation in US. The Group’s new automobile glass production
lines in Malaysia mitigated such impact gradually. Another new automobile glass production lines in the Gresik, Indonesia
are planned to commence operation in 2025. The Group will continue to explore other opportunities to expand our overseas




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       7
Chairman’s Statement


production capacity in order to counter different import tariff issues.

The market expects the PRC government would launch further relax and proactive economic and monetary policies to stimulate
the domestic consumption cycle and improve the property market environment in the near future. The policies, such as the
latest issued “White Name List”, would relax the funding channels for completion of designated properties and delivery of new
building projects to the property buyers, which would result in more construction and window installation activities in 2024 and
would increase the demand for float glass and architectural glass.

The Directors are also optimistic on the continuous development of the Group’s automobile glass aftermarket and OEM business
in the global markets as the number of global vehicles and the new cars sales in the PRC are expected to increase in 2024, as
well as on the prospects of increasing sales in the energy-saving and single and double-insulated Low-E glass segments with the
target of carbon neutrality in the PRC in the future.

After years of expanding its production facilities in the major economic zones of the PRC and Southeast Asia, the Group
continues to explore acquisitions and new expansion opportunities in the PRC and overseas, which can provide direct access
to other markets, lower labour and raw material costs, better production and energy costs and more favourable tax treatment
and other incentives. The Group is building a new float glass production complex with automobile glass and architectural glass
facilities in Gresik, East Java, Indonesia to expand its business footprints in ASEAN countries.

The acquisition of the float glass business in Chongqing in the 1H2023 has strengthened the float glass capacity and the Group’s
market coverage in Southwestern China. A new float glass production complex is under construction in Yunnan Province.

In 2021, the Group has formed a new division dedicated to carbon neutrality, which takes responsibility for the planning,
implementation and monitoring of the Group’s carbon neutrality policies and targets. Its initiated energy conservation plan also
helps to improve the overall energy cost structure of the Group.

Solar energy is among the most efficient and reliable form of renewable energy with lower installation costs than hydropower,
nuclear power and wind power. It is also safer in operation. There will be an increasing number of solar farms to be constructed
in the PRC and global markets in the near future in support of the national goal of “carbon neutrality” by 2060. European
market has enjoyed a high growth due to the energy crisis brought by the Russia-Ukraine war since 2022.

Polysilicon is an essential feedstock for photovoltaics and is widely used to manufacture conventional solar cells. A new
polysilicon associated company with 48% stake has formed with Xinyi Solar in Yunnan Province, which is under construction
and expected to increase the Group’s green and renewable energy investments and profit in 2024. The Directors believe that
clean and renewable energy will become the major source of energy in the future and that the demand for clean and renewable
energy will continue to increase in the PRC and global markets.

The Group will continue to allocate sufficient resources to R&D, enhancement of product quality and development of new
products and materials, models and features, new equipment, improved production flow as well as exploring new markets,
increasing production efficiency, achieving carbon neutrality goal. The Group also conducts staff trainings for the purpose of
maintaining the production safety standards, competitiveness, marketing skill and, ultimately, enhancing profitability.




8     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONCLUSION

The Group continues to tackle and overcome different challenges amidst changes in the global market environments and geo-
politic risks by bolstering its efficiency and increasing its profitability through more effective and flexible management capability
across its cash management, information technology, logistics, procurement and supply chain, production, operational,
marketing and R&D activities, as well as expansion of its business collaboration with its customers, suppliers and business
partners. The Directors believe that these will enable the Group to maximise the profits from the domestic market in the PRC
and other emerging and overseas markets in addition to being cautiously optimistic about the Group’s long-term business
development prospects.

The Group will continue to refine its proven business strategies to maintain and strengthen its growth and performance in
future. To sustain its industry-leading position, the Group is also exploring opportunities for expanding its business presence
in the global glass and related upstream markets across a broad spectrum of industries, applications and products as well as
developing other business partnerships that would be beneficial to the overall business development of the Group and its
employees and shareholders (the “Shareholders”) of the Company.




Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
Chairman

28 February 2024




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023        9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


INTRODUCTION

The Group is engaged in the production and sales of a wide range of glass products, including automobile glass, energy-saving
architectural glass, high-quality float glass and glass products for different commercial and industrial applications. These glass
products are manufactured at the Group’s production facilities which are strategically located in the PRC and Malaysia. In the
PRC, the Group’s production facilities are established in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Jiangmen in Guangdong Province, Wuhu
in Anhui Province, Chongqing, Tianjin, Yingkou in Liaoning Province, Deyang in Sichuan Province, Zhangjiagang in Jiangsu
Province, Beihai in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, and Chengmai County in Hainan Province. In Malaysia, the Group
operates a production facility in Malacca. In addition to the glass products, the Group also produces rubber, plastic and value
added ADAS components for automobile glass.

The Group’s customers are located in over 140 countries and territories, including the PRC, Hong Kong, the United States
(“US”), Canada, Australia, New Zealand and other countries in Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa and the Americas. The
Group’s customers include companies engaged in a wide range of business activities, from the automobile glass manufacturing,
wholesaling and distribution; automobile repairs and maintenance; vehicle manufacturing; curtain wall design, engineering and
installation; architectural and furniture glass manufacturing; electronic, industrial and household appliance manufacturing to the
float glass manufacturing, wholesaling and distribution.


BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the depreciation of RMB caused by a strong US dollar with rising interest rates, the
slowdown PRC property market and tight liquidity has significantly affected the PRC economy. The Group’s three glass product
businesses, namely float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, have faced different challenges in sales volume and
selling prices.

In 2023, the revenue of the Group slightly increased by 4.1% to HK$26,798.5 million, as compared to HK$25,746.0 million
in 2022. Profit for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company increased by 4.6% to HK$5,365.1 million,
as compared to HK$5,127.2 million in 2022. The compound annual growth rate of the Group’s sales during the five-year
period including 2023 was 13.3%. Basic earnings per share amounted to 129.2 HK cents, representing an increase of 2.1%
as compared to 2022. The Board considers that the Group has achieved a reasonable level of profitability amid the global
unfavourable market conditions. The Board proposes to declare a final dividend of 37.0 HK cents per share, subject to the
approval by the Shareholders at the AGM.




10    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Sales
The sales revenue of the Group slightly increased by 4.1% in 2023, principally due to the increases in the sales volume of
float glass and architectural glass products in the PRC market even with the depreciation of RMB. The slight decrease in the
automobile glass revenue was mainly due to the impact of drop of overseas freight costs of the cost, insurance and freight (CIF)
sales of automobile glass during the year and the depreciation of RMB, even though there was an increase of sales volume of
automobile glass in 2023.

The tables below set forth the Group’s sales by products and by geographical regions:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                                2023                                     2022
                                                                   HK$’million                     %         HK$’million                   %

By Products
Float glass products                                                   17,467.9                 65.2            16,587.8                 64.4
Automobile glass products (Note)                                        5,981.0                 22.3             6,081.3                 23.6
Architectural glass products                                            3,349.6                 12.5             3,076.9                 12.0

                                                                       26,798.5                100.0            25,746.0                100.0


Note:

Included sales of automobile glass and automobile rubber and plastic components on an original equipment manufacturing (“OEM”) basis and

on aftermarkets basis, respectively.

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                                2023                                     2022
                                                                   HK$’million                     %         HK$’million                   %

By Geographical Regions
Greater China (Note (a))                                               19,427.7                 72.5            17,567.0                 68.2
Others (Note (b))                                                       7,370.8                 27.5             8,179.0                 31.8

                                                                       26,798.5                100.0            25,746.0                100.0


Notes:

(a)      Greater China include the PRC and Hong Kong.

(b)      Others include Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Africa, the Middle East, Central America, North and South America and other countries.




                                                                                  XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023          11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Cost of Sales
The increase in the production costs was mainly attributable to the significant increase in the average costs of raw materials and
energy in the PRC during the 1H2023 which were consistent with the increase in the sales volume of float glass, automobile
glass and architectural glass. The production costs reduced in the 2H2023 with the improved production efficiency, cost
control measures and the increasing use of renewable energy by the Group. As a result, the cost of sales increased by 6.6% to
HK$18,186.8 million in 2023, as compared to HK$17,059.6 million in 2022.


Gross Profit
The gross profit of the Group in 2023 amounted to HK$8,611.8 million, representing a slight decrease of 0.9%, as compared to
HK$8,686.4 million in 2022. The overall gross profit margin decreased from 33.7% to 32.1% principally due to the depreciation
of RMB during the year and the increase in the cost of sales.


Other Income
Other income slightly increased to HK$665.8 million, as compared to HK$663.4 million in 2022.


Other (Losses)/Gains, Net
There was a net other losses of HK$56.5 million. As compared to the net other gains of HK$192.6 million in 2022, the
significant difference was mainly due to the significant decrease in the other foreign exchange gain in 2023.


Selling and Marketing Costs
The Group’s selling and marketing costs decreased by 27.6% to HK$1,310.3 million in 2023. The decrement was principally due
to the decrease in the domestic and overseas transportation costs.


Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses decreased by 5.2% to HK$2,263.2 million in 2023, mainly due to the
depreciation of RMB as the principal currency used in the administrative and other operating expenses incurred by the Group in
the PRC.


Share of Profits of Associates
Share of profits of associates was mainly generated from the Company’s associate companies, namely Xinyi Solar Holdings
Limited (“Xinyi Solar”) and Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited. The share profits slightly increased to HK$1,007.4 million, as
compared to HK$922.8 million in 2022. The increase was mainly due to the increased profit contribution from these two
companies.




12   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Finance Costs
The Group’s finance costs increased significantly by 35.5% to HK$503.4 million in 2023 mainly due to the increase in the
HIBOR rate during the year. A portion of the interest expense incurred as construction-in-progress and acquisition of land, plant
and machinery at the production complexes in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia has been capitalised under construction-in-
progress and will be depreciated subsequently once the related production facilities and the new production lines commence
the commercial operation. An interest expense amounted to HK$104.5 million was capitalised under construction-in-progress in
2023, which was an increase of 203.8% as compared to HK$34.4 million in 2022. An increase in the capitalised amount interest
expense in 2023 represented an increase in the capital expenditure incurred by the Group on building and construction.


Earnings Before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”)
EBITDA increased by 5.2% to HK$8,162.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2023, as compared to HK$7,755.8 million in
2022.


Income Tax Expense
The Group’s income tax expense increased significantly by 12.8% to HK$965.6 million in 2023 due to the increased amount of
profits generated and the increase in the payment of PRC dividend withholding tax during the year. The effective tax rate was
15.2%, which was lower than the standard tax rates mainly due to more profits generated by the Company’s subsidiaries that
are qualified for the preferential CIT tax rate of 15% for PRC high-tech enterprise.

The PRC dividend withholding tax of HK$177.4 million was paid in 2023 (2022: HK$70.1 million).

A total amount of RMB1,290.0 million dividends from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries were re-invested in the PRC and hence, no
withholding tax has been recognised in accordance with the PRC dividend withholding tax rules under the current PRC taxation
policies in 2023.


Net Profit
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$5,365.1 million in 2023, representing an increase of 4.6%, as
compared to HK$5,127.2 million in 2022. Net profit margin increased to 20.0% in 2023.


CURRENT RATIO

The Group’s current ratio as of 31 December 2023 was 1.20, as compared with 1.09 as of 31 December 2022. The increase in
the current ratio was mainly due to higher bills receivables and other receivables at end of the year.


NET CURRENT ASSETS

As of 31 December 2023, the Group had net current assets of HK$2,263.5 million, as compared to HK$1,016.0 million as of 31
December 2022. The increase was in line with the increases in the current ratio and net profit.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND COMMITMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group incurred an aggregate capital expenditure of HK$3,513.9 million (2022:
HK$2,624.4 million) for the purchase of plant and machinery and the construction of factory premises in the PRC, Malaysia
and Indonesia. Capital commitments contracted for but not incurred by the Group as of 31 December 2023 amounted to
HK$1,557.3 million (2022: HK$1,378.2 million), which was mainly related to the investment in Yunnan Province and new
production capacities of architectural glass, automobile glass and float glass, to be expanded in the PRC and Indonesia.


CAPITAL STRUCTURE

There has been no material change in the capital structure of the Company during the year. The capital of the Group companies
comprises the ordinary shares.


FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

In 2023, the Group’s primary source of funding included cash generated from its operating activities and the new banking
facilities provided by its principal banks in Hong Kong and the PRC. Net cash inflow from operating activities amounted to
HK$5,001.2 million (2022: HK$6,737.3 million) as a result of an increase in net profit for the year and efficient working capital
management which led to a net cash surplus from operations. As of 31 December 2023, the Group had cash and bank balances
(including fixed deposits and pledged bank deposits) of HK$3,426.6 million (2022: HK$8,167.3 million).


BANK BORROWINGS

As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s bank borrowings amounted to HK$8,174.0 million, representing a decrease of 39.5%, as
compared to HK$13,515.7 million as of 31 December 2022, because of the repayment of bank loans by cash on hand to reduce
the loan interest expense during the year.

The Group’s net debt gearing ratio as of 31 December 2023 was 13.3% (31 December 2022: 16.7%). This ratio was calculated
by dividing the net debt, which is calculated as total bank borrowings plus lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, fixed
bank deposits and pledged bank deposits, by the total equity of the Group as of 31 December 2023.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As of 31 December 2023, bank balance of HK$146.8 million has been pledged as collateral principally for import duties payable
to the US government.




14    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of 31 December 2023, the Group had 15,816 full-time employees, of whom 14,861 were based in the PRC and 955 were
based in Hong Kong and other countries and territories. The Group maintains good relationship with its employees and provides
employees with sufficient training in business and professional knowledge including information about the applications of the
Group’s products and skills in maintaining good client relationship. Remuneration packages offered to the Group’s employees
are generally consistent with prevailing market rates and are reviewed on a regular basis. Discretionary bonus may be awarded
to employees taking into consideration the Group’s performance and that of individual staff.

Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, the Group has participated in relevant defined contribution retirement schemes
administered by responsible government authorities in the PRC for its employees there. The Group’s employees in Hong
Kong are all participating in mandatory provident fund arrangements as required by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong).


FINAL DIVIDEND

At the meeting of the Board held on 28 February 2024, the Directors consider that the Group has achieved a reasonable level
of profitability in an unfavourable market condition and recommended the payment of a final dividend (the “Final Dividend”)
of 37.0 HK cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2023. The recommendation of payment of the Final Dividend is
subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM which is expected to be held on Friday, 31 May 2024. If approved by
the Shareholders, it is expected that the Final Dividend will be paid on or about Wednesday, 7 August 2024 to the Shareholders
whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Tuesday, 11 June 2024.

Shareholders will be given an option to receive the Final Dividend in cash or wholly or partly in new and fully paid shares of the
Company in lieu of cash. The scrip dividend scheme (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”) is subject to the Stock Exchange granting
the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be allotted and issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.

The Company will announce separately further information on the Scrip Dividend Scheme which includes the market value
of the scrip shares under the Scrip Dividend Scheme which is expected to represent a discount to the average closing price
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days commencing on Tuesday, 4 June 2024 until
Tuesday, 11 June 2024 (both days inclusive) rounded down to two decimal places.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      15
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


TREASURY POLICIES AND EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES

The Group has adopted treasury policies for the purpose of optimising the use of readily-available financial resources for the
business needs of its different subsidiaries. The Directors believe that such treasury policies are an integral part of the business
operations of the Group and are beneficial to the Group as a whole by reducing the costs and interests that may otherwise be
borne by its relevant subsidiaries in arranging the required banking facilities to meet obligations. For example, the Group has
adopted a centralised approach in managing funds available to its headquarters, subsidiaries and branches, including cash, bank
deposits, securities, bills and other financial instruments. These assets, such as bills and financial instruments, are managed and
arranged amongst subsidiaries of the Group through proper endorsements or transfers to the different subsidiaries so they can
be fully utilised to meet the Group’s payment obligations with minimal financing cost. The Group closely monitors the level
of use and the value of each of these transactions only represents an immaterial part of its total assets and undertakings. The
Directors believe that these policies promote the efficient use of the Group’s financial resources.

In addition, the treasury policies of the Group also include mechanisms to mitigate its foreign exchange risks. The Group mainly
operates in the PRC with most of its significant transactions denominated and settled in RMB and in US Dollars (“USD”). The
exchange rate fluctuations between the RMB and the USD or the RMB and the HKD, the reporting currency of the Group, could
affect the Group’s performance and asset value. The Directors do not foresee the Group is subject to any significant foreign
exchange risk for transactions conducted in HKD or USD. The exchange rate fluctuations between the Malaysian Ringgit and the
HKD could also affect the Group’s performance and asset value.

Because of the depreciation in the exchange rate of the RMB during the year, the Group reported non-cash translation
decreases in the exchange reserve of its consolidated balance sheet — when converting RMB-denominated assets into HKD.
For the year ended 31 December 2023, an exchanges reserve decrease of HK$926.8 million was recorded as foreign currency
translation reserve movement. As a result, the balance of the consolidated foreign currency translation reserve account recorded
a debit balance of HK$3,507.0 million as of 31 December 2023, as compared to a debit balance of HK$2,580.2 million as of 31
December 2022.

Relating to the Group’s majority business is in the PRC, revenue from the sales of glass products in the PRC is denominated
in RMB whilst most bank borrowings are denominated in both of RMB and HKD. In implementing its treasury policies, the
Group maintained a deliberate balance between the currency risk and the interest savings arising from HKD-denominated bank
borrowings. As of 31 December 2023, 39.1% of the bank borrowings of the Group were denominated in HKD and 54.5% of
the bank borrowings of the Group were denominated in RMB.

The Group has not experienced any material difficulties and liquidity issues resulting from currency exchange fluctuations.
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group has not used any financial instrument for hedging purposes.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of 31 December 2023, the Group did not have any significant contingent liability (31 December 2022: Nil).


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

Save as disclosed in this report, there was no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies during
the year ended 31 December 2023.



16    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                               Profile of Directors and Senior Management


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (李賢義) aged 71, is the Chairman and founder, responsible for the Group’s business strategy. Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, S.B.S. has more than 35 years’ experience in the automobile glass industry. Prior to establishing the Group, Dr. LEE Yin Yee,
S.B.S. was involved in the trading of automobile parts. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. has been the member of the 10th, 11th, 12th
and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and an honorary citizen of Shenzhen
in the PRC. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. obtained a honorable doctorate degree in engineering from the Universiti Teknikal Malaysia
Melaka in November 2018. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was appointed in December 2003 as the first chairman of Fujian Chamber
of Commerce in Shenzhen (formerly known as Shenzhen Fujian Corporate Association). Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is also the Life
Honorary Chairman of the Hong Kong Quanzhou Clans United Association and the Fukienese Association Limited in Hong Kong.
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, the executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is also the brother-in-
law of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor, the Vice Chairman and executive Director and brother-in-law of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching
Sai J.P., the Chief Executive Officer and executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was appointed as the executive Director on 25
June 2004. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. currently is the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (”Xinyi
Solar“), a company listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (stock code:
0968). He was an executive director of Xinyi Solar and re-designated as the non-executive director on 31 July 2023. Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, S.B.S. was the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”), a company listed on
the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3868) from 28 May 2019 to 4 August 2020.

Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M (董清波), aged 61, is the Vice Chairman and Chief Purchasing Officer, responsible for
managing the Group’s daily operations and overseeing the purchasing functions. Prior to joining us in January 2000, Datuk Wira
TUNG Ching Bor had over 23 years’ experience in automobile parts purchase. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor was a member of the
10th Anhui Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and a member of Nanping Municipal
Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference in Fujian. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor is the brother-in-
law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., the executive Director, brother of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., the Chief Executive Officer
and executive Director, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, the executive Director. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor was appointed as
the executive Director on 25 June 2004.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      17
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M , J.P. (董清世), aged 58, is the executive Director and Chief Executive Officer. Tan Sri
Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. has been with the Group for over 35 years since the inception in November 1988 and is responsible
for overseeing the Group’s daily operations. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is a member of National Committee of the
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and a standing committee member of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
Regional Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, (中國人民政治協商會議廣西壯族自治區委員會
常務委員), a member of the executive committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce (全國工商聯執行委員
會委員), chairman of the Happy Hong Kong Foundation, and the president of Hong Kong Industrial & Commercial Association,
vice chairman of the China Architectural and Industrial Glass Association (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會), the Third Shenzhen
Municipal Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneur in September 2001 and was awarded the “Young Industrialist Awards of Hong
Kong 2006”. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. graduated from the Sun Yat-Sen University with an executive master degree of
business administration in 2007. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., brother of
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, all of them are the executive Directors. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching
Sai, J.P. was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the vice chairman and
non-executive director of Xinyi Solar, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0968), the vice
chairman and executive director of Xinyi Energy, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3868)
and the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Electric Storage”). a company
listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (“GEM”) of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).

Mr. LEE Shing Kan (李聖根), aged 44, is the executive Director and is responsible for overseeing the overall automobile glass
operation. Mr. LEE Shing Kan joined the Company in January 2005. Mr. LEE Shing Kan holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce
from The University of Melbourne, Australia and a master’s degree in applied finance from Monash University, Australia. Mr. LEE
Shing Kan is the standing member of the Sichuan Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference
and chief supervisor of the Federation of HK Sichuan Community organisations. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was the director (2012-2014)
of Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. Mr. LEE Shing Kan has been the executive committee member and the chairman of the Lok
Sin Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon since 2018 and April 2023 respectively. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee,
S.B.S., nephew of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P., all of them are the executive Director.
Mr. LEE Shing Kan was appointed as the executive Director on 15 October 2008. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is a non-executive director
of Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).




18   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai (李清懷), aged 66, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. LI Ching Wai has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. LI Ching Wai was appointed as the
non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. SZE Nang Sze (施能獅), aged 66, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to
joining the Group, Mr. SZE Nang Sze has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. SZE Nang Sze was appointed
as the non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. LI Ching Leung (李清涼), aged 67, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2004. Mr. LI Ching
Leung was the assistant general manager of the Wuhu production complex. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. LI Ching Leung has
worked in the trading of automobile parts industry, manufacturing of plastic products and mould industry, and manufacturing
of leather products industry. Mr. LI Ching Leung was appointed as the executive Director on 25 August 2004 and was re-
designated as the non-executive Director on 14 September 2005.

Mr. NG Ngan Ho (吳銀河), aged 59, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2003. Mr. NG Ngan
Ho was responsible for overseeing the financial and purchasing matters of the Dongguan production complex. Mr. NG Ngan Ho
was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004 and was re-designated as the non-executive Director on 1 July 2007.
Mr. NG Ngan Ho is the executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
8328).




                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023    19
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. (林廣兆), aged 90, is the vice chairman of BOC International Holdings Limited, the honorary
chairman of Hong Kong Federation of Fujian Associations, the Life Honorary Chairman of Hong Kong Fukien Chamber of
Commerce, the vice chairman of Fujian Hong Kong Economic Co-operation, the Life Honorary Chairman of the Chinese General
Chamber of Commerce, the Adviser of the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association, the honorary president of the Chinese
Bankers Club of Hong Kong. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu has also been the director of Bank of China International Limited (formerly
named “BOCI Capital Limited”) since July 2002. Mr. LAM Kwong Sui has been an independent non-executive director of Fujian
Holdings Limited (stock code: 0181) since December 2003, Yuzhou Group Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 1628) since
October 2009 and Far East Consortium International Limited (stock code: 0035) since September 2011, all of them are listed on
the main board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was an independent non-executive director of Skymission Group
Holdings Limited (stock code:1429) from November 2019 to September 2021, the shares of which are listed on the main board
of the Stock Exchange. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was awarded the HKSAR Gold Bauhinia Star and Silver Bauhinia Star in 2016 and
2003, respectively. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.

Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel (王則左), aged 74, is currently a Barrister-at-Law in Hong Kong and a Chartered Arbitrator. Mr.
WONG Chat Chor Samuel, a member of several arbitration institutions, is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, a
Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, Executive Council member of the Hong Kong Society for Rehabilitation and
Crime Prevention, is the immediate past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, is a member of the International
Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) and the ICC Arbitration Committee of Hong Kong. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is also on
the panels of the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission, the Hong Kong International Arbitration
Center and on the panels of the Arbitration Commissions of Wuhan, Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration, Shanghai
Court of International Arbitration, Guangzhou and Nanjing of China. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel was a member of the
Peoples’ Political Consultative Committee of Wenzhou, Zhejiang, the PRC. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel received a master
degree in business administration from Harvard University and a master and a bachelor degree in Arts from Tufts University,
Massachusetts. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.

Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John (陳傳華), aged 52, obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Simon Fraser
University in June 1993 and obtained a doctorate degree of ministry from Fuller Theological Seminary in 2017. Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John is currently a minister of Evangelical Free Church of China Jachin Church Limited. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John has
over 16 years of experience in accounting and investment banking industry, during which Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John had
worked in Price Waterhouse (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers) and various financial institutions and investment banks in
Hong Kong. During the period between 2003 and 2006, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was the Managing Director and the Head
of Investment Banking of Kingsway Financial Services Group Limited (“Kingsway Group”). Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was a
consultant to Kingsway Group during the period from 2006 to 2009. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a member of each of
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 1996 and
1997, respectively. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a Chartered Financial Analyst (granted by the Association for Investment
Management and Research) in September 1999. Dr.TRAN Chuen Wah, John was appointed as the independent non-executive
Director on 31 December 2012.




20   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J,P. (楊紹信), aged 68, is currently serving as a member of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese
People’s Political Consultative Conference, a Justice of the Peace in Hong Kong, a Steward of the Hong Kong Jockey Club, an
independent non-executive director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (stock code: HK: 1398; SH: 601398),
which is publicly listed on the Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and an independent non-executive director
of Tencent Holdings Limited (stock code: 0700) and Man Wah Holdings Limited (stock code: 1999), which are publicly listed on
the Stock Exchange. Dr. YANG Siu Shun retired from PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) on 30 June 2015. Before his retirement,
he served as the Chairman and Senior Partner of PwC Hong Kong, the Executive Chairman and Senior Partner of PwC China
and Hong Kong, one of the five members of the Global Network Leadership Team of PwC and the PwC Asia Pacific Chairman.
Dr. YANG Siu Shun served as a Member of the Exchange Fund Advisory Committee of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, up
to 31 August 2021. Dr. YANG Siu Shun also served as a Board Member and the Audit Committee Chairman of The Hang Seng
University of Hong Kong (formerly known as Hang Seng Management College), up to 30 September 2018 and the Deputy
Chairman of the Council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University (“HKMU”) (formerly known as The Open University of Hong
Kong), up to 19 June 2019. Dr. YANG Siu Shun graduated from the London School of Economics and Political Science in 1978
and was awarded the degree of Honorary Doctor of Social Sciences by HKMU in 2019. Dr. YANG Siu Shun is a Fellow Member
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants. Dr. YANG Siu Shun was appointed as the independent non-executive
Director of the Company on 2 June 2022.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. LAU Sik Yuen (劉錫源), aged 57, is the Company Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of the Group. Prior
to joining the Group in April 2003, Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had over thirteen years’ experience in auditing and financial accounting
industry. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is responsible for the Group’s financial, management and cost accounting, taxation, treasury and
investor relations strategy and operation. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers for over five years, and had
been the financial controller of a subsidiary of a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange for over three years.
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. XU Bi Zhong (許必忠), aged 55, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s logistics and
electronic glass operations. Mr. XU Bi Zhong obtained a diploma of administrative management from Shenzhen University. Prior
to joining the Group in May 2004, Mr. XU Bi Zhong worked for a float glass trading company and a float glass plant in PRC for
over twelve years.

Mr. LENG Xue Feng (冷雪峰), aged 56, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s float glass
operation. Mr. LENG Xue Feng obtained bachelor degree in silicate from Qíqíhaer Light Industrial University. Prior to joining the
Group in July 2007, Mr. LENG Xue Feng had worked in float glass manufacturing sector for eighteen years.

Mr. GUO Jian Lin (郭建林), aged 55, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s information and
technology centre and supply chain management. Mr. GUO obtained a bachelor degree in industrial management from Jiangxi
University of Finance and Economics. Mr. GUO is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Prior to
joining the Group in March 2008, Mr. GUO worked in accounting and auditing sector.

Mr. LIAO Jiang Hong (廖江洪), aged 46, is the General Manager of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s architectural
glass projects operation. Mr. LIAO Jiang Hong obtained a diploma of psychology from Chinese Academy of Sciences. He joined
the Group in April 1994.


                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     21
Corporate Governance Report


The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in the management structure and internal control
procedures of the Group for the purpose of ensuring that all business activities of the Group and the decision-making process
are properly regulated and are in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. For corporate governance purpose,
the Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set forth in Part 2 of the Appendix C1 to The Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the year of
2023.

In the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the CG Code
throughout the year ended 31 December 2023.

The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. Its key responsibilities include providing
leadership and supervision to the Management with a view to protecting the Shareholders’ interests and enhancing
Shareholders’ long-term value.

The Board has established the Group’s purpose, values and strategies and was satisfied that they are aligned with the Group’s
culture. All Directors must act with integrity, lead by example, and promote the desired culture. The Board should instil and
continually reinforce across the Company’s values of “acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly”.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board closely monitored the implementation of corporate governance practice,
risk management and internal control systems to ensure the corporate value and the Company’s culture are aligned.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

One of the responsibilities of the Board is to prevent fraud and non-compliance issues, safeguard the assets of the Group
and formulate the overall business strategies for the Group. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors, four non-
executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors. Further information on the Directors is set forth on pages 17
to 21 of this annual report.

The four executive Directors are Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.
and Mr. LEE Shing Kan. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, and also the brother-in-law of Datuk Wira
TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor is the elder brother of Tan Sri Datuk
TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Hence, Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and nephew of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor
and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P..

The four non-executive Directors are Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. LI Ching Leung and Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

The four independent non-executive Directors are Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John and Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P..

The Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive directors, one independent non-executive director of which has the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related finance management expertise and the independent non-executive directors represent at
least one-third of the Board.




22      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company provide that at each annual general meeting, one-third of the
Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation and that every Director shall subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years. Where there is any casual vacancy in the Board, candidates will be proposed and put forward to the
Board for consideration and approval, with a view to appointing to the Board individuals with the appropriate capabilities to fill
the casual vacancy.

All of the four non-executive Directors were appointed for a term of three years, commenced from 1 January 2023. For the
independent non-executive Directors, Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. and Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, were appointed for a
term of three years commenced from 3 February 2023. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was appointed for a term of three years
commenced from 31 December 2021 and Dr. YANG Siu Shum, J.P. appointed for a term commenced from 2 June 2022 to
31 December 2024. The Company has received written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in
respect of his independence in accordance with the independence guidelines pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors have fulfilled the independence guidelines set forth under
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the Chairman of the Group and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the Chief Executive Officer of the
Group. The Chairman is responsible for managing and providing leadership to the Board. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is responsible
for ensuring that the Group has maintained strong and effective corporate governance practices and procedures. The Chief
Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the business of the Group. With the assistance of other
members of the Board and other senior management, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. closely monitors the operating and
financial results of the Group, identifies any weakness in the operation and takes all necessary and appropriate steps to remedy
such weakness. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is also responsible for formulating the future business plans and strategies of
the Group for the Board’s approval.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      23
Corporate Governance Report


Attendance records of the Directors at board meetings and general meeting in 2023 are as follows:

                                                                                              Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                    Annual
                                                                                                    general          Board
                                                                                                    meeting      meetings

Executive Directors
     LEE Yin Yee                                                                                        1/1             4/4
     TUNG Ching Bor                                                                                     1/1             4/4
     TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                     1/1             4/4
     LEE Shing Kan                                                                                      1/1             4/4

Non-executive Directors
     LI Ching Wai                                                                                       1/1             4/4
     LI Ching Leung                                                                                     1/1             4/4
     SZE Nang Sze                                                                                       1/1             4/4
     NG Ngan Ho                                                                                         1/1             4/4

Independent non-executive Directors
     LAM Kwong Siu                                                                                      1/1             4/4
     WONG Chat Chor Samuel                                                                              1/1             4/4
     TRAN Chuen Wah, John                                                                               1/1             4/4
     YANG Siu Shun                                                                                      1/1             4/4

During the financial year ended 31 December 2023, the Board has four meetings and majority of the Directors had attended
these meetings.

The Board is responsible for the formulation of the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, monitoring and evaluating
the operating and financial performance, the review of the corporate governance measures and supervision of the overall
management of the Group. The senior management of the Group is responsible for the implementation of the business
strategies and the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Directors have
full access to all the information of the Group in regard to the business operation and financial performance of the Group.
Senior management of the Group also provides the Directors from time to time with information on business operation of the
Group.




24      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
MECHANISM REGARDING INDEPENDENT VIEWS TO THE BOARD

The Board has implemented different ways to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board (the “Mechanism”).
The Board will conduct annual review on the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism and the results will be
presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism and the
results were satisfactory.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set forth
in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors. Directors are reminded
of their obligations under the Model Code on a regular basis. Having made specific enquiries to the Directors, all Directors
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard of dealings as set forth in the Model Code throughout the year
ended 31 December 2023.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat
Chor Samuel, Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. and Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P.. The chairman of the
Remuneration Committee is Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S..

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing the terms of the remuneration packages of and
determining the award of bonuses to Directors and senior management and reviewing and approving matters related to share
schemes. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. During the year ended 31
December 2023, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held and all the committee members attended this meeting.

Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the
year ended 31 December 2023 is set forth below:


                                                                                                                     Number of
In the band of                                                                                                       individuals

Over HK$15,000,000                                                                                                            4
HK$2,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                                                                  5

Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 161 to 163 in this
annual report.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     25
Corporate Governance Report


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.,
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P.. Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. is the
chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee assists the Board to review the financial information and reporting process, evaluate the effectiveness of
internal control systems and oversee the auditing processes of the Group. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2023
for reviewing the annual and interim financial results and reports as well as the financial reporting and compliance procedures,
internal control and risk management systems, scope of work and appointment of external auditors, and all the committee
members attended these meetings.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee of the Board consists of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LAM Kwong
Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel and Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P.. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is Dr. LEE
Yin Yee, S.B.S..

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board on a regular
basis, assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the Company, and make recommendations to the
Board regarding the appointment, retirement and re-election of Directors. The Nomination Committee was established on 29
October 2007 and its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Nomination
Committee held one meeting for annual review of board structure and diversity and the independence of the independent non-
executive Directors for the year ended 31 December 2023. All the committee members attended this meeting.




26    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
NOMINATION POLICY

When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any
existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including without limitation the
following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

–     Reputation for integrity;

–     Achieve board diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
      professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

–     Merit and contribution that candidate will bring to the Board;

–     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Listing Rules for the appointment of an independent
      non-executive Director if the proposed candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director; and

–     Able to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder
of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board.

Procedures for Shareholders’ nomination of any proposed candidate for election as a director are stated in “Mechanisms
available for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company” and disclosed in the Company’s
website.


BOARD DIVERSITY

The Board considers that its diversity is a vital asset to the business and has adopted a board diversity policy for better
transparency and governance. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The Company adopted the board
diversity policy (the “Diversity Policy”) as required by the CG Code. The Nomination Committee will discuss and agree on
measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption,
as set forth in the Diversity Policy of the Company.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   27
Corporate Governance Report


The members of the Board, who come from a variety of different backgrounds, have a diverse range of business, and
professional expertise. A majority of the Directors have more than 26 years’ experience serving as an executive officer or a
director of a company in the glass industry. The table below sets forth an analysis of the Board’s current composition based on
the measurable objectives:

Measurable objective                                 Category                                             Number of Director

Gender                                               Male                                                                   12
                                                     Female                                                                  —

Age                                                  41-60                                                                    4
                                                     Over 60                                                                  8

Based on the foregoing, the composition and diversity of the Board enable the management to benefit from a diverse and
objective external perspective, on issues raised before the Board.

Brief biographical particulars of the Directors, together with information relating to the relationship among them, are set forth
on pages 17 to 21 in this annual report.

There is no female Director in the Board of the Company for the time being. According to Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rule,
the Stock Exchange will not consider diversity to be achieved for a single gender board. Henceforth, the Board is planning to
improve the gender diversity at board level and across the workforce, and is in the process of seeking one or more suitable
candidates of different gender to join the Board as Director(s) on or before 31 December 2024.

As of 31 December 2023, among the 15,816 employees (including senior management) of the Group, the percentages of male
employees and female employees are 88% and 12%, respectively. The Board considers that the Group’s workforce (including
senior management) is diverse in terms of gender.

The Nomination Committee was of the opinion that the Board consisted of members with diversified age, cultural and education
background, professional/business experience, skills and knowledge. Further details for the diversity, including the gender
diversity, in the workforce during the year ended 31 December 2023 are set forth in the Environmental, Social and Governance
Report dated 30 April 2024 of the Company.




28    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 have been reviewed by the
audit committee and audited by the external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Directors acknowledge that it is their
responsibilities in (i) overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Group with a view to ensure that such financial
statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group, and (ii) selecting suitable accounting policies, applying
the selected accounting policies consistently, and making prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates for the preparation
of the financial statements of the Group.

The statement of the auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements
of the Group is set forth in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 57 to 62 of this annual report.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

For the year under review, the professional fees charged by the auditors of the group companies in respect of the auditing
services is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration paid to the auditor of the Group is
solely for audit of consolidated financial statements of the Group during the year, which amounted to approximately HK$3.6
million.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of risk management and internal control
so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the operations of the Group in achieving the established corporate objectives,
safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives of the Group.

The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

–     Well-defined organisational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting lines and
      responsibilities to minimise risk of errors and abuse;

–     Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major functions and
      operations;

–     Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained staff;

–     Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date business and financial
      reporting, immediate corrective actions are taken where necessary; and

–     Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of
risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       29
Corporate Governance Report


A risk-based approach is adopted to ensure that a methodical coverage of the Group’s operations and resources are focused
on high risk areas. The internal audit team takes the lead to evaluate the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group by reviewing the major operations of the Group on a rotational basis every year. The review covers all material controls
including financial, operational, compliance controls and risk management. Review results and recommendations in the form
of written reports are submitted to the Audit Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the
internal audit team to ensure that findings previously identified have been properly resolved.

Based on the results of the internal control review for the year ended 31 December 2023 and the assessment of the Audit
Committee thereon, no significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is
satisfied that appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for the year ended
31 December 2023.


INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY

The Company has established an inside information policy which contains the guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant
employees (likely possessing the unpublished inside information) of the Group to ensure that the inside information of the
Group is to be disseminated to public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and regulation.


DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

We provide to all the Directors a comprehensive induction package which includes introduction on the business operations,
internal procedures and general policy of the Company and a summary of statutory and regulatory obligations of directors
under the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. During the year, the Directors are provided with regular updates
on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge their duties. The Directors are also encouraged to attend both in-house training and training provided
by independent service providers. During the year, all Directors participated in various trainings organised by the Company,
including the “Disclosure Obligation for Listed Companies and Officers” and “Update on the requirements under the
Hong Kong Listing Rules, Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance”.
According to the training records maintained by the Company, each Director has confirmed that he has obtained reading and
training materials during the year and has attended the trainings in relation to various aspects, including but not limited to,
director’s duties, update on Listing Rules amendments and corporate governance practices.


COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary is Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a
member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. LAU is also the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
of the Group. He assists the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the policy and procedures of
the Board are followed. He has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in 2023, in compliance with Rule
3.29 of the Listing Rules.




30    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company endeavours to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective communications with its Shareholders
and investors. In an effort to facilitate and enhance the relationships and communication, the Company has established
a shareholders communication policy. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders
communication policy and the results were satisfactory. The Company has established the following channels:

(i)     the Annual General Meeting provides a forum for the Shareholders of the Company to raise comments and exchange
        views with the Board. The Directors are available at the Annual General Meetings of the Company to address Shareholders’
        queries;

(ii)    the Company maintains a website at www.xinyiglass.com, where updated key information/news of the Group is available
        for public access;

(iii)   interim and annual results are announced as early as possible, to keep the Shareholders of the Company informed of the
        Group’s performance and operations;

(iv)    investor, analyst and media briefing are held as early as practicable after the publication of the interim and annual results;

(v)     the Company’s management may meet with Shareholders, potential investors and research analysts upon request and
        provide update of the latest business development of the Group and answer their queries in accordance with the Group’s
        Inside Information Policy;

(vi)    Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal
        place of business of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary or via e-mail to “ir@xinyiglass.com.hk”;
        and

(vii)   Shareholders may direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong,
        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.




                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       31
Corporate Governance Report


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO CONVENE A SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING

Pursuant to Article 64 of the articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company, an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”)
shall also be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less
than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings, on a one vote per share
basis in the share capital of the Company . Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of
the Company for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in
such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such
deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may convene a physical
meeting at only one location, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board
shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


INVESTOR RELATIONS

During the year, the Company has made changes to its constitutional documents to be in line with the latest legal and
regulatory requirements, including the applicable laws of the Cayman Islands, the amendments made to Appendix A1 to the
Listing Rules which took effect on 1 January 2022 and provide flexibility to the Company in relation to the conduct of general
meetings. The adoption of the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company had obtained
shareholders’ approval at the annual general meeting held on 2 June 2023. For details, please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated 24 April 2023 and the circular of the Company dated 28 April 2023.

The Company’s constitutional documents is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




32    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                              Report of the Directors


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
31 December 2023.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding whereas its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the production
and sales of float glass products, automobile glass products, construction glass products and a variety of related products in
the PRC and Malaysia. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in Note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.

The analysis of the Group’s performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 by operating segments is set forth in
Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 are set forth in the consolidated income statement on
page 65 in this annual report. During the financial year, an interim dividend of 26.0 HK cents per Share, amounting to a total
of approximately HK$1,082.7 million, was paid to the Shareholders in cash or partially settled by the issuance of scrip shares in
respect of scrip dividend on Tuesday, 10 October 2023.


FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend (the “Final Dividend”) of 37.0 HK cents per Share for the
year ended 31 December 2023. The recommendation of payment of the Final Dividend are subject to the approval of the
Shareholders at the AGM to be held on Friday, 31 May 2024. If approved by the Shareholders, it is expected that the Final
Dividend will be paid on or about Wednesday, 7 August 2024 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of
members of the Company on Tuesday, 11 June 2024.

Shareholders will be given an option to receive the Final Dividend in cash or wholly or partly in new and fully paid shares of the
Company in lieu of cash. The scrip dividend scheme (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”) is subject to the Stock Exchange granting
the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be allotted and issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.

The Company will announce separately further information on the Scrip Dividend Scheme which includes the market value
of the scrip shares under the Scrip Dividend Scheme which is expected to represent a discount to the average closing price
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days commenced on Thursday, 6 June 2024 until
Tuesday, 11 June 2024 (both days inclusive) rounded down to two decimal places.


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

A business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 and its future development is set forth in the Chairman’s
Statement from pages 4 to 9 and Management’s Discussion and Analysis from pages 10 to 16 of this annual report.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     33
Report of the Directors


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the financial year are set forth in Note 18 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During year under review and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group had obtained and completed all material
licenses, certifications, permits and registration necessary for its business operations, and that the Group had complied in all
material aspects with all laws, rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group’s float glass production may generate air pollutants, waste water and other industrial waste at different stages of the
production process. To ensure compliance with the applicable PRC environmental protection laws and regulations, the Group
has implemented the following environmental protection measures:

—    Energy – Natural gas has been used as the principal energy source for the Group’s glass melting furnaces.

—    Power generation from residual heat – The Group’s float glass production plants have used the residual heat generated in
      the production processes for electricity generation.

—    Glass recycling – Scraped and unused glass produced during the production process have been recycled to the glass
      melting furnaces for production of float glass products.

Over the past few years, the Group has owned in one wind farm project in Anhui Province several small solar farm projects
inside the production complexes, which can help to improve air quality and the environment by reducing the consumption of
fossil fuels and emission of carbon dioxide.

In March 2019, the Group passed the Green Finance Certification of the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency and was
awarded the Pre-issuance Stage Certificate for Green Finance, confirming that the Group’s energy saving Low-e coating
architectural glass projects meet the requirements of green projects. The Group will actively promote financial innovation,
increase the exploration of green finance, expand the Group’s funding channels through green financing, and ensure our
sustainable development.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”) REPORT

The Group is in the process of preparing its ESG report for the year ended 31 December 2023 and will publish it on the Stock
Exchange’s website and the Company’s website on or before 30 April 2024.




34    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES

The Group values relationships with, and have been maintaining good relationships with its customers, raw material and
equipment suppliers, logistics service providers and the employees of the Group. During the year ended 31 December 2023,
there were no material dispute between the Group and its customers, suppliers and employees.

Customers are the Company’s greatest assets. Xinyi Glass is committed to the production of quality float glass, automobile
glass and architectural glass, with great emphasis on product quality and reputation. Over the years, the Company has
already established a professional and reliable corporate image among the customers. Xinyi Glass has been maintaining the
harmonious partnership of equal footing, honest cooperation and mutual benefits with suppliers. Supplier management has
been standardised. Supplier assessment system has been improved through tendering and procurement. This is to create a fair
and just competition environment for suppliers. Xinyi Glass adheres to the philosophy of “People-Oriented” and is committed to
providing the employees with a safe and healthy work environment. The staff members are encouraged to show their creativity
and potential, realising the co-development of the staff and the enterprise.


PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINIES

The business performance of the Group is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties:


Float glass business
—     The levels of demand and supply of float glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and are generally affected by
      construction and building materials industries, the overall macroeconomic factors in the principal property market, and the
      production capacity of other float glass manufacturers.

—     The Group may not be able to adjust its production levels promptly in response to the changing market environment and
      as a result, any unbalance between the demand and supply of float glass could create significant pressure on the selling
      prices.

—     As a float glass manufacturer, the Group follows the technology development which may cause demand for its float glass
      products to be reduced significantly.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The PRC environmental policies on air emission would affect the industry capacity and production costs.


Automobile glass business
—     The international trade war or extra import tariff or anti-dumping tax would affect the overseas sales.

—     The fluctuation of USD exchange rate would affect the overseas demand.

—     The international oil price would affect the transportation cost.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   35
Report of the Directors


Architectural glass business
—     The PRC property and financial policies would affect the demand of the architectural glass.

—     The levels of demand and supply of architectural glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and generally affected by
      the property and building industries.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

All of the above factors could adversely and materially affect the Group’s operating results and profitability.

Details of the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange and other financial risks are set forth in the section headed “Treasury
Policies and Exposure to Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates” in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 16 and
section headed “Financial Risk Management” in the consolidated financial statements from pages 74 to 82 of this annual report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the operating results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set forth in the
section headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report.


INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Details of this movement in investment properties of the Group during the year are set forth in Note 7 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year under review are set forth in Note 6 to
the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


DONATIONS

Donations by the Group for charitable and other purposes during the financial year amounted to HK$3,013,000 (2022:
HK$9,837,000).


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year under review are set forth in Note 17 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




36    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, as of 31 December 2023, share premium amounting to HK$2,528.9 million
(2022: HK$1,283.0 million) was distributable to Shareholders, subject to the condition that immediately following the date on
which the distribution or dividend is proposed to be made, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary
course of business.

As of 31 December 2023, the Company had distributable reserves available for distribution to Shareholders amounting to
HK$28.9 million (2022: HK$80.2 million) other than mentioned above.


DIVIDEND POLICY

In considering the payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and strike a proper balance between future business growth and rewarding the Shareholders of the Company.

Provided that the daily working capital needs of the Group can be satisfied and funding has been reserved for future
development, the Company intends to maintain a relatively stable dividend distribution ratio. However, the Company’s dividend
distribution record in the past does not necessarily imply that the same level of dividends may be declared or paid by the
Company in the future.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall take into account the financial performance and cash flow situation of the
Group, future expansion plans and capital requirements, interests of Shareholders, contractual restrictions on payment of
dividends, taxation considerations, statutory and regulatory restrictions, general economic conditions, business cycle of the
Group’s business and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

The Company may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate.
Any dividend unclaimed shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Company’s Memorandum
and Articles of Association.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of this annual report were:


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (Chairman)
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M (Vice Chairman)*
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. LEE Shing Kan




                                                                              XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023   37
Report of the Directors


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai
Mr. SZE Nang Sze*
Mr. LI Ching Leung
Mr. NG Ngan Ho


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John*
Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P.*

*       The Directors will retire from the directorship at the forthcoming AGM pursuant to Article 108 of the Company’s articles of association
        and all of them (except Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P.) are being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


DIRECTORS‘ SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has entered or has proposed to enter into any
service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which is not determinable by the Company within
one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS‘ REMUNERATION

The Company‘s policies concerning remuneration of the executive Directors are:

(i)     the amount of remuneration is determined on the basis of the relevant executive Director‘s experience, responsibility,
        workload and the time devoted to the Group;

(ii)    non-cash benefits may be provided to the executive Directors under their remuneration package;

(iii)   the executive Directors may be granted, at the discretion of the board of Directors, options pursuant to the share option
        scheme, as part of their remuneration package; and

(iv)    annual director fee of HK$300,000 for the year ended 31 December 2023, and HK$300,000 for the year ending 31
        December 2024.




38      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each non-executive Director in 2023, none of the non-executive Directors
received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature) from the Group.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each independent non-executive Director in 2023, none of the independent
non-executive Directors received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature)
from the Group. Such emoluments were determined with reference to the duties and responsibilities of each independent non-
executive Director and their mutual agreement with the Company.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS

No contracts, transactions and arrangements of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
financial year or at any time during the financial year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the financial year.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 18 January 2015 (the”Share Option Scheme”) for the purpose of
providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who have contributed to the success of the Group’s operations. A
summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is as follows:


(i)    Purpose

       The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to,
       rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the participants (as defined below) and for such
       other purposes as the Directors may approve from time to time.


(ii)   Participants

       For the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, participants (the “Participants”) include (i) any employees (whether full-
       time or part-time) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, associated companies, jointly controlled entities and related
       companies from time to time (collectively, the “Extended Group”); (ii) any directors (whether executive directors or non-
       executive directors or independent non-executive directors) of the Extended Group; (iii) customers of the Extended Group
       or any of the subsidiaries or associated companies of such customers; and (iv) any consultants, professionals and other
       advisers to each member of the Extended Group.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       39
Report of the Directors


(iii) Maximum number of shares

       The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share
       Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% (the “Scheme
       Mandate Limit”) of the total number of Shares in issue as of 18 January 2015.

       The Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit such that
       the total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and other share
       option schemes of the Company in issue shall not exceed 10% (the “Refreshed Limit”) of the issued share capital of the
       Company on the date the refreshment of such limit is approved.

       Notwithstanding the above, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
       granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company
       shall not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company if this will result in the aforesaid 30% limit
       being exceeded.

       The total number of securities available for issue under the Share Option Scheme was 148,555,788, representing 3.52%
       of the issued share capital of the Company as of the date of this annual report.


(iv)   Maximum entitlement of each Participant

       Unless with the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting, the maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued
       upon the exercise of the options granted to each Participant (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
       of the Shares in issue.


(v)    Option period

       An option must be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to be
       determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee, which period may commence from the date on which the offer
       for the grant of the option is made, but shall end in any event not later than 10 years from the date on which the offer for
       the grant of the option is made, subject to the provisions for early termination thereof.


(vi)   Acceptance and payment on acceptance

       An option may be accepted by a Participant within 30 days from the date of the offer for the grant of the option and the
       amount payable on acceptance of the grant of an option is HK$1.

       Unless otherwise determined by the Directors and stated in the offer for the grant of options to a grantee, there is neither
       any performance target that needs to be achieved by a grantee before an option can be exercised nor any minimum
       period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.




40     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(vii) Option price for subscription of shares

         The subscription price in respect of each Share issued under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price solely determined by
         the Directors but shall not be less than the highest of:

         (a)          the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of
                      grant, which must be a day (excluding a Saturday and Sunday) on which banks are generally open for business in
                      Hong Kong (the “Business Day”);

         (b)          the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five
                      Business Days immediately preceding the date of the grant; and

         (c)          the nominal value of a Share.


(viii) Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme

         The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing from 18 January 2015.

The following table sets forth movements in the share options of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023:

                                                                                                                                       Number of share options
                                                     Closing
                                                 price of the
                                                  Company’s
                                                      shares
                                                 immediately
                                      Exercise    before the
                                         price    grant date                                                                                                                                   At
                         Grant date      (HK$)         (HK$)    Vesting period         Exercise period      At 1/1/2023     Granted      Exercised             Lapsed     Cancelled     31/12/2023

Continuous contract      26/2/2019       9.53           9.70    26/2/2019-31/12/2021   1/4/2022-31/3/2023    15,622,100           —    (15,588.100)(1)              —       (34,000)            —
  employees              17/3/2020       8.82           8.27    17/3/2020-31/12/2022   1/4/2023-31/3/2024    29,798,166           —     (2,638,300)   (2)
                                                                                                                                                            (1,538,366)          —      25,621,500
                         2/3/2021       23.35          23.70    2/3/2021-31/12/2023    1/4/2024-31/3/2025    30,680,666           —              —          (1,509,512)          —      29,171,154
                         1/3/2022       21.80          20.75    1/3/2022-31/12/2024    1/4/2025-31/3/2026    31,741,700           —              —          (1,196,172)          —      30,545,528
                         1/3/2023      15.524          14.66    1/3/2023-31/12/2025    1/4/2026-31/3/2027            —    35,000,000             —          (2,946,500)          —      32,053,500

Total                                                                                                       107,842,632   35,000,000   (18,226,400)         (7,190,550)     (34,000)   117,391,682


(1)      The weighted average closing price of shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$14.99.

(2)      The weighted average closing price of shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$12.91.




                                                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023                                   41
Report of the Directors


For the year ended 31 December 2023, 35,000,000 share options were granted. The fair value of the equity-settled share
options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2023 was estimated at HK$4.1286. The
value of the share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2023 is to be expensed through the Group’s income
statement over the three-year vesting period of the share options.

The fair value of share options granted by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2023 was determined in
accordance with the valuation performed by an independent valuer using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Such model
is one of the commonly used models to estimate the fair value of an option. The significant variables and assumptions used
in computing the fair value of the share options are set forth in the table below. The value of an option varies with different
variables of a number of subjective assumptions. Any change in the variables so adopted may materially affect the estimation of
the fair value of an option.

Share price at the grant date (HK$)                                                                                 HK$15.02
Exercise price (HK$)                                                                                               HK$15.524
Volatility (%)                                                                                                     45.1180%
Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                   4.1278%
Expected share option life (years)                                                                      3 years and 6 months
Annual risk-free rate (%)                                                                                            3.9565%

The number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was 176,365,238 share options as of 1 January
2023 and 148,555,788 share options as of 31 December 2023.

The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year
ended 31 December 2023 divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the year ended 31 December 2023
is 0.84%.

During the year ended 31 December 2023, a total of 35,000,000 share options granted to the Company’s employee participants
and/or senior managers (the “Grantees”) of the Company, among of which 11,666,666 share options, representing one third
of the total share options granted, vested on 31 December 2023. Having considered that (i) such share options vested where the
performance target are satisfied during the performance period commenced from 1 January 2023 and ended on 31 December
2023, which is not less than 12 months, and (ii) the total vesting and holding period of the share options is more than 12
months, the Remuneration Committee and the Board consider that the grant of such share options with a shorter vesting period
could align the interests of the Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to the
Grantees to work towards success of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group, which is in
line with the purpose of the Share Option Scheme.

The vesting of the share options granted to the Grantees is subject to satisfaction of certain performance targets as determined
by the Board at its absolute discretion. The Board will assess the performance of the Group for the relevant year, including in
particular key performance indicators, such as revenue, profit and sales volume of the Group as a whole and of the applicable
business. Also, the Group has established a standard performance appraisal system for its employees to evaluate their
performance and contribution to the Group.




42    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
There is no clawback mechanism attached to the share options granted to the Grantees. The purpose of the Share Option
Scheme is to recognise and acknowledge the contributions the grantees had or may have made to the Group. The Share Option
Scheme also provides the grantees with an opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company with the view to satisfied the
objectives of (i) motivate the grantees to optimise their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group and (ii) attract and
retain or otherwise maintain on-going business relationship with the grantees whose contributions are or will be beneficial to
the long-term growth of the Group. Having considered that (i) the Grantees are the senior managers and the employees of
the Group who will contribute directly to the overall business performance, sustainable development and/or good corporate
governance of the Group; (ii) the grant of share options to the Grantees is a recognition for their past contributions to the
Group; and (iii) the share options are subject to the terms of the Share Option Scheme which provides for circumstances under
which the share options or any part thereof shall lapse in the event that the Grantees cease to be a senior manager and an
employee of the Group or commit a breach of the rules of the Share Option Scheme, the Remuneration Committee and the
Board consider that without additional clawback mechanism, the grant of the share options could align the interests of the
Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to the Grantees to work towards
successes of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group, which is in line with the purpose of
the Share Option Scheme.

Saved as disclosed above, the Company did not make any grant of share options to the Directors and/or senior managers as set
forth in Rules 17.03F, 17.06B(7) and 17.06B(8) of the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2023.

Further details of the Share Option Scheme are set forth in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.


BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of Directors and senior management are set forth on pages 17 to 21 of this annual report.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      43
Report of the Directors


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’ S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS

As of 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
the underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be (a) notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section
352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:


INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY

Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                         percentage of the
                                                                                           Number of     Company’s issued
Name of Directors               Nature of interest                                        Shares held         share capital

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.   Interest of a controlled corporation (Note a)                   777,151,814               18.40%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)                    51,939,562                1.23%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note b)                    60,372,778                1.43%
                          Personal interest (Note c)                                      135,138,986                3.20%
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor Interest of a controlled corporation (Note d)                   280,543,441                 6.64%
  D.C.S.M                 Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)                    51,939,562                 1.23%
                          Personal interest (Note e)                                       66,019,950                 1.56%
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note f)                   264,753,358                 6.27%
Ching Sai J.P.            Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)                    51,939,562                 1.23%
                          Personal interest                                                 2,986,225                 0.07%
                          Spouse interest (Note g)                                        234,324,760                 5.55%
Mr. LI Ching Wai          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note h)                   119,716,869                 2.84%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)                    51,939,562                 1.23%
                          Personal interest                                                10,459,018                 0.25%
Mr. SZE Nang Sze          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note i)                   122,485,488                 2.90%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)                    51,939,562                 1.23%
                          Personal interest                                                11,799,079                 0.28%
Mr. NG Ngan Ho            Interest of a controlled corporation (Note j)                    86,030,769                 2.04%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)                    51,939,562                 1.23%
                          Personal interest                                                 3,234,112                 0.08%
Mr. LI Ching Leung        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note k)                    84,055,765                 1.99%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)                    51,939,562                 1.23%
                          Personal interest                                                 9,749,387                 0.23%
                          Spouse interest (Note l)                                            410,759                 0.01%
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John Personal interest                                                     10,000              0.0002%
                          Spouse interest (Note m)                                             90,000               0.002%




44    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Notes:

(a)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Realbest Investment Limited (“Realbest”), a company incorporated in the
         British Virgin Islands (the “BVI“) with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

(b)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Xin Yuen Investment Limited (“Xin Yuen”), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability on 17 January 2019. Xin Yuen is 100% owned by Xin Wong Investment Limited (“Xin Wong”), a company
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability. Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and 50% owned by his spouse, Madam
         TUNG Hai Chi.

(c)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(d)      Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through High Park Technology Limited (“High Park”), a company
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor.

(e)      Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam KUNG Sau Wai.

(f)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through Copark Investment Limited (“Copark”), a company incorporated
         in the BVI with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P..

(g)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam SZE Tan Hung.

(h)      Mr. LI Ching Wai’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldbo International Limited (“Goldbo”), a company incorporated in the BVI
         with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(i)      Mr. SZE Nang Sze’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldpine Limited (“Goldpine”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(j)      Mr. NG Ngan Ho’s interests in the Shares are held through Linkall Investment Limited (“Linkall”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(k)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through Herosmart Holdings Limited (“Herosmart”), a company incorporated in the
         BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(l)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam DY Maria Lumin.

(m)      Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John’s interest in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam LAM Ying.


(n)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang Holdings Limited (“Full Guang”), a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability on 19 December 2005. Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%,
         Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai. as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to
         3.70%, Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.




                                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023         45
Report of the Directors


INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                       Class and             percentage of
                                                                                       number of shares held                 the associated
                                                                                              in the associated               corporation’s
Name of associated corporation                   Name of Director                                  corporation         issued share capital

Realbest (Note o)                                Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                       2 ordinary shares                       100%
Xin Wong (Note p)                                Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                        1 ordinary share                        50%
High Park (Note q)                               Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M             2 ordinary shares                       100%
Copark (Note r)                                  Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.             2 ordinary shares                       100%
Goldbo (Note s)                                  Mr. LI Ching Wai                              2 ordinary shares                       100%
Linkall (Note t)                                 Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                2 ordinary shares                       100%
Goldpine (Note u)                                Mr. SZE Nang Sze                              2 ordinary shares                       100%
Herosmart (Note v)                               Mr. LI Ching Leung                            2 ordinary shares                       100%
Full Guang (Note w)                              Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                 734,000 ordinary shares                     33.98%
                                                 Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M       350,000 ordinary shares                     16.20%
                                                 Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.       350,000 ordinary shares                     16.20%
                                                 Mr. LI Ching Wai                        120,000 ordinary shares                       5.56%
                                                 Mr. NG Ngan Ho                           80,000 ordinary shares                       3.70%
                                                 Mr. SZE Nang Sze                        110,000 ordinary shares                       5.09%
                                                 Mr. LI Ching Leung                       80,000 ordinary shares                       3.70%


Notes :

(o)       Realbest is wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

(p)       Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

(q)       High Park is wholly-owned by Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor.

(r)       Copark is wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P..

(s)       Goldbo is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(t)       Linkall is wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(u)       Goldpine is wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(v)       Herosmart is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(w)       Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.
          as to 16.20%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to
          3.70%.




46        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2023, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive
of the Company had or was deemed under the SFO to have any interests or short positions in any of the Shares, underlying
Share and debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
was required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (b) entered
in the register kept by the Compay pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As of 31 December 2023, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than Directors and chief executive of the
Company, in the Shares and the underlying Shares of the Company, as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3
of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO, were as follows:


Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                                        percentage of the
Name of substantial                                                                                      Number of      Company’s issued
shareholders                            Nature of interest                                               Shares held          share capital

Realbest                                Registered and beneficial owner                                 777,151,814                 18.40%
High Park                               Registered and beneficial owner                                 280,543,441                  6.64%
Copark                                  Registered and beneficial owner                                 264,753,358                  6.27%
Mr. LEE Sing Din                        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note x)                   264,588,559                  6.27%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note y)                     51,939,562                 1.23%
                                        Personal interest (Note z)                                        56,363,732                 1.33%
Madam SZE Tan Hung                      Personal interest                                               234,324,760                  5.55%
                                        Spouse interest (Note aa)                                       319,679,145                  7.57%


Notes:

(x)      Mr. LEE Sing Din’s interest in the Shares are held through Telerich Investment Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability and wholly owned by Mr. LEE Sing Din, brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.

(y)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 19 December 2005.
         Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.
         as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70%,
         Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.

(z)      Mr. LEE Sing Din’s interest in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam LI Kam Ha.

(aa)     Madam SZE Tan Hung’s interest in the Shares are held through her spouse, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.




                                                                                    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       47
Report of the Directors


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2023, the Directors were not aware of any other person having an interests or short
positions in the Shares and the underlying Shares as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As at 31 December 2023, none of the Directors and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any controlling
shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules), if any, of the Company had any interest in a business, which competes or may
compete with the business of the Group.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2023, appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities
arising out of activities of the Group has been arranged by the Company. As of the date of this annual report, such insurance
covering remained effective.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate and
neither the Directors or the chief executive, nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe
for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentage of sales and purchases for continuing operation for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers and
suppliers are as follows:


Sales
– the largest customer                                                                                                    2.5%
– five largest customers in aggregate                                                                                     6.6%


Purchases
– the largest supplier                                                                                                    6.5%
– five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                                    22.8%


None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any interest in the share capital of the Group’s five largest
customers and five largest suppliers.




48    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
BANK BORROWINGS

The total bank borrowings of the Group as of 31 December 2023 amounted to HK$8,174.0 million (2022: HK$13,515.7
million). Particulars of the bank borrowings are set forth in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.


REWARD FOR EMPLOYEES

As of 31 December 2023, we employed 15,816 employees in the PRC, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Indonesia, Canada and Japan. Our
employees are remunerated with monthly salary, subject to annual review and discretionary bonuses. Our employees are also
entitled, subject to eligibility, to retirement fund and provident fund and to participate in the Share Option Scheme. We place
strong emphasis on nurturing a continuous learning culture amongst the employees and implement a variety of programs to
promote training.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023 are set forth in Note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report. Some of these transactions also constitute “Continuing Connected
Transactions” under the Listing Rules, as identified below.


Continuing connected transactions
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group had the following continuing connected transactions, details of which are
set out below:


1)   Sales of glass products
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 December 2022, the Group entered into a glass purchase
      agreement (the “Glass Purchase Agreement”) dated 28 December 2022 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of float
      glass and architectural glass products to Xinyi Solar and its subsidiaries (“Xinyi Solar Group”) by the Group for the year
      ended 31 December 2023. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under
      the Glass Purchase Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023 is HK$60,900,000 and HK$5,926,140, respectively.
      Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of
      Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Glass Purchase Agreement constitutes continuing connected transaction for the Company
      under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     49
Report of the Directors


2)   Sales of machinerie
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 December 2022, Anhui Xinyi Intelligent Machinery Company
     Limited (“Anhui Xinyi Machinery”), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a production
     equipment purchase agreement (the “Production Equipment Purchase Agreement”) dated 28 December 2022 with a
     member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production equipment and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar Group by
     Anhua Xinyi Machinery for the year ended 31 December 2023. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the
     transactions contemplated under the Production Equipment Purchase Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023
     are HK$383,900,000 and HK$236,347,000, respectively. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar,
     the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Production Equipment Purchase
     Agreement constitutes continuing connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


3)   Sales of low iron silica sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 5 January 2023, the Group entered into an agreement (the “2023
     Silica Sand Purchase Agreement”) dated 5 January 2023 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of low iron silica sand
     to Xinyi Solar Group by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2023. The purpose of entering into the 2023 Silica
     Sand Purchase Agreement was to reduced transportation cost and secure an additional source of supply of low iron silica
     sand in the vicinity. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the 2023
     Silica Sand Purchase Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023 are RMB54,500,000 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$59,500,000) and RMB6,745,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$7,282,000), respectively. Since the Company is a
     substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly,
     the 2023 Silica Sand Purchase Agreement constitutes continuing connected transaction for the Company under Chapter
     14A of the Listing Rules.


4)   Purchase of Silica Sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 5 January 2023, the Group entered into an agreement (the “2023
     Silica Sand Sales Agreement”) dated 5 January 2023 with Hepu Xinyi Mining Co., Ltd. (“Hepu Xinyi”), a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of Xinyi Solar, in relation to the purchase of silica sand from Hepu Xiniyi by the Group for the year ended 31
     December 2023. The purpose of entering into the 2023 Silica Sand Sales Agreement was to reduced transportation cost
     and secure an additional source of supply of silica sand in the vicinity. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount
     of the transactions contemplated under the 2023 Silica Sand Sales Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023
     are RMB94,800,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$103,600,000) and RMB68,630,000 (equivalent to approximately
     HK$75,803,000), respectively. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its
     subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2023 Silica Sand Sales Agreement constitutes
     continuing connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




50   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
5)   Sales of automobile glass products
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 22 December 2021, the Group entered into a glass supply agreement
     (the “2021 Glass Supply Agreement”) with Xinyi Automobile Glass Company Limited (“Xinyi Automobile Glass (HK)”),
     a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to the sales of automobile glass products to Xinyi Electric Storage and
     its subsidiaries by the Group for the three years ending 31 December 2024. The annual cap and the actual transaction
     amount of the transactions contemplated under the 2021 Glass Supply Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023
     is HK$7,900,000 and HK$7,086,000, respectively. Since the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective
     associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Automobile
     Glass (HK) is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the 2021 Glass Supply Agreement constitutes continuing
     connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


6)   Wind farm management services
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 6 November 2020, the Group entered into a wind farm management
     agreement (the “2020 Wind Farm Management Agreement”) with Anhui Xinyi New Material Technology Company
     Limited (“Anhui Xinyi”) (formerly known as Wuwei Xinyi), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage for management services
     for the operation of the wind farm owned by the Group. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the
     transactions contemplated under the 2020 Wind Farm Management Agreement for the period from 1 January 2023 to 31
     October 2023 is RMB7,100,000 (equivalent to HK$8,200,000) and RMB6,700,000 (equivalent to HK$7,399,000).

     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2023, the Group entered into a wind farm management
     agreement (the “2023 Wind Farm Management Agreement”) with Anhui Xinyi, a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage
     for management services for the operation of the wind farm owned by the Group. The annual cap and the actual
     transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the Wind Farm Management Agreement for the two months
     ended 31 December 2023 and two years ending 31 December 2025. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount
     of the transaction contemplated under the 2023 Wind Farm Management Agreement for the two months ended 31
     December 2023 is RMB1,700,000 (equivalent to HK$1,800,000) and RMB1,554,000 (equivalent to HK$1,716,000). Since
     the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30%
     of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Anhui Xinyi is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the 2020
     Wind Farm Management Agreement and 2023 Wind Farm Management Agreement constitute continuing connected
     transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


7)   Sales of steam
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 2 March 2022, the Group entered into a steam supply agreement
     (the “Steam Supply Agreement”) dated 2 March 2022 with Xinyi Power (Suzhou) Company Limited (“Xinyi Power
     (Suzhou)”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to sales industrial steam for the production requirements
     to Xinyi Electric Storage and its subsidiaries by the Group for the term commenced from 2 March 2022 and ending on
     31 December 2024. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the
     Steam Supply Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023 is RMB3,300,000 (equivalent to HK$4,100,000) and
     RMB1,202,000 (equivalent to HK$1,327,000). Since the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective
     associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Power (Suzhou)
     is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the Steam Supply Agreement constitutes continuing connected
     transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023      51
Report of the Directors


8)    Purchase of electric storage products
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 8 April 2021, the Group entered into a sales of battery packs and
      energy storage systems agreement (the “XYG Sales Framework Agreement”) with Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation
      to purchase of lithium battery packs, direct-current lithium battery systems, uninterruptible power supply lithium battery
      systems, lithium battery energy storage systems and other lithium battery products from Xinyi Electric Storage and its
      subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2023. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions
      contemplated under the XYG Sales Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2023 is RMB5,000,000
      (equivalent to HK$6,000,000) and RMB4,975,000 (equivalent to HK$5,494,000). Since the controlling shareholders of
      the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric
      Storage in issue, Xinyi Electric Storage is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the XYG Sales Framework
      Agreement constitutes continuing connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

9)    Lease agreements
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 30 June 2023, the Group entered into six lease agreements (the
      “Lease Agreements”) dated 30 June 2023 with the Xinyi Solar Group in relation to the lease of the properties to the Xinyi
      Solar Group for the fixed terms of three years ending on 30 June 2026. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder
      of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Lease Agreements
      constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

All independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and
confirmed that the transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   either on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
      independent third parties; and

(c)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
      the Shareholders of the Company as a whole.

In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s
Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants.




52    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions to the Board in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and confirming there is nothing has come to their
attention that causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions:

(a)   have not been approved by Board;

(b)   were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group if the transactions involve the
      provision of goods or services by the Group;

(c)   were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing the transactions; and

(d)   have exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company.


Continuing connected transactions after the reporting period
The Group had the following continuing connected transactions after the reporting period, details of which are set out below:


1)    Sales of glass products
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 December 2023, the Group entered into a glass purchase
      agreement (the “2024 Glass Purchase Agreement”) dated 28 December 2023 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales
      of architectural glass products to Xinyi Solar Group by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2024. The annual
      cap of the transactions contemplated under the 2024 Glass Purchase Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2024
      is RMB13,600,000 (equivalent to HK$14,900,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the
      Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2024 Glass Purchase Agreement
      constitutes, continuing connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


2)    Sales of machineries
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 December 2023, Anhui Xinyi Machinery, a non-wholly owned
      subsidiary of the Company, entered into a production equipment purchase agreement (the “2024 Production Equipment
      Purchase Agreement”) dated 28 December 2023 with a member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production
      equipment and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar Group by Anhui Xinyi Machinery for the year ending 31 December 2024.
      The annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the 2024 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement for the
      year ending 31 December 2024 is RMB288,000,000 (equivalent to HK$314,700,000). Since the Company is a substantial
      shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2024
      Production Equipment Purchase Agreement constitutes continuing connected transaction for the Company under Chapter
      14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023       53
Report of the Directors


3)   Purchase of Silica Sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 4 January 2024, the Group entered into an agreement (the “2024
     Silica Sand Sales Agreement”) dated 4 January 2024 with Hepu Xinyi in relation to the purchase of silica sand from
     Hepu Xiniyi by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2024. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated
     under the 2024 Silica Sand Sales Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2024 is RMB96,400,000 (equivalent to
     HK$105,800,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are
     connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2024 Silica Sand Supply Framework Agreement constitutes continuing
     connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


4)   Sales of low iron silica sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 4 January 2024, the Group entered into an agreement (the “2024
     Silica Sand Purchase Agreement”) dated 4 January 2024 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of low iron silica sand to
     Xinyi Solar Group by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2024. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated
     under the 2024 Silica Sand Purchase Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2024 is RMB57,400,000 (equivalent
     to HK$63,000,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries
     are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Silica Sand Supply Framework Agreement constitutes continuing
     connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


5)   Purchase of electric storage products
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2023, the Group entered into a sales of battery packs
     and energy storage systems agreement (the “2024 XYG Sales Framework Agreement”) with Xinyi Electric Storage, in
     relation to purchase of lithium battery packs, direct-current lithium battery systems, uninterruptible power supply lithium
     battery systems, lithium battery energy storage systems and other lithium battery products from Xinyi Electric Storage and
     its subsidiaries for the three years ending 31 December 2026. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the
     2024 XYG Sales Framework Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2024 is RMB21,300,000. Since the controlling
     shareholders of the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares
     of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Electric Storage is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the 2024 XYG
     Sales Framework Agreement constitutes continuing connected transaction for the Company under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules.


COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

Please refer to section headed “Corporate Governance Report” as set forth in this annual report for details of our compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code.




54   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established an Audit Committee, comprising all independent non-executive Directors, with written terms of
reference in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review
and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group and to provide comments and give advice
to the Board. The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company and audited consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2023.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

For the year ended 31 December 2023, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the listed securities of the Company.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as of the date of this
annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float with at least 25% of the Shares held by the public as required
under the Listing Rules.


EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed in the paragraphs under “Continuing connected transactions after the reporting period” above, no significant
events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2023 and up to the date of this annual report.


AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointement. A resolution will be proposed at AGM to re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers and to authorise
the Directors to fix its remuneration.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023     55
Report of the Directors


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The AGM will be held on Friday, 31 May 2024, at 21/F, Rykadan Capital Tower, 135 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
Hong Kong, at 11:00 a.m. The notice convening the AGM will be published on the website of the Stock Exchange at
www.hkex.com.hk and on the website of the Company at www.xinyiglass.com, and will be despatched to the Shareholders in
due course.


The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 28 May 2024 to Friday, 31 May 2024 (both days
inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote
at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 27 May
2024.


The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 6 June 2024 to Tuesday, 11 June 2024 (both days
inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the Final Dividend, all transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong
Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 5 June 2024.




On Behalf of the Board
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
Chairman


Hong Kong, 28 February 2024




56      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

WHAT WE HAVE AUDITED
The consolidated financial statements of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which
are set out on pages 63 to 181, comprise:

•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2023;

•     the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
      explanatory information.


OUR OPINION
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      57
Independent Auditor’s Report


INDEPENDENCE
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.

The key audit matter identified in our audit is related to Impairment of trade receivables.

Key Audit Matter                                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables

Refer to Notes 3.1(b), 4, 15 and 35.8 to the consolidated
financial statements.

As at 31 December 2023, the carrying amount of trade                  We assessed the appropriateness of the methodology of
receivables of the Group amounting to approximately                   impairment assessment in determining the expected credit
HK$1,782,172,000. The Group made provision for                        losses of trade receivables. We also considered whether
loss allowance of trade receivables of approximately                  the judgements made in selecting the methodology of
HK$59,852,000 based on an estimate of the recoverability of           impairment assessment, significant assumptions and data
these receivables.                                                    used by management would give rise to indicators of possible
                                                                      management bias.
Provisions are made for loss allowance of trade receivables
where the Group expects the balances will not be collectible.         We assessed management’s assessment of the lifetime
The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables requires        expected credit loss allowance by comparing to supportable
management judgements and estimations. Where the                      evidence such as past settlement history of customers and
provision for loss allowance is materially different from the         historical default rates.
actual debt that is not collectible, such difference will adversely
                                                                      We assessed management’s forward-looking information and
impact the carrying amount of receivables and the provision
                                                                      factors in adjusting the rates of credit loss by reference to
for loss allowance in the period in which such estimate has
                                                                      external market data or industry information.
been changed.
                                                                      We tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of the ageing
                                                                      profile of the trade receivables used in the calculation of
                                                                      expected credit losses.




58    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables (continued)

The Group’s trade receivables based on shared credit risk         We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to
characteristics and ageing profiles and made provisions for       expected credit losses of trade receivables in the context of
loss allowance on trade receivables based on an assessment of     HKFRS 9.
the recoverability of overdue and long-aged trade receivables
                                                                  Based on the above, we considered that management’s
on individual customer basis and the lifetime expected credit
                                                                  judgements and assumptions in the assessment of expected
loss allowance on each group of trade receivables. The lifetime
                                                                  credit losses of trade receivables were supportable by the
expected credit loss allowance is measured based on past
                                                                  evidence obtained and procedures performed.
settlement history and the historical default rates over the
expected life of the trade receivables with similar credit risk
characteristics adjusted with current and forward-looking
information on macroeconomic factors that affects the ability
of the customers to settle the receivables.

We focus on this area because the carrying amount of the
trade receivables are significant to the consolidated balance
sheet, and the identification of doubtful debts and the
measurement of lifetime expected credit loss allowance
is subject to a high degree of judgement and estimation
uncertainty, including assessments on the default rates of
customers.


OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited 2023 Annual Report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and Environmental, Social and Governance Report
2023, which is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   59
Independent Auditor’s Report


If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.

When we read Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2023, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein,
we are required to communicate the matter to the Audit Committee and take appropriate action considering our legal rights
and obligations.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




60    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
     higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
     or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
     in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
     to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
     disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
     concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
     and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
     achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
     the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
     and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      61
Independent Auditor’s Report


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ho Kwok Fai.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 28 February 2024




62    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                       As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                                Note                2023              2022
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

Assets
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                                   6          18,215,388        17,555,471
  Right-of-use assets                                                             6            4,364,072         4,225,539
  Investment properties                                                           7            1,540,486         1,490,785
  Prepayments for property, plant and equipment,
    right-of-use assets and intangible assets                                     15             931,214           920,655
  Intangible assets                                                               8            1,238,915           870,197
  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income               11                   —            27,441
  Investments in associates                                                       13           9,947,018         9,349,334
  Loans to an associate                                                           13              27,427            27,936
  Fixed bank deposits                                                             16             932,529         4,845,730
  Deferred income tax assets                                                      21               4,416                  —

                                                                                             37,201,465        39,313,088


Current assets
  Inventories                                                                     14           3,807,939         4,296,655
  Trade and other receivables                                                     15           7,267,534         4,566,333
  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                          12              42,376           734,170
  Pledged bank deposits                                                           16             146,750           141,388
  Fixed bank deposits                                                             16             356,555                  —
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                       16           1,990,800         3,180,155

                                                                                             13,611,954        12,918,701


Total assets                                                                                 50,813,419        52,231,789

Equity
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
  Share capital                                                                   17             422,255           410,910
  Share premium                                                                   17           2,528,909         1,282,953
  Other reserves                                                                  18           1,349,448         1,677,022
  Retained earnings                                                               18         31,450,191        28,601,785

                                                                                             35,750,803        31,972,670
Non-controlling interests                                                                        115,050           114,953


Total equity                                                                                 35,865,853        32,087,623



                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   63
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                                     Note            2023             2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000        HK$’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
     Bank borrowings                                                                  20         2,920,123     7,721,244
     Deferred income tax liabilities                                                  21          526,302        468,078
     Lease liabilities                                                                6             9,922              848
     Other payables                                                                   19          142,730         51,255

                                                                                                 3,599,077     8,241,425


Current liabilities
     Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                   19         4,879,508     5,396,606
     Current income tax liabilities                                                              1,207,192       691,469
     Lease liabilities                                                                6             7,882         20,230
     Bank borrowings                                                                  20         5,253,907     5,794,436

                                                                                                11,348,489    11,902,741


Total liabilities                                                                               14,947,566    20,144,166


Total equity and liabilities                                                                    50,813,419    52,231,789


The consolidation financial statements on pages 63 to 181 were approved by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2024 and
were signed on its behalf.




LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                                                  TUNG Ching Bor
Chairman                                                             Vice-chairman




The notes on pages 71 to 181 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




64       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                         Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                                                For the Year Ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                   Note                  2023               2022
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

Revenue                                                                              5             26,798,520        25,745,990
Cost of sales                                                                       22            (18,186,761)       (17,059,615)

Gross profit                                                                                        8,611,759          8,686,375
Other income                                                                        24                665,821           663,401
Other (losses)/gains – net                                                          25                (56,543)          192,624
Selling and marketing costs                                                         22             (1,310,293)        (1,810,143)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                         22             (2,263,222)        (2,388,301)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                           15                  (4,165)           (6,090)

Operating profit                                                                                    5,643,357          5,337,866
Finance income                                                                      26                196,997           110,850
Finance costs                                                                       26               (503,407)          (371,540)
Share of profits of associates                                                      13              1,007,401           922,790

Profit before income tax                                                                            6,344,348          5,999,966
Income tax expense                                                                  27               (965,643)          (855,762)

Profit for the year                                                                                 5,378,705          5,144,204

Profit attributable to:
  – Equity holders of the Company                                                                   5,365,114          5,127,154
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                          13,591             17,050

Profit for the year                                                                                 5,378,705          5,144,204

Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the
  Company during the year (expressed in Hong Kong cents per share)
  – Basic                                                                           28                 129.21             126.62
  – Diluted                                                                         28                 128.95             125.84




The notes on pages 71 to 181 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       65
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the Year Ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                                    2023          2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000       HK$’000

Profit for the year                                                                             5,378,705    5,144,204
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
     Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through
        other comprehensive (loss)/income                                                         (27,441)       2,166
     Dilution gains/(losses) of interest in an associate                                            3,924          (783)
     Revaluation gains on investment properties transferred from property,
       plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, net of tax                                    26,875             —
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
     Currency translation differences                                                            (806,425)   (3,643,230)
     Share of other comprehensive loss of investments accounted
       for using the equity method                                                               (124,889)    (771,416)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         4,450,749      730,941

Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
     – Equity holders of the Company                                                            4,437,718      718,653
     – Non-controlling interests                                                                  13,031        12,288

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         4,450,749      730,941




The notes on pages 71 to 181 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



66      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                For the Year Ended 31 December 2023




                                                                 Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                      Non-
                                                              Share        Share        Other      Retained                     controlling        Total
                                                    Note     capital    premium       reserves      earnings           Total      interests       equity
                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

Balance at 1 January 2023                                   410,910    1,282,953     1,677,022    28,601,785    31,972,670         114,953    32,087,623

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                              —             —            —      5,365,114     5,365,114          13,591     5,378,705
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair
  value through other comprehensive income           11          —             —       (27,441)           —          (27,441)           —        (27,441)
Dilution of interest in an associate                             —             —         3,924            —           3,924             —          3,924
Currency translation differences                                 —             —      (805,865)           —       (805,865)           (560)     (806,425)
Share of other comprehensive loss of
  investments accounted for using
  the equity method                                  13          —             —      (124,889)           —       (124,889)             —       (124,889)
Revaluation gains on investment properties
  transferred from property,
  plant and equipment and right-of-use assets,
  net of tax                                         7           —             —        26,875            —          26,875             —        26,875

Total comprehensive income                                       —             —      (927,396)    5,365,114     4,437,718          13,031     4,450,749

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                     17(A)     1,823      198,727       (29,138)           —        171,412              —       171,412
  – value of employee services                      17(A)        —             —       102,658            —        102,658              —       102,658
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture
       of share options                                          —             —           (57)          57               —             —             —
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
  dividend of 2022 final dividend
  and 2023 interim dividend                         17(B)     9,522    1,047,229            —             —      1,056,751              —      1,056,751
Transfer to reserve                                 18(a)        —             —       526,359      (526,359)             —             —             —
Capital injection from non-controlling interests                 —             —            —             —               —            329          329
Dividends relating to 2022                                       —             —            —       (907,734)     (907,734)             —       (907,734)
Dividends relating to 2023                           29          —             —            —     (1,082,672)   (1,082,672)             —     (1,082,672)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                        —             —            —             —               —        (13,263)      (13,263)

Total transactions with owners                               11,345    1,245,956       599,822    (2,516,708)     (659,585)        (12,934)     (672,519)

Balance at 31 December 2023                                 422,255    2,528,909     1,349,448    31,450,191    35,750,803         115,050    35,865,853




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                 67
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Year Ended 31 December 2023




                                                                   Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                         Non-
                                                              Share         Share          Other       Retained                     controlling        Total
                                                    Note     capital     premium         reserves      earnings            Total      interests       equity
                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000

Balance at 1 January 2022                                   401,866            —      5,717,742     28,479,039     34,598,647         107,877     34,706,524

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                              —             —              —      5,127,154         5,127,154       17,050      5,144,204
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair
  value through other comprehensive income           11          —             —           2,166             —             2,166            —          2,166
Dilution of interest in an associate                             —             —            (783)            —              (783)           —           (783)
Currency translation differences                                 —             —      (3,638,468)            —     (3,638,468)          (4,762)   (3,643,230)
Share of other comprehensive loss of
  investments accounted for using
     the equity method                               13          —             —        (771,416)            —          (771,416)           —       (771,416)

Total comprehensive income                                       —             —      (4,408,501)    5,127,154          718,653        12,288       730,941

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                     17(A)     2,134       262,309        (40,439)            —          224,004             —       224,004
  – value of employee services                      17(A)        —             —          84,481             —           84,481             —        84,481
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture
        of share options                                         —             —            (111)          111                —             —             —
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
  dividend of 2022 interim dividend                           6,910     1,020,644             —              —         1,027,554            —      1,027,554
Transfer to reserve                                 18(a)        —             —        323,850       (323,850)               —             —             —
Dividends relating to 2021                                       —             —              —     (3,066,274)    (3,066,274)              —     (3,066,274)
Dividends relating to 2022                           29          —             —              —     (1,614,395)    (1,614,395)              —     (1,614,395)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                        —             —              —              —                —         (5,212)       (5,212)

Total transactions with owners                                9,044     1,282,953       367,781     (5,004,408)    (3,344,630)          (5,212)   (3,349,842)

Balance at 31 December 2022                                 410,910     1,282,953     1,677,022     28,601,785     31,972,670         114,953     32,087,623




The notes on pages 71 to 181 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




68       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                              For the Year Ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                    Note                2023              2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                       30(a)         6,165,596         8,430,622
Interest paid                                                                                       (606,440)         (403,763)
Income tax paid                                                                                     (557,984)       (1,289,555)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                                       5,001,172         6,737,304


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                         (2,862,068)       (1,997,244)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                       (143,454)          (52,803)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                             30(b)            151,243            31,560
Additions to investment property                                                                           —            (4,177)
Prepayment of intangible assets                                                                            —          (203,800)
Payment for right-of-use assets in relation to land use right                                       (365,722)         (411,622)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                                         —          (652,802)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                     694,028           479,782
Addition to investment in an associate                                                13            (132,855)         (186,724)
Dividends received from associates                                                    13             415,246           489,629
Advance to an associate                                                                           (1,319,331)                 —
Increase in pledged bank deposits                                                                     (5,362)          (82,028)
Decrease/(increase) in fixed deposits                                                              3,493,565        (4,083,387)
Interest received                                                                                    196,997           110,850

Net cash generated from/(used in) investing activities                                               122,287        (6,562,766)




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   69
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended 31 December 2023




                                                                                   Note               2023          2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000       HK$’000

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                    7,193,893     6,480,289
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                                    (12,575,410)   (8,416,221)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                      (24,620)      (32,572)
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares by share options                                     171,412       224,004
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                                     (933,655)    (3,653,115)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                         (13,263)       (5,212)
Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                                       329             —

Net cash used in financing activities                                                            (6,181,314)   (5,402,827)


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                        (1,057,855)   (5,228,289)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                           3,180,155     9,220,384
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                              (131,500)     (811,940)

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                            16           1,990,800     3,180,155




The notes on pages 71 to 181 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



70    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) were principally engaged in
    the production and sales of float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, which were carried out internationally,
    through the production complexes located in Mainland China (the “PRC”) and Malaysia in 2023.

    The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate
    Information” section to the annual report.

    The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company are listed on
    The Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated. These
    consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2024.


2   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
         (I)    Compliance with HKFRS and HKCO
                The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
                Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
                Ordinance Cap. 622.


         (II)   Historical cost convention
                The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost basis, except for the
                following:

                •    financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), and

                •    financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (“FVTPL”), and

                •    investment properties, which are measured at fair values.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   71
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
          (III)   New and amended standards adopted by the Group
                  The Group has applied the following new and amended standards for its annual reporting period commencing
                  1 January 2023:


                  HKAS 1 and HKFRS Practice                            Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                    Statement 2 (Amendments)
                  HKAS 8 (Amendments)                                  Definition of Accounting Estimates
                  HKAS 12 (Amendments)                                 Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities
                                                                         Arising from a Single Transaction
                  HKAS 12 (Amendments)                                 International Tax Reform – Pillar
                                                                         Two Model Rules
                  HKFRS 17                                             Insurance Contracts
                  HKFRS 17                                             Amendments to HKFRS 17
                  HKFRS 17                                             Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 –
                                                                         Comparative Information


                  The new and amended standards listed above did not have any impact on the amounts recognised in prior
                  periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.




72   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
        (IV) Amended standards and interpretations not yet adopted
             Amended standards and interpretations have been published that are not mandatory for 31 December 2023
             reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Group:

                                                                                                            Effective for
                                                                                                              accounting
                                                                                                      periods beginning
                                                                                                              on or after

             HKAS 1 (Amendments)               Classification of Liabilities as Current or                 1 January 2024
                                                  Non-current
             HKAS 1 (Amendments)               Non-current Liabilities with Covenants                      1 January 2024
             HKFRS 16 (Amendments)             Lease Liability in a Sales and Leaseback                    1 January 2024
             Hong Kong Interpretation 5        Presentation of Financial Statements –                      1 January 2024
               (Revised)                          Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan
                                                  that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
             HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                Supplier Finance Arrangements                               1 January 2024
               (Amendments)
             HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an                To be determined
               (Amendments)                       Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture


             Certain amended standards and interpretation have been published that are not mandatory for 31 December
             2023 reporting periods and have not been early adopted by the Group. These amendments are not expected
             to have a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future
             transactions.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   73
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS
          The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, and cash
          flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk, price risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
          programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on
          the Group’s financial performance.


          (a)   Market risk
                (i)    Foreign exchange risk
                       The Group mainly operates in the PRC and Hong Kong with most of the transactions denominated and
                       settled in Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”), United States dollars (“USD”) and HK$. Foreign exchange risk arises
                       from future commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that
                       is not the functional currency of the relevant group entity. The Group manages its foreign exchange
                       risks by performing regular reviews and arranges hedges against foreign exchange exposures when
                       considered necessary. Details of the Group’s trade and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, fixed
                       bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, and bank borrowings are disclosed
                       in Notes 15, 16, 19 and 20 to the consolidated financial statements.

                       As at 31 December 2023, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% (2022: 5%) against the HK$ with
                       all other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                       HK$276,000 (2022: HK$259,000) higher/lower mainly as a result of foreign exchange gains/losses on
                       translation of RMB-denominated cash and bank balances.


                (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                       The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly attributable to its cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits,
                       pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings. Financial assets and liabilities at variable rates expose the
                       Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Financial assets and liabilities at fixed rates expose the Group to fair
                       value interest rate risk. Details of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged
                       bank deposits and bank borrowings have been disclosed in Notes 16 and 20 to the consolidated financial
                       statements.

                       As at 31 December 2023, if HK$ interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits,
                       pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2022: 25) basis points higher/lower with
                       all other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                       HK$6,569,000 (2022: HK$25,481,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest
                       expense on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.




74   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (a)   Market risk (Continued)
              (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)
                     As at 31 December 2023, if RMB interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged
                     bank deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2022: 25) basis points higher/lower with all
                     other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                     HK$2,447,000 lower/higher (2022: HK$14,833,000 higher/lower), mainly as a result of higher/lower net
                     interest expenses (2022: net interest income) on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged
                     bank deposits and bank borrowings.

                     As at 31 December 2023, if USD interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits and
                     bank borrowings had been 25 (2022: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant,
                     profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$459,000 (2022: HK$846,000)
                     lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest expense on cash and cash equivalents,
                     pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.


              (b)    Credit risk
                     The Group’s credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents at bank, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank
                     deposits, trade and other receivables, loans to an associate and cash flows from derivative financial
                     instruments. Management has a credit policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are
                     monitored on an ongoing basis. The carrying amounts of these balances represent the Group’s maximum
                     exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets which are stated as follows:

                                                                                                            2023        2022
                                                                                                     HK$’000         HK$’000

                     Cash and cash equivalents at bank and fixed bank deposits                     3,274,242        8,020,667
                     Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                 146,750         141,388
                     Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                    5,571,315        3,598,951
                     Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                                   27,427         27,936

                     Maximum exposure to credit risk                                               9,019,734       11,788,942




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   75
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, most of the bank deposits are deposited with reputable banks in Hong
                Kong and state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of cash and bank balances has been assessed
                by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. The
                existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past.

                In respect of trade and other receivables and loans to an associate, the Group has policies in place to ensure
                that the loans or sales of products are made to counterparties or customers with appropriate credit history and
                the Group performs credit evaluations of these counterparties and its customers.

                The credit period of the majority of the Group’s trade receivables is within 90 days and largely comprises
                amounts receivable from business customers.

                There is limited degree of concentration of credit risks of the Group (Note 15(b)).

                In order to minimise the credit risks, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
                determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
                actions are taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount
                of each individual trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision for expected credit losses are made for
                irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

                The Group has the following financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

                •     cash and cash equivalents at bank

                •     fixed bank deposits

                •     pledged bank deposits

                •     trade and other receivables

                •     loans to an associate

                While cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged bank deposits are also subject to the
                impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.




76   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
              Trade receivables
              The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
              expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

              To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on aging.

              The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 months before 31
              December 2023 and 2022 respectively and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within
              this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
              macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

              On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 was determined as follows for trade
              receivables:

                                                                   1 - 90      91 - 180   181 - 365      1-2      Over 2
                                                                    days          days    days pass      years      years
              31 December 2023                    Current    pass due         pass due         due    pass due   pass due    Total

              Expected loss rate                     0.9%          3.7%         26.6%       35.3%       65.8%    100.0%      3.4%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)    1,553,782    159,211           15,653      13,449     26,897     13,180 1,782,172
              Loss allowance (HK$’000)              14,103         5,962         4,167       4,742     17,698     13,180    59,852


                                                                   1 - 90      91 - 180   181 - 365      1-2       Over 2
                                                                    days          days    days pass      years      years
              31 December 2022                     Current    pass due         pass due        due    pass due   pass due       Total

              Expected loss rate                     1.0%          4.2%         25.0%       37.7%       53.4%    100.0%      3.2%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)    1,642,018    248,384           24,134      17,663     26,960      7,671 1,966,830
              Loss allowance (HK$’000)              16,852     10,467            6,035       6,660     14,402      7,671    62,087


              Movements of loss allowance of trade receivables are set out in Note 15(b).




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       77
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                Trade receivables (Continued)
                Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there
                is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a
                repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than 2
                years past due.

                Impairment losses on trade receivables and contract assets are presented as net impairment losses within
                operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
                item.

                Most of the bills receivables are issued from state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of bills
                receivables has been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the
                counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, expected
                credit loss rate of bills receivables are assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made as at 31
                December 2023 and 2022.

                For other financial assets at amortised cost, management considers that their credit risk has not increased
                significantly since initial recognition with reference to the counterparty historical default rate and current
                financial position. The impairment provision is determined based on the 12-month expected credit losses
                which is close to zero.


          (c)   Price risk
                The Group’s exposure to equity securities price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in
                the consolidated balance sheet as financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12).

                The Group does not have formal policy to manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities.

                With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVTPL measured at fair value
                had been 10% (2022: 10%) higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31
                December 2023 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$4,238,000 (2022: HK$73,417,000).




78   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (d)   Liquidity risk
              Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities and the
              availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities to meet obligations when
              due and to close out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the Group
              treasury maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit lines.

              The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
              on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
              disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
              carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                           Less than          Between 1         Between 2
                                                               1 year        and 2 years       and 5 years               Total
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

              At 31 December 2023
              Bank borrowings and
                interest payables                          5,479,143           2,510,069           497,359           8,486,571
              Trade and other payables
                excluding non-financial liabilities        3,433,196               142,730                —          3,575,926
              Lease liabilities                                 8,345                7,632            3,077            19,054

              Total                                        8,920,684           2,660,431           500,436          12,081,551


                                                            Less than          Between 1         Between 2
                                                               1 year         and 2 years       and 5 years              Total
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

              At 31 December 2022
              Bank borrowings and
                interest payables                          6,353,795           6,091,113         1,927,662          14,372,570
              Trade and other payables
                excluding non-financial liabilities        4,173,617                51,255                —          4,224,872
              Lease liabilities                               20,704                  665               215            21,584

              Total                                      10,548,116            6,143,033         1,927,877          18,619,026




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    79
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.2 CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
          The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
          in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
          structure to reduce the cost of capital.

          In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group will consider the macro economic conditions,
          prevailing borrowing rate in the market and adequacy of cash flows generating from operations and may raise
          funding through capital market or bank borrowings as necessary.

          Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
          calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank borrowings (including “current and
          non-current bank borrowings” as shown in the consolidated balance sheet) plus lease liabilities less cash and cash
          equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged bank deposits.

          The gearing ratios at 31 December 2023 and 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                                              2023           2022
                                                                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000

          Total bank borrowings (Note 20) and lease liabilities (Note 6)                                 8,191,834    13,536,758
          Less: cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged
                  bank deposits (Note 16)                                                               (3,426,634)   (8,167,273)

          Net debt                                                                                       4,765,200     5,369,485

          Total equity                                                                                  35,865,853    32,087,623

          Gearing ratio                                                                                     13.3%          16.7%



     3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION
          The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have
          been defined as follows:

          •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

          •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level
                3).

          The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities (other than investments properties disclosed in Note 7)
          that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2023 and 2022.




80   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Continued)
                                                           Level 1              Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                          HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

        At 31 December 2023
        Assets
        Financial assets at FVTPL
          – Equity securities                               24,486                   —                 —            24,486
          – Other financial products                             —                   —            17,890            17,890


                                                            Level 1             Level 2           Level 3             Total
                                                          HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

        At 31 December 2022
        Assets
        Financial assets at FVOCI
          – Equity securities                               27,441                   —                 —            27,441
        Financial assets at FVTPL
          – Equity securities                               30,212                   —                 —            30,212
          – Other financial products                             —                   —           703,958           703,958


        There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year. The following table presents the changes in level 3
        item for the periods ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022:

                                                                                                             Other financial
                                                                                                                   products
                                                                                                                  HK$’000

        At 1 January 2022                                                                                           40,313
        Acquisitions                                                                                            20,183,569
        Disposals                                                                                              (19,722,685)
        Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                                 202,761

        At 31 December 2022                                                                                        703,958
        Acquisitions                                                                                             1,400,830
        Disposals                                                                                               (2,089,291)
        Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                                    2,393

        At 31 December 2023                                                                                         17,890




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    81
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Continued)
          The significant unobservable input to the valuation of financial instruments as at 31 December 2023 and 2022 is net
          asset value.

          The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the end of
          the reporting period. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an
          exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual
          and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market prices for financial assets
          at FVOCI and FVTPL used by the Group are the current bid price. The quoted market price already incorporates the
          market’s assumptions with respect to changes in economic climate such as rising interest rates and inflation, as well
          as changes due to ESG risk. These instruments are included in level 1.

          The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
          derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data where
          it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an
          instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

          If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
          level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities and for instruments where ESG risk gives rise to a significant
          unobservable adjustment.

          Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

          •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.

          •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the remaining
                financial instruments.

          The Group did not change any valuation techniques in determining the level 3 fair values.




82   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

    Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
    expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under
    the circumstances.

    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
    seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
    adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.


    (A) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          (i)   Useful lives
                The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its
                property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of
                these assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations
                and competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions. Management will increase the
                depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down
                technically obsolete or non- strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.


         (ii)   Impairment assessment
                Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
                indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amounts have been determined
                based on value-in-use calculations, taking into account the latest market information, past experience and the
                sustainability of the financial performance in the foreseeable future.


    (B) IMPAIRMENT OF TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
          The Group makes provision for expected credit losses of trade and other receivables based on an estimate of the
          recoverability of these receivables. Provisions are applied to trade and other receivables where events or changes
          in circumstances indicate that the balances may not be collectible. The identification of impairment of trade and
          other receivables requires the use of estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
          difference will impact the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for expected credit losses in the period in
          which such estimate has been changed.

          The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
          Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based
          on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each
          reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


4    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

     (C) CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
          The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
          the worldwide provision for income taxes and the timing of the related payments. There are many transactions and
          calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the
          final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
          impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.

          Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
          tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
          income tax liabilities of the Group mainly arise from fair value gain from investment properties and unremitted
          earnings of the PRC subsidiaries. The realisability of the deferred income tax liabilities and assets mainly depends
          on its subsidiaries’ dividend pay-out ratio and whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary differences will
          be available in the future, whichever is applicable. In cases where the actual dividend pay-out ratio is more than
          expected or future profits generated are less than expected, such difference will impact the income taxes in the
          periods in which such estimates have been changed.


     (D) FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
          Except for an investment property of HK$2,812,000 (2022: HK$2,864,000) which is stated at cost, the Group’s
          investment properties are carried at their fair values at 31 December 2023 amounting to HK$1,537,674,000 (2022:
          HK$1,487,921,000). The fair values were based on valuation on these properties conducted by independent
          professionally qualified valuers using property valuation techniques which involve certain assumptions of market
          conditions. Favorable or unfavorable changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of
          the Group’s investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss recognised in the
          consolidated income statement. Information about the valuation of investment properties is provided in Note 7.


     (E) INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE
          (I)    Estimation of useful life of float glass production capacity
                 Float glass production capacity that is considered to have an indefinite useful life is not amortised and is
                 tested for impairment annually and when there is an indication that it may be impaired. Float glass production
                 capacity is considered to have an indefinite useful life as there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which
                 it is expected to generate net cash inflows. Judgement is required to estimate the useful life of float glass
                 production capacity.


          (II)   Impairment of intangible assets with indefinite useful life
                 The Group tests whether intangible assets with indefinite useful life has suffered any impairment on an annual
                 basis. For the 2023 and 2022 reporting periods, the recoverable amount of cash-generating units (CGUs) was
                 determined based on value-in-use calculations which require the use of assumptions. The calculations use cash
                 flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period.



84   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

    (E) INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE (Continued)
         (II)   Impairment of intangible assets with indefinite useful life (Continued)
                Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates stated in Note 8.
                These growth rates are consistent with forecasts included in industry reports specific to the industry in which
                each CGU operates. Details of key assumptions are disclosed in Note 8.


5   SEGMENT INFORMATION

    Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the executive directors that are
    used to make strategic decisions.

    The executive directors consider the business from an operational perspective. Generally, the executive directors consider
    the performance of business of each operating segment within the Group separately. Thus, each business within the
    Group is an individual operating segment.

    Among these operating segments, they are aggregated into three segments based on the products sold: (1) float glass; (2)
    automobile glass; and (3) architectural glass.

    The executive directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit. The Group
    does not allocate operating costs to its segments as this information is not reviewed by the executive directors.

    Sales between segments are carried out at terms mutually agreed by both parties. The revenue from external parties
    reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated income statement.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     85
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
     December 2023 is as follows:

                                                                         Automobile Architectural
                                                           Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated           Total
                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

     Segment revenue                                       21,650,172       5,981,015      3,349,614               —    30,980,801
     Inter-segment revenue                                 (4,182,281)              —               —              —    (4,182,281)

     Revenue from external customers (Note)               17,467,891       5,981,015       3,349,614               —    26,798,520
     Cost of sales                                       (12,839,331)     (3,116,071)     (2,231,359)              — (18,186,761)

     Gross profit                                          4,628,560       2,864,944       1,118,255               —     8,611,759

     Depreciation charge
       – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)           1,046,153         160,569         167,869            4,335    1,378,926
       – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         64,673           6,988           1,073         56,698      129,432
     Amortisation charge
       – intangible assets (Note 22)                            1,893           1,671               —              —         3,564
     Increase in provision for loss allowance,
       net (Note 15)                                                21            896           3,248              —         4,165
     Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —      1,007,401     1,007,401


     Note:

     The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2023 have been recognised at point in time.




86   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                    Assets and liabilities
                                                                         Automobile Architectural
                                                          Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated              Total
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000

    Total assets                                          23,029,066       7,089,177      1,949,714      18,745,462       50,813,419

    Total assets included:
      Investments in associates (Note 13)                          —               —               —         9,947,018     9,947,018
      Loans to an associate                                        —               —               —           27,427         27,427
      Investment properties (Note 7)                               —               —               —         1,540,486     1,540,486
    Additions to non-current assets
      (other than financial assets at FVOCI)               2,706,130         137,839          22,743          773,370      3,640,082

    Total liabilities                                      3,435,564       2,079,481        912,136          8,520,385    14,947,566


    The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
    December 2022 is as follows:

                                                                          Automobile    Architectural
                                                           Float glass          glass           glass    Unallocated            Total
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000

    Segment revenue                                       20,152,631       6,081,282      3,076,942                —      29,310,855
    Inter-segment revenue                                 (3,564,865)              —               —               —      (3,564,865)

    Revenue from external customers (Note)               16,587,766       6,081,282       3,076,942                —     25,745,990
    Cost of sales                                       (12,165,715)      (3,023,687)    (1,870,213)               —     (17,059,615)

    Gross profit                                          4,422,051       3,057,595       1,206,729                —      8,686,375

    Depreciation charge
      – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)           1,083,056         140,698         126,794             5,287     1,355,835
      – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         70,800           4,706           3,294           57,757       136,557
    Amortisation charge
      – intangible assets (Note 22)                            1,319           1,410               —               —           2,729
    Increase in provision for loss allowance,
      net (Note 15)                                            2,734           1,796           1,560               —           6,090
    Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —          922,790       922,790


    Note:

    The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2022 have been recognised at point in time.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                   Assets and liabilities
                                                                        Automobile     Architectural
                                                          Float glass          glass           glass        Unallocated        Total
                                                           HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000       HK$’000

     Total assets                                        22,987,042      8,736,929       2,372,308          18,135,510    52,231,789

     Total assets included:
       Investments in associates (Note 13)                        —              —                —          9,349,334     9,349,334
       Loans to an associate                                      —              —                —             27,936        27,936
       Investment properties (Note 7)                             —              —                —          1,490,785     1,490,785
     Additions to non-current assets
       (other than financial assets at FVOCI)             1,506,945        160,005            3,687          1,166,732     2,837,369

     Total liabilities                                    2,646,151      2,557,678         579,817          14,360,520    20,144,166


     A reconciliation of segment gross profit to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                              2023             2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

     Segment gross profit                                                                              8,611,759          8,686,375
     Unallocated:
       Other income                                                                                     665,821             663,401
       Other (losses)/gains - net                                                                        (56,543)           192,624
       Selling and marketing costs                                                                  (1,310,293)           (1,810,143)
       Administrative and other operating expenses                                                  (2,263,222)           (2,388,301)
       Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                            (4,165)           (6,090)
       Finance income                                                                                   196,997             110,850
       Finance costs                                                                                    (503,407)          (371,540)
       Share of profits of associates                                                                  1,007,401            922,790

     Profit before income tax                                                                          6,344,348          5,999,966




88   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Reportable segment assets/(liabilities) are reconciled to total assets/(liabilities) as follows:

                                                                         Assets                               Liabilities

                                                                      2023                2022               2023                2022
                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000

    Segment assets/(liabilities)                               32,067,957          34,096,279           (6,427,181)         (5,783,646)
    Unallocated:
      Property, plant and equipment                             2,495,615           1,794,190                   —                   —
      Right-of-use assets                                       2,396,066           2,481,436                   —                   —
      Investment properties                                     1,540,486           1,490,785                   —                   —
      Prepayments for property, plant and
         equipment, right-of-use assets and
         intangible assets                                        113,357             208,723                   —                   —
      Intangible assets                                             23,633              28,222                  —                   —
      Fixed bank deposits                                           98,738            102,183                   —                   —
      Financial assets at FVOCI                                          —              27,441                  —                   —
      Financial assets at FVTPL                                     42,376            734,170                   —                   —
      Investments in associates                                 9,947,018           9,349,334                   —                   —
      Loans to an associate                                         27,427              27,936                  —                   —
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables               1,242,355           1,105,938                   —                   —
      Cash and bank balances                                      814,241             785,152                   —                   —
      Deferred income tax assets                                     4,150                   —                  —                   —
      Other payables                                                     —                   —           (753,285)           (660,301)
      Current income tax liabilities                                     —                   —           (114,528)             (76,198)
      Deferred income tax liabilities                                    —                   —           (365,998)           (387,701)
      Bank borrowings                                                    —                   —          (7,286,574)     (13,236,320)

    Total assets/(liabilities)                                 50,813,419          52,231,789          (14,947,566)     (20,144,166)


    The amounts provided to the executive directors with respect to total assets are measured in a manner consistent with
    that of the consolidated financial statements. These assets are allocated based on the operations of the segment.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Breakdown of the revenue from the sales of products is as follows:

                                                                                                          2023           2022
                                                                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000

     Sales of float glass                                                                         17,467,891      16,587,766
     Sales of automobile glass                                                                        5,981,015     6,081,282
     Sales of architectural glass                                                                     3,349,614     3,076,942

     Total                                                                                        26,798,520      25,745,990


     The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from customers located in Greater China (including Hong Kong and the PRC)
     and the Group’s business activities are conducted predominately in Greater China. An analysis of the Group’s sales by
     geographical area of its customers is as follows:

                                                                                                          2023           2022
                                                                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000

     Greater China                                                                                19,427,683      17,567,008
     Other countries                                                                                  7,370,837     8,178,982

                                                                                                  26,798,520      25,745,990


     An analysis of the Group’s non-current assets other than financial assets at FVOCI by geographical area in which the assets
     are located is as follows:

                                                                                                          2023           2022
                                                                                                       HK$’000       HK$’000

     Greater China                                                                                35,080,219      37,407,393
     Malaysia                                                                                         1,622,584     1,781,932
     Other countries                                                                                   498,662         96,322

                                                                                                  37,201,465      39,285,647


     None of a single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2023
     (2022: None).

     Sales of goods are recognised at a point in time when a group entity has delivered products to the customer; the customer
     has accepted the products and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.




90   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    (I)      Accounting policies of revenue recognition
             The Group manufactures and sells glass products. Revenue from sales of glass products are recognised when control
             of the products has transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled
             obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have
             been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customers,
             and either the customers has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions
             have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

             Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract. No element of financing is
             deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 to 90 days, which is consistent with market practice.

             A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration is
             unconditional and only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.


6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES

                                           Construction      Freehold                      Plant and         Office
                                             in progress          land      Buildings     machinery     equipment            Total
                                              HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

    Year ended 31 December 2022
    Opening net book amount                  1,465,900        170,104      5,020,154     12,038,101         90,274     18,784,533
    Currency translation differences          (120,007)         (9,332)     (392,365)      (944,598)         (6,530)    (1,472,832)
    Additions                                1,593,644              —         19,755        297,285         39,041      1,949,725
    Transfers                               (2,750,275)             —        409,715      2,332,061           8,499             —
    Transfer to investment
          properties (Note 7)                        —              —        (16,901)             —              —        (16,901)
    Disposals                                        —              —           (231)       (84,601)           (329)      (85,161)
    Depreciation charge                              —              —       (219,568)    (1,348,406)       (35,919)    (1,603,893)

    Closing net book amount                   189,262        160,772      4,820,559     12,289,842          95,036     17,555,471

    At 31 December 2022
    Cost                                       189,262        160,772      6,540,925     21,440,082        252,402     28,583,443
    Accumulated depreciation                         —              —     (1,720,366)    (9,150,240)      (157,366)    (11,027,972)

    Net book amount                           189,262        160,772      4,820,559     12,289,842          95,036     17,555,471




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

                                        Construction      Freehold                     Plant and         Office
                                          in progress         land      Buildings     machinery     equipment            Total
                                           HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

     Year ended 31 December 2023
     Opening net book amount                189,262        160,772      4,820,559     12,289,842         95,036     17,555,471
     Currency translation differences         (4,156)        (6,556)       (97,139)     (236,817)         (1,588)     (346,256)
     Additions                            2,148,795              —        101,496        502,025         46,994      2,799,310
     Transfers                            (1,115,730)            —        375,377        737,731          2,622              —
     Transfer to investment
       properties (Note 7)                        —              —        (40,334)             —              —        (40,334)
     Disposals                                    —              —         (3,010)      (232,285)            (90)     (235,385)
     Depreciation charge                          —              —       (228,415)    (1,250,606)       (38,397)    (1,517,418)

     Closing net book amount              1,218,171        154,216      4,928,534     11,809,890        104,577     18,215,388

     At 31 December 2023
     Cost                                 1,218,171        154,216      6,846,681     21,708,469        294,002     30,221,539
     Accumulated depreciation                     —              —     (1,918,147)    (9,898,579)      (189,425) (12,006,151)

     Net book amount                      1,218,171        154,216      4,928,534     11,809,890        104,577     18,215,388


     Depreciation expense of approximately HK$1,235,440,000 (2022: HK$1,214,047,000) has been charged in cost of sales,
     HK$143,486,000 (2022: HK$141,788,000) in selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses
     and HK$1,366,147,000 (2022: HK$1,227,655,000) has been capitalised in inventories.

     During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounted to HK$104,465,000 (2022: HK$34,402,000) on
     qualifying assets (Note 26). Borrowing costs were capitalised at the weighted average rate of its general borrowings of 5.0%
     (2022: 3.0%) per annum.




92   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

    (I)   Revaluation, depreciation methods and useful lives
          Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values, over their
          estimated useful lives, as follows:

          – Buildings                                                                                                  20-30 years
          – Plant and machinery                                                                                         5-20 years
          – Office equipment                                                                                             3-7 years

          The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
          period.

          See note 35.5 for the other accounting policies relevant to property, plant and equipment.


    LEASES
    This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.


    (I)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
          The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

          Right-of-use assets
          Leasehold lands and land-use rights                                                       4,347,201           4,205,747
          Buildings                                                                                     16,871             19,792

                                                                                                    4,364,072           4,225,539


                                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                                      HK$’000             HK$’000

          Lease liabilities
          Current                                                                                        7,882             20,230
          Non-current                                                                                    9,922                 848

                                                                                                        17,804             21,078




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

     LEASES (Continued)
     (II)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement
             The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                           2023                2022
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

             Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note)
             Leasehold land and land use rights                                                         105,805            107,065
             Buildings                                                                                   23,700             29,566

                                                                                                        129,505            136,631
             Unwinding of interest on lease liabilities (Note 26)                                          1,432              2,179


             The total cash outflow for leases in 2023 was HK$24,620,000 (2022: HK$32,572,000).

             Notes:

             Depreciation charge of HK$73,000 (2022: HK$74,000) were capitalised as direct cost of construction in progress during the
             year ended 31 December 2023 when the buildings thereon were not yet ready for production purposes. For the year ended 31
             December 2023, depreciation of the Group’s right-of-use assets amounted to HK$129,432,000 (2022: HK$136,557,000) were
             charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 22).


     (III)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
             Lands in the PRC are state-owned. The Group acquired leasehold lands from mainland China government by one-
             off prepayment with lease terms of 20 to 50 years. The leasehold lands were classified as “right-of-use assets”. The
             Group also leases various offices and warehouses. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 1 year to 5.7
             years.

             Lease terms for offices and warehouses are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different
             terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the
             leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




94   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

    LEASES (Continued)
    (III)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for (Continued)
            The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the leases. If that rate cannot be readily
            determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
            being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
            similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

            To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

            •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted
                  to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

            •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the
                  Group, which does not have recent third-party financing, and

            •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, eg term, country, currency and security.

            If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or market
            data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the Group entities use that rate as a starting point to
            determine the incremental borrowing rate.

            Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
            a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
            depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

            Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets are
            recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of
            12 months or less without a purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office
            furniture.

            See note 35.21 for the other accounting policies relevant to leases.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7    INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                             2023                2022
                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000

     At 1 January                                                                                       1,490,785          1,661,384
     Currency translation differences                                                                      (26,063)          (138,749)
     Additions                                                                                                  —               4,177
     Transferred from property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                               40,334              16,901
     Transferred from right-of-use assets                                                                  31,843                 801
     Revaluation gains on investment properties transferred from property,
            plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                                                    35,833                   —
     Fair value losses (Note 25)                                                                           (32,246)           (53,729)

     At 31 December                                                                                     1,540,486          1,490,785



     (I)       Amounts recognised in profit or loss for investment properties

                                                                                                             2023                2022
                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000

               Rental income from operating lease (Note 24)                                                73,693              62,406
               Fair value losses recognised in other (losses)/gains - net (Note 25)                        (32,246)           (53,729)



     (II)      Measuring investment property at fair value
               Investment properties, principally comprising leasehold lands and office buildings, are held for long-term rental
               yields, capital appreciation or both, and that are not occupied by the Group. They also include properties that
               are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties. Investment properties are initially
               measured at cost, including related transaction costs and interest expense capitalised. After initial recognition at cost
               investment properties are carried at fair value, representing open market value determined at each reporting date by
               external valuers. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature,
               location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group uses alternative valuation
               methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow projections. Changes in fair values are
               recorded in the consolidated income statement as fair value gain or loss in “Other (losses)/gains - net”.




96   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    (III)   Presenting cash flows
            The Group classifies cash outflows to acquire or construct investment property as investing and rental inflows as
            operating cash flows.


    (IV)    Leasing arrangements
            The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Lease income
            from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line basis over the lease
            term.

            Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties are set out in Note 31.

            As at 31 December 2023, the Group had five (31 December 2022: four) investment properties located in the PRC
            and one investment property in Hong Kong. The Group obtained independent valuations from Graval Consulting
            Limited for four (31 December 2022: three) investment properties located in the PRC and one investment property in
            Hong Kong.


    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP
    The Group’s investment properties were valued at 31 December 2023 and 2022 by independent professionally qualified
    valuers who hold recognised relevant professional qualification and have recent experience in the locations and segments
    of the investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best use.

    The Group’s finance department reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuers for financial reporting
    purposes. This team reports directly to the chief financial officer and group senior management for discussions in relation
    to the valuation processes and the reasonableness of the valuation results.

    At each financial year end the Group’s finance department:

    •       Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

    •       Assess property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report;

    •       Holds discussions with the independent valuer.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7    INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

     VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)
     The following table analyses the investment properties carried at their fair values, by valuation method.

                                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                                              HK$’000               HK$’000

     Fair value hierarchy (level 3):
       – Commercial building - Xiamen, the PRC                                                               1,140,318            1,187,395
       – Commercial building 3 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                             104,334              117,779
       – Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                           122,732              116,907
       – Office unit - Hong Kong                                                                                 62,280               65,840
       – Factory building - Jiangsu, the PRC                                                                   108,010                     —

     At cost
       – Commercial building 2 - Shenzhen, the PRC (Note)                                                         2,812                2,864

                                                                                                             1,540,486            1,490,785


     Note: As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the fair value of this investment property could not be reliably measured as the market for
           comparable properties was inactive due to the Group was in the process of obtaining the property ownership certificate in respect
           of property interest held. In addition, alternative for reliably measurement of fair value of the property was not available. In the
           opinion of directors, the absence of the property ownership certificate to this property interest does not impair the carrying amount
           to the Group as the Group has paid the full purchase consideration of this property interest and the probability of being evicted on
           the ground of an absence of property ownership certificate is remote.

     There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.




98   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)
    Fair value measurement using significant unobservable input (level 3)

                                                 Commercial    Commercial                                       Factory
                                                  building -   building 3 -   Office unit -                   building -
                                                    Xiamen,     Shenzhen,          Wuhu,      Office unit -    Jiangsu,
                                                    the PRC       the PRC         the PRC     Hong Kong        the PRC         Total
                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000

    At 1 January 2023                             1,187,395       117,779         116,907          65,840            —     1,487,921
    Currency translation differences                (21,724)        (2,193)         (2,094)             —            —       (26,011)
    Transfer from property, plant and
      equipment (Note 6)                                 —              —               —               —        40,334      40,334
    Transfer from right-of-use assets                    —              —               —               —        31,843      31,843
    Fair value gains/(losses) (Note 25)             (25,353)       (11,252)          7,919          (3,560)          —       (32,246)
    Revaluation gains on investment
      properties transferred from property,
      plant and equipment and
      right-of-use assets                                —              —               —               —        35,833      35,833

    At 31 December 2023                           1,140,318       104,334         122,732          62,280      108,010     1,537,674

    Total gains/(losses) for the year included
      in the consolidated income statement
      for assets held at the end of year            (25,353)       (11,252)          7,919          (3,560)          —       (32,246)

    Change in unrealised gains/(losses) for
      the year included in the consolidated
      income statement for assets held
      at the end of year                            (25,353)       (11,252)          7,919          (3,560)          —       (32,246)




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)

                                                               Commercial     Commercial
                                                                 building -   building 3 -
                                                                  Xiamen,      Shenzhen,       Office unit -   Office unit -
                                                                  the PRC        the PRC     Wuhu, the PRC     Hong Kong           Total
                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

      At 1 January 2022                                         1,332,436        136,986          118,668           70,160     1,658,250
      Currency translation differences                           (115,764)       (12,256)          (10,459)              —      (138,479)
      Additions                                                         —          4,177                 —               —        4,177
      Transfer from property, plant and equipment (Note 6)              —              —            16,901               —       16,901
      Transfer from right-of-use assets                                 —              —               801               —          801
      Fair value losses (Note 25)                                 (29,277)       (11,128)           (9,004)         (4,320)      (53,729)

      At 31 December 2022                                       1,187,395        117,779          116,907           65,840     1,487,921

      Total losses for the year included in the consolidated
        income statement for assets held at the end of year       (29,277)       (11,128)           (9,004)         (4,320)      (53,729)

      Change in unrealised losses for the year included in
        the consolidated income statement for assets
        held at the end of year                                   (29,277)       (11,128)           (9,004)         (4,320)      (53,729)




100   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    INFORMATION ABOUT FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS USING SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE
    INPUTS (LEVEL 3)
                                                                                                           Range of unobservable       Relationship of
                                       Fair value at   Valuation                        Unobservable       inputs (probability-        unobservable inputs to
    Description                   31 December 2023     technique(s)                     inputs             weighted average)           fair value

    Commercial building –         HK$1,140,318,000     Based on current prices in an    Market value       HK$22,830 per square        The higher the market value,
      Xiamen, the PRC                        (2022:      active market for similar        (2022: same)       meter (2022: HK$22,889      the higher the fair value
                                  HK$1,187,395,000)      properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                         location and condition
                                                         and subject to similar lease
                                                         (2022: same)

    Commercial building 3 –         HK$104,334,000     Based on current price in an     Market value       HK$34,627 per square        The higher the market value,
      Shenzhen, the PRC                      (2022:      active market for similar        (2022: same)       meter (2022: HK$39,089      the higher the fair value
                                   HK$117,779,000)       properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                         location and condition
                                                         and subject to similar lease
                                                         (2022: same)

    Office unit – Wuhu, the PRC     HK$122,732,000     Based on current price in an     Market value       HK$11,661 per square        The higher the market value,
                                             (2022:      active market for similar        (2022: same)       meter (2022: HK$9,466       the higher the fair value
                                   HK$116,907,000)       properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                         location and condition
                                                         and subject to similar lease
                                                         (2022: Same)

    Factory building - Jiangsu,     HK$108,010,000     Based on current price in an     Market value       HK$2,543 per square         The higher the market value,
      the PRC                                            active market for similar                           meter                       the higher the fair value
                                                         properties in the same
                                                         location and condition and
                                                         subject to similar lease

    Office unit – Hong Kong          HK$62,280,000     Based on current price in an     Recent market      HK$16,402 per square feet   The higher the market value,
                                             (2022:      active market for similar        price (2022:       (2022: HK$17,361 per        the higher the fair value
                                    HK$65,840,000)       properties in the same           same)              square feet)
                                                         location and condition
                                                                                        Level adjustment   3.8% (2022:3.5%)            The higher the level, the
                                                         and subject to similar lease
                                                                                          (2022: same)                                   higher the fair value
                                                         (2022: same)

                                                                                        View adjustment    3.8% (2022: 3.5%)           The better the view, the
                                                                                          (2022: same)                                   higher the fair value


    There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.



                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                         101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


8     INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                       Float glass
                                                               Customer                production     Mining
                                     Goodwill   Trademark relationship      Patent       capacity      rights        Total
                                      HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000

      Year ended 31 December
        2022
      Opening net book amount          55,877        4,897        1,314        325        831,832          —      894,245
      Additions                             —             —          —           —         22,073     30,730       52,803
      Currency translation
        difference                          —             —          —          (24)      (72,844)     (1,254)     (74,122)
      Amortisation charge
        (Note 22)                           —        (1,115)       (294)        (66)           —       (1,254)      (2,729)

      Closing net book amount          55,877        3,782        1,020        235        781,061     28,222      870,197

      At 31 December 2022
      Cost                             55,877       20,306        5,404      8,097        781,061     29,456      900,201
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                      —       (16,524)     (4,384)     (7,862)           —       (1,234)     (30,004)

      Net book amount                  55,877        3,782        1,020        235        781,061     28,222      870,197

      Year ended 31 December
        2023
      Opening net book amount          55,877        3,782        1,020        235        781,061     28,222      870,197
      Additions                             —             —          —           —        143,077    243,933      387,010
      Currency translation
        difference                          —             —          —           (5)      (14,224)      (499)      (14,728)
      Amortisation charge
        (Note 22)                           —        (1,055)       (280)        (62)           —      (2,167)       (3,564)

      Closing net book amount          55,877        2,727         740         168        909,914    269,489     1,238,915

      At 31 December 2023
      Cost                             55,877       20,306        5,404      8,092        909,914    272,851     1,272,444
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                      —       (17,579)     (4,664)    (7,924)            —      (3,362)      (33,529)

      Net book amount                  55,877        2,727         740         168        909,914    269,489     1,238,915




102   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
8   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

    Amortisation charge of HK$3,564,000 (2022: HK$2,729,000) has been included in administrative and other operating
    expenses in the consolidated income statement (Note 22).


    (I)   AMORTISATION METHODS AND PERIODS
          The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the following
          periods:

          – Trademark, customer relationship and patent                              3-20 years


    (II) CAPITALISED EXPLORATION, EVALUATION AND MINING RIGHT EXPENDITURE
          Costs directly associated with an exploration well and exploration (researching and analysing existing exploration
          data; exploratory drilling, trenching and sampling, examining and testing extraction and treatment methods;
          obtaining legal exploration or mining rights) are capitalised until the determination of reserves is evaluated. If it is
          determined that commercial discovery has not been achieved, these costs are charged to expense.

          Once commercial reserves are found, exploration and evaluation assets are tested for impairment and the costs
          are amortised using the units of production method according to the proved reserves. No depreciation and/or
          amortisation is charged during the exploration and evaluation phrase.

          Capitalised exploration, evaluation and mining right expenditure are tested for impairment, when reclassified to
          development tangible or intangible assets (if appropriate), or whenever facts and circumstances indicate impairment.
          An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the exploration, evaluation and mining right expenditure’s
          carrying amount exceeds their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of their fair value less costs
          to sell and their value in use.

          See note 35.6 for the other accounting policies relevant to intangible assets, and note 35.7 for the Group’s policy
          regarding impairments.


    IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR GOODWILL
    Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operating segment. For the purposes of
    impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the automobile glass operating segment.

    The recoverable amount of the automobile glass operating segment is determined based on value-in-use calculations.
    These calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-
    year period with estimated compound annual growth rate of 4.5% (2022: 3.5%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period
    are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate of 2.0% (2022: 2.0%).




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


8     INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

      IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR GOODWILL (Continued)
      Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in costs
      and sales prices. Future cash flows are discounted at 13.0% (2022: 12.3%) per annum. The discount rate used is pre-tax
      and reflects specific risks relating to this operating segment.

      Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of goodwill to exceed the recoverable amount.


      IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE
      Float glass production capacity is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operating
      segment. For the purposes of impairment testing, float glass production capacity has been allocated to the float glass
      operating segment.

      The recoverable amount of the float glass operating segment is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These
      calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year
      period with estimated compound annual growth rate of 3.0% (2022: 3.0% to 5.9%). Cash flows beyond the five-year
      period are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate of 2.0% (2022: 2.0%).

      Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in costs
      and sales prices. Future cash flows are discounted at 13.0% (2022: 12.3%) per annum. The discount rate used is pre-tax
      and reflects specific risks relating to this operating segment.

      Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of float glass production capacity to exceed the recoverable amount.




104   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
9   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

    Financial assets as per consolidated balance sheet
    Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 11)                                                                   —             27,441
    Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                                              42,376           734,170
    Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                                                  27,427             27,936
    Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                                    5,571,315         3,598,951
    Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                                 146,750           141,388
    Fixed bank deposits (Note 16)                                                                 1,289,084         4,845,730
    Cash and cash equivalents (Note 16)                                                           1,990,800         3,180,155

    Total                                                                                         9,067,752        12,555,771


                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

    Financial liabilities as per consolidated balance sheet
    Liabilities at amortised cost
    Bank borrowings (Note 20)                                                                     8,174,030        13,515,680
    Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities                                  3,575,926         4,224,872
    Lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                                       17,804             21,078

    Total                                                                                       11,767,760         17,761,630


    The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the financial instruments is discussed in note 3. The maximum
    exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each class of financial assets mentioned
    above.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2023:

                                                                                                                     Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                     of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                         shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of                                                                           directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         Principal activities    Particulars of                      held by       held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of            issued/registered      Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation               share capital            held           (%)           (%)           (%)

      Kangchen Plastic (Shenzhen)    The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      plastic products        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB3,280,000

      Shenzhen Benson Automobile     The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB140,000,000

      Dongguan Benson Automobile The PRC, limited           Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              US$45,980,000

      Xinyi Automobile Glass         The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        (Shenzhen) Company Limited     liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB364,173,022

      Xinyi Automobile Parts (Wuhu) The PRC, limited        Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              US$51,800,000

      Xinyi Glass (Tianjin)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                              architectural glass     US$126,000,000
                                                              in the PRC




106   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2023: (Continued)

                                                                                                                       Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                       of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                           shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                    Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                    incorporation/         Principal activities    Particulars of                         held by       held by    controlling
                                    establishment and      and place of            issued/registered         Interest the Company    the Group        interest
    Name                            kind of legal entity   operation               share capital               held           (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Ultra-thin Glass          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      (Dongguan) Company              liability company      float glass             paid up capital of
      Limited                                                in the PRC              US$80,000,000

    Xinyi Glass Japan               Japan, limited liability Trading of automobile Authorised and paid up      55%             —           55%           45%
      Company Limited                 company                glass in Japan          capital of 400
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     JP¥50,000 each

    Xinyi Auto Glass                Canada, limited        Trading of automobile Authorised and paid           70%             —           70%           30%
      (North America) Corporation     liability company      glass in Canada         up capital of 100,000
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     CAD0.1 each

    Xinyi Group (Glass)             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      1,000 ordinary shares      100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company      and trading
                                                             in Hong Kong

    Xinyi International             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      10,000 ordinary shares     100%             —          100%             —
      Investments Limited             liability company      and trading
                                                             in Hong Kong

    Xinyi Automobile Glass (BVI)    The British Virgin     Investment holding      Authorised and paid        100%          100%          100%             —
      Company Limited                 Islands, limited       in Hong Kong            up capital of 55,000
                                      liability company                              ordinary shares of
                                                                                     US$1 each

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu)       The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                             architectural glass     US$58,500,000
                                                             in the PRC




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2023: (Continued)

                                                                                                                         Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                         of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                             shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                       Place of                                                                             directly       shares       by non-
                                       incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                       held by       held by    controlling
                                       establishment and      and place of             issued/registered       Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                             kind of legal entity   operation                share capital             held           (%)           (%)           (%)

      Xinyi Special Glass (Jiangmen)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered capital of    100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      float glass              US$180,800,000
                                                                in the PRC               and total paid up
                                                                                         capital of
                                                                                         US$131,860,000

      Xinyi Glass (Jiangmen)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and           100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC               RMB2,000,000

      Xinyi Glass Engineering          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and           100%             —          100%             —
        (Dongguan) Company               liability company      architectural glass      paid up capital of
        Limited                                                 in the PRC               US$60,000,000

      Xinyi Glass (Yingkou)            The PRC, limited       Manufacturing            Registered and           100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      of float glass,          paid up capital of
                                                                 automobile glass        US$119,000,000
                                                                and architectural
                                                                glass in the PRC

      Xinyi Automobile Parts           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and           100%             —          100%             —
        (Tianjin) Company Limited        liability company      automobile glass         paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC               US$57,150,000

      Xinyi Glass (Xiamen) Co. Ltd     The PRC, limited       Conducting research      Registered and           100%          100%          100%             —
                                         liability company      and trading of glass     paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC               HK$120,000,000

      Xinyi Electronic Glass           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and           100%             —          100%             —
        (Wuhu) Company Limited           liability company      electronic glass         paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC               US$60,630,000




108   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2023: (Continued)

                                                                                                                      Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                      of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                          shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                   Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                   incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                        held by       held by    controlling
                                   establishment and      and place of             issued/registered        Interest the Company    the Group        interest
    Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital              held           (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Sichuan)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing            Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      of float glass,          paid up capital of
                                                            automobile glass         US$99,000,000
                                                            and architectural
                                                            glass in the PRC

    Xinyi Energy Smart             Malaysia, limited      Manufacturing of         Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
      (Malaysia) SDN.BHD             liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                            in Malaysia              RM$20,000,000

    Xinhe Logistics (Wuhu)         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                                                     RMB1,250,000

    Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai)     The PRC, limited       Operate wind farm        Registered and             82%             —           82%           18%
      Company Limited                liability company      for electricity          paid up capital of
                                                            generation               RMB12,195,129

    Wuhu Jinshanshi Numerical      The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and           85.66%            —        85.66%        14.34%
      Control Technology Co. Ltd     liability company      automatic                paid up capital of
                                                            machines for solar       RMB30,000,000
                                                            glass factory and
                                                            other glass related
                                                            industry

    Xinyi Glass (Bozhou)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing and        Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      sales of glass           paid up capital of
                                                            products                 RMB 10,000,000

    Xinyi Glass (GuangXi)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and paid up    100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      float glass              capital of RMB
                                                            in the PRC               650,000,000




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2023: (Continued)

                                                                                                                        Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                        of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                            shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                        held by       held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of             issued/registered        Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital              held           (%)           (%)           (%)

      Guangxi Xinyi Supply Chain     The PRC, limited       Provision of supply      Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
        Management                     liability company      chain services           paid up capital of
        Company Limited                                       in the PRC               RMB3,000,000

      Beihai Xinhe Logistics         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                                                       RMB1,500,000

      Xinyi (Jiangsu)                The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC               US$200,000,000

      Ultimate Luck Global Limited   The British Virgin     Investment holding       Authorised and paid        60%             —           60%           40%
                                       Islands, limited       in Hong Kong             up capital of 50,000
                                       liability company                               ordinary shares of
                                                                                       US$1each

      Xinyi Glass (Hainan)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and paid up    100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass              capital of
                                                              in the PRC               RMB19,322,075,000

      Cheer Wise Investment          Hong Kong, limited     Property and car         1 ordinary share           60%             —           60%           40%
        Limited                        liability company      parks holding
                                                              in Hong Kong

      Xinyi Supply Chain             The PRC, limited       Providing supply         Registered capital of     100%             —          100%             —
        Management (Jiangsu)           liability company      chain service            US$32,000,000 and
        Company Limited                                                                paid up capital of
                                                                                        US$10,000,000




110   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2023: (Continued)

                                                                                                                   Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                   of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                       shares    of ordinary   shares held
                               Place of                                                                               directly       shares       by non-
                               incorporation/         Principal activities   Particulars of                           held by       held by    controlling
                               establishment and      and place of           issued/registered           Interest the Company    the Group        interest
    Name                       kind of legal entity   operation              share capital                 held           (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Glass (Chongqin)     The PRC, limited       Manufacturing float    Registered and paid up       100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited            liability company      glass and              capital of
                                                        Low-E products         RMB968,000,000

    Hepu Xinyi New Materials   The PRC, limited       Mining                 Registered and paid up       100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited            liability company                             capital of
                                                                               RMB10,660,000

    PT Xinyi Glass Indonesia   Indonesia, limited     Manufacturing and      Registered and               100%             —          100%             —
                                 liability company      trading of glass       paid up capital of
                                                        products               Indonesia Rupiah
                                                                               10,000,000,000




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


11 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

      (A) EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FVOCI
                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

           At 1 January                                                                            27,441            25,275
           Fair value (losses)/gains recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 18)           (27,441)            2,166

           At 31 December                                                                               —            27,441
           Less: Non-current portion                                                                    —           (27,441)

           Current portion                                                                              —                 —



           (I)   Classification of financial assets at FVOCI
                 As at 31 December 2022, financial assets at FVOCI represents equity security listed in Hong Kong - ZMFY
                 Automobile Glass Services Limited (“ZMFY”) which is not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably
                 elected at initial recognition to recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group
                 considers this classification to be more relevant.

                 The Group’s shareholding in ZMFY as at 31 December 2023 is approximately 15.17% (2022: approximately
                 15.17%). During the year ended 31 December 2023, the HKEX announced that the listing of the shares of
                 ZMFY was cancelled from 16 May 2023. The directors consider the fair value of financial assets at FVOCI to be
                 zero.




112   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS

   (A) CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
       The Group classifies the following financial assets at FVTPL:

       •     equity investments that are held for trading, and

       •     equity investments for which the Group has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through other
             comprehensive income, and

       •     debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or FVOCI.

       As at 31 December, financial assets measured at FVTPL include the following:

                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

       Current assets
       PRC listed equity securities                                                                24,486            30,212
       PRC short-term financial products                                                           17,890           703,958

                                                                                                   42,376           734,170


       As at 31 December 2023, financial assets at FVTPL represent equity securities listed in the PRC (Zotye Automibile
       Co. Ltd and Tangshan Sanyou Chemical Industries Co., Ltd) and short-term financial products (“Financial Products”)
       issued by a bank in the PRC which are held for trading, and which the Group has not elected at initial recognition
       to recognise in FVOCI. The Financial Products were not principal guaranteed nor with pre-determined or guaranteed
       return. As at 31 December 2023, the Group had HK$17,890,000 (2022: HK$703,958,000) Financial Products not
       been redeemed or matured.

       See note 35.8 for the remaining relevant accounting policies.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Continued)

      (B) AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT OR LOSS
            During the year, the following gains were recognised in consolidated income statement:

                                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

            Unrealised fair value gains of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                        12,487            657
            Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                                       —          49,785
            Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                 2,393        202,761


      (C) RISK EXPOSURE AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
            Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 3.1(c). For information about the methods
            and assumptions used in determining fair value please refer to Note 3.3.


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

      Investments in associates
      At 1 January                                                                              9,349,334         9,482,532
      Currency translation differences                                                                  (588)         (2,850)
      Addition to interests in an associate (Note (a))                                               132,855        186,724
      Dilution of interests in an associate (Note (b))                                                (1,849)        21,183
      Share of profits of associates                                                            1,007,401           922,790
      Share of other comprehensive loss                                                          (124,889)         (771,416)
      Dividends received                                                                         (415,246)         (489,629)

      At 31 December                                                                            9,947,018         9,349,334




114   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

                                                                                                                     2023             2022
                                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000

   Loans to an associate
         – Current portion                                                                                              —                —
         – Non-current portion                                                                                      27,427          27,936

                                                                                                                    27,427          27,936


   Notes:

   (a)      On 28 September 2022, Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”), an associate, recommended the declaration the
            payment of 2022 interim dividend of 7.7 HK cents per share of the company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the
            eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of 10,411,115 shares at the market price of HK$3.06 per share, totaled
            HK$31,858,000.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group purchased 9,234,000 shares of Xinyi Energy at cost of HK$18,638,400 from
            the Hong Kong stock market.

            During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group subscribed 96 ordinary shares of Xinyi Silicon Holdings Limited (“Xinyi
            Silicon”), at cost of HK$136,228,000 representing a total of 48% of ordinary shares of Xinyi Silicon.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group purchased 16,834,000 shares of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited Xinyi Solar at
            cost of HK$129,630,280 from the Hong Kong stock market.

            Duiring the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group invested in Jiangsu Lianxun Technology Company Limited (“Jiangsu
            Lianxun”) at cost of HK$3,225,000 representing a total of 30% of the ordinary shares of Jiangsu Lianxun.

   (b)      In June 2022, Xinyi Energy allotted and issued 183,652,510 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group. The
            Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy was diluted, resulting in an increase in the investment of approximately HK$21,183,000,
            comprising a dilution gain of approximately HK$21,966,000 and the reclassification of currency translation loss of approximately
            HK$783,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement.

            In June 2023, Xinyi Energy allotted and issued 744,040,025 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group. The
            Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy was diluted, resulting in an decrease in the investment of approximately HK$1,849,000, comprising
            a dilution loss of approximately HK$5,773,000 and the reclassification of currency translation gain of approximately HK$3,924,000
            from reserves to consolidated income statement.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal associates as at 31 December 2023:

                                                                                       Principal activities and
      Name                                   Particulars of registered share capital   place of operation                       Interest held

      Xinyi Solar (Note (i))                 Authorised capital of                     Production and sales of solar glass           23.40%
                                               HK$8,000,000,000 and total                products in the PRC, and development
                                               paid up capital of HK$890,325,000         and operation of solar farms and
                                               (2022: HK$8,000,000,000 and total         provision of engineering procurement
                                               paid up of HK$889,624,000)                and construction services

      Xinyi Energy (Note (ii))               Authorised capital of HK$8,000,000,000    Management and operations of                   5.46%
                                               and total paid up capital                 solar farms in the PRC
                                               of HK$82,566,000 (2022:
                                               HK$8,000,000,000 and total paid of
                                               HK$74,404,000)

      Xinyi Silicon                          Registered and paid up capital of         Production and sales of silicon                  48%
                                               RMB120,000,000 (2022: same)               products in the PRC

      Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited Registered and paid up capital of          Exploration, mining and trading of               45%
                                               RMB25,454,500 (2022: same)                silica in the PRC

      Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz        Registered and paid up capital of         Exploration, mining and trading of               20%
        Sand Company Limited                   RMB10,500,000 (2022: same)                silica in the PRC

      Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke          Registered and paid up capital of         Provision of natural gas                         25%
        Natural Gas Investment                 RMB10,000,000 (2022: same)                in the PRC
        Company Limited

      Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company           Registered and paid up capital of         Mining in the PRC                                49%
        Limited (Note (iii))                   RMB50,000,000 (2022: same)

      Jiangsu Lianxun                        Registered capital of RMB30,000,000       Provision of technology service                  30%
                                               and paid up capital of RMB10,000,000      in the PRC




116   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Notes:

   (i)      As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
            HK$9,501,968,000 (2022: HK$17,858,283,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was HK$8,877,751,000 (2022:
            HK$8,261,875,000).

   (ii)     As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
            HK$644,062,000 (2022: HK$1,166,519,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was HK$896,853,000 (2022:
            HK$909,986,000).

            During the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, Xinyi Energy remained a subsidiary of Xinyi Solar.

   (iii)    During January to February 2021, the Group entered into an investment agreement and subscribed for 49% ordinary shares of
            Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company Limited (“Wuxuan Xinbao”) at a consideration of RMB25,000,000. According to the investment
            agreement, the Group will transfer the 49% interests to the other investor of Wuxuan Xinbao at RMB25,000,000 at the end of a
            20-year operating period and the consideration shall be settled by Wuxuan Xinbao. Wuxuan Xinbao will pay the Group an annual
            sum of RMB2,000,000 and the Group does not entitle to any profit or loss of Wuxuan Xinbao during the 20-year operating period.
            The amount paid to Wuxuan Xinbao is classified as loans to an associate under amortised cost.

   There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in the associates.


   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES
   (a)      Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
            method:


            Summarised consolidated balance sheet
                                                                                                                  2023            2022
                                                                                                               HK$’000        HK$’000

            Current
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                        2,822,024       5,325,714
            Other current assets (excluding cash)                                                           16,999,609     13,782,383

            Total current assets                                                                            19,821,633     19,108,097
            Current liabilities                                                                             (17,222,602)   (10,610,356)
            Non-current
            Assets                                                                                          40,611,361     31,466,961
            Liabilities                                                                                      (5,351,985)    (4,733,325)

            Net assets                                                                                      37,858,407     35,231,377




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
            method: (Continued)


            Summarised consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                                 2023             2022
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

            Revenue                                                                        26,628,754       20,544,041
            Depreciation and amortisation                                                  (1,824,982)       (1,553,947)
            Interest income                                                                    34,315           30,866
            Interest expense                                                                 (383,760)         (198,392)

            Profit before income tax                                                        5,571,434        5,180,978
            Income tax expense                                                               (870,888)         (835,212)

            Post-tax profit from operations                                                 4,700,546        4,345,766
            Other comprehensive loss                                                         (596,873)       (3,695,806)

            Total comprehensive income                                                      4,103,673          649,960

            Dividend received from Xinyi Solar                                                362,975          413,386




118   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
         method: (Continued)

         Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Solar presented to the carrying amount of interest in an
         associate:

                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

         Opening net assets                                                                  35,231,377        35,897,421
         Total comprehensive income for the year                                              4,103,673            649,960
         Transactions with owners                                                             (1,476,643)       (1,316,004)

         Closing net assets                                                                  37,858,407        35,231,377
         Less: non-controlling interests                                                      (5,883,832)       (5,482,965)

         Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Solar                            31,974,575        29,748,412

         The Group’s ownership interest                                                          23.40%            23.23%
                                                                                              7,482,051          6,910,556
         Goodwill                                                                             1,370,755          1,326,374
         Intangible assets and other assets and liabilities                                       24,945            24,945

         Carrying amount                                                                      8,877,751          8,261,875




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
            method:


            Summarised consolidated balance sheet
                                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000

            Current
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                          645,009        1,790,767
            Other current assets (excluding cash)                                            4,325,446        3,408,953

            Total current assets                                                             4,970,455        5,199,720
            Current liabilities                                                             (4,173,470)       (5,098,594)
            Non-current
            Assets                                                                          16,163,108       14,740,160
            Liabilities                                                                     (3,652,775)       (3,079,134)

            Net assets                                                                      13,307,318       11,762,152



            Summarised consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                                  2023             2022
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000

            Revenue                                                                          2,517,374        2,315,275
            Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (667,094)         (599,406)
            Interest income                                                                      6,712             1,594
            Interest expense                                                                  (361,728)         (270,343)

            Profit before income tax                                                         1,298,128        1,272,222
            Income tax expense                                                                (303,427)         (298,251)

            Post-tax profit from operations                                                    994,701          973,971
            Other comprehensive loss                                                          (327,797)       (1,696,509)

            Total comprehensive income/(loss)                                                  666,904          (722,538)

            Dividend received from Xinyi Energy                                                 48,642           76,243




120   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
         method: (Continued)

         Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Energy presented to the carrying amount of interest in
         an associate:

                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

         Opening net assets                                                                  11,762,152        12,600,357
         Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                         666,904           (722,538)
         Transactions with owners                                                               878,262           (115,667)

         Closing net assets                                                                  13,307,318        11,762,152
         Less: non-controlling interests                                                         (10,512)            (9,092)

         Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Energy                           13,296,806        11,753,060

         The Group’s ownership interest                                                           5.46%             6.05%
                                                                                                726,006            711,060
         Goodwill                                                                               170,847            198,926

         Carrying amount                                                                        896,853            909,986


         The information above reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the associates adjusted for
         differences in accounting policies between the Group and the associates, if any.


   INDIVIDUALLY IMMATERIAL ASSOCIATES
   In addition to the interests in the material associates disclosed above, the Group also has interests in five (2022: four)
   individually immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                    2023              2022
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

   Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates                              172,414            177,473
   Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
   (Loss)/profit from continuing operations                                                         (979)            2,498

   Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                              (3,087)                376




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


14 INVENTORIES

                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000

      Raw materials                                                                                1,337,975          1,302,649
      Work in progress                                                                               217,032            283,825
      Finished goods                                                                               2,252,932          2,710,181

                                                                                                   3,807,939          4,296,655



      (I)    Assigning costs to inventories
             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
             method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct
             costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). Costs of purchased inventory are
             determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
             course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


      (II)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss
             The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to approximately
             HK$14,052,311,000 (2022: HK$13,006,644,000) (Note 22).


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                        2023                  2022
                                                                                                    HK$’000            HK$’000

      Trade receivables (Note (a))                                                                 1,782,172          1,966,830
      Less: provision for loss allowance (Note (b))                                                   (59,852)          (62,087)

                                                                                                   1,722,320          1,904,743
      Bills receivables (Note (c))                                                                 1,636,068            743,952

      Trade and bills receivables - net                                                            3,358,388          2,648,695
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables (Note (f))                                       4,840,360          2,838,293

                                                                                                   8,198,748          5,486,988
      Less: non-current portion
      Prepayments for property, plant and equipment, land use right and intangible assets           (931,214)          (920,655)

      Current portion                                                                              7,267,534          4,566,333




122   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Notes:

   (a)      The credit period granted by the Group to its customers is generally from 30 to 90 days. At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the
            ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                                    2023        2022
                                                                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000

            0 - 90 days                                                                                     1,448,949       1,445,061
            91 - 180 days                                                                                        204,817     348,919
            181 - 365 days                                                                                        59,104       97,583
            1 - 2 years                                                                                           38,280       60,488
            Over 2 years                                                                                          31,022       14,779

                                                                                                            1,782,172       1,966,830


            The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on due date was as follows:

                                                                                                                    2023        2022
                                                                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000

            Current                                                                                         1,553,782       1,642,018
            0 - 90 days                                                                                          159,211     248,384
            91 - 180 days                                                                                         15,653       24,134
            181 - 365 days                                                                                        13,449       17,663
            1 - 2 years                                                                                           26,897       26,960
            Over 2 years                                                                                          13,180        7,671

                                                                                                            1,782,172       1,966,830


            The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                    2023        2022
                                                                                                                 HK$’000     HK$’000

            RMB                                                                                                  812,349     943,839
            USD                                                                                                  861,881     905,432
            HK$                                                                                                    3,015        5,184
            Other currencies                                                                                     104,927     112,375

                                                                                                            1,782,172       1,966,830




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (a)   (Continued)
            (I)   Classification as trade receivables
                  Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade
                  and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are
                  classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

                  Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless they contain
                  significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the
                  objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the
                  effective interest method. Details about the Group’s impairment policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are
                  provided in note 3.1(b).

      (b)   Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of trade receivables was as follows:

                                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

            At 1 January                                                                                         62,087               62,523
            Currency translation differences                                                                       (574)              (3,031)
            Increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net                                    4,165                6,090
            Receivables written off during the year                                                              (5,826)              (3,495)

            At 31 December                                                                                       59,852               62,087


            (I)   Impairment and risk exposure
                  The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables has been included in “Net impairment loss on financial assets” in the
                  consolidated income statement. The amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written off when there is no
                  expectation of recovering additional cash.

                  The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure provision for loss allowance which uses a lifetime expected loss
                  allowance for all trade receivables.

                  Information about the impairment of trade receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk and foreign currency risk can
                  be found in note 3.1.

                  The top five customers and the largest customer accounted for approximately 16.6% (2022: 19.7%) and 6.3% (2022: 8.3%)
                  of the trade and bills receivables balance as at 31 December 2023, respectively. Other than these major customers, there is
                  no concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables as the Group has a large number of customers.

                  The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.




124   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (c)      All bills receivables are issued by licensed banks in the PRC with maturities within 12 months (2022: 12 months).

   (d)      The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

   (e)      The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivable mentioned above. The
            Group does not hold any collateral as security.

   (f)      Nature of other receivables is as below:

                                                                                                                    2023               2022
                                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

            Prepayments for property, plant and equipment, land use right and intangible assets                  931,214            920,655
            Prepayment for inventories                                                                           764,432            531,982
            Prepaid expenses                                                                                     159,170            172,764
            Deposits                                                                                                 239              2,891
            Tax recoverable (Note (i))                                                                           772,617            262,636
            Amount due from an associate (Note 32(B))                                                          1,551,724            295,370
            Others                                                                                               660,964            651,995

                                                                                                               4,840,360          2,838,293


            Note:

            (i)      Tax recoverable mainly represents value added tax (“VAT”) recoverable, which is creditable input VAT on purchase of
                     property, plant and equipment offset against output VAT on sales of glass product. The balance is denominated in RMB.


16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                   2023               2022
                                                                                                               HK$’000            HK$’000

   Total cash at bank and on hand                                                                            1,990,800           3,180,155

   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 1,990,800           3,180,155
   Fixed bank deposits
         – Short-term (Note (a))                                                                                356,555                      —
         – Long-term (Note (a))                                                                                 932,529          4,845,730


   Pledged bank deposits (Note (b))                                                                             146,750            141,388

   Total cash and bank balances                                                                              3,426,634           8,167,273




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED            125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      The Group placed fixed bank deposits with major licensed banks in the PRC, with fixed maturities and fixed interest rates. The
               effective interest rate on fixed bank deposits was 3.7% (2022: 3.4%) per annum. Fixed bank deposits have an average maturity of
               2.0 years (2022: 2.3 years).

      (b)      Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged as collateral principally as security for import duties payable to the US Customs.

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances and bank deposits are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                                                                                                      2023                 2022
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000

      RMB                                                                                                       2,781,581            7,255,120
      USD                                                                                                          455,879              623,987
      Malaysia ringgit (“MYR”)                                                                                      48,252               39,302
      HK$                                                                                                           46,380              137,715
      Other currencies                                                                                              94,542              111,149

                                                                                                                3,426,634            8,167,273


      RMB and MYR are currently not freely convertible currencies in international market. The conversion of RMB and MYR into
      foreign currencies and remittance of RMB out of the PRC and MYR out of Malaysia, respectively, are subject to the rules
      and regulations of the foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government and Malaysian government.

      Cash and cash equivalents include the following for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows:

                                                                                                                      2023                 2022
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000

      Total cash and bank balances                                                                              3,426,634            8,167,273
      Less:
            – Long-term fixed bank deposits                                                                       (932,529)          (4,845,730)
            – Short-term fixed bank deposits                                                                      (356,555)                    —
            – Pledged bank deposits                                                                               (146,750)            (141,388)

                                                                                                                1,990,800            3,180,155




126   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM

                                                                        Ordinary
                                                  Number of             shares of            Share
                                        Note          shares         HK$0.1 each          premium              Total
                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

   At 1 January 2022                           4,018,657,047             401,866                —           401,866

   Issue of shares under an employees
     share option scheme                 (A)     21,343,500                2,134          262,309           264,443
   Scrip Dividend                        (B)     69,102,480                6,910         1,020,644         1,027,554

   At 31 December 2022                         4,109,103,027             410,910         1,282,953         1,693,863



                                                                        Ordinary
                                                 Number of             shares of             Share
                                        Note          shares        HK$0.1 each          premium               Total
                                                                       HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

   At 1 January 2023                           4,109,103,027             410,910         1,282,953         1,693,863

   Issue of shares under an employees
     share option scheme                 (A)     18,226,400                1,823          198,727           200,550
   Scrip Dividend                        (B)     95,216,245                9,522         1,047,229         1,056,751

   At 31 December 2023                         4,222,545,672             422,255         2,528,909         2,951,164




                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS
           In 2005, the Company adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”). Under the Share Option Scheme,
           the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant options to any employee of the Group to subscribe
           for shares of the Company at the highest of (i) the closing price of shares of the Company as stated in the daily
           quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the day of the offer of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of
           the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding
           the day of the offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of shares. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable
           on acceptance of the grant of an option. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all
           outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option
           scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the relevant shares or securities of the Company in
           issue from time to time.

           The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
           Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue
           upon completion of the placing and the capitalisation issue of the shares of the Company, unless the Company
           obtains further approval from the shareholders.

           In March 2019, 33,900,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$9.53 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2023, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2019, 15,588,100 (2022: 11,866,000) options were exercised, nil (2022: 4,697,000) options were lapsed and
           34,000 (2022: 56,000) options were expired.

           In March 2020, 32,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$8.82 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2023, in relation to the batch granted
           in March 2020, 2,638,300 (2022: nil) options were exercised, a total of 1,538,366 (2022: 897,000) options were
           lapsed.

           In March 2021, 34,700,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$23.35 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2023, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2021, a total of 1,509,512 (2022: 1,095,000) options were lapsed.

           In March 2022, 35,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$21.80 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2023, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2022, a total of 1,196,172 (2022: 3,258,300) options were lapsed.


128   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
       In March 2023, 35,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
       Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$15.52 per share. Options are conditional
       on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
       and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2023, in relation to the batch granted in
       March 2023, a total of 2,946,500 options were lapsed.

       Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as
       follows:

                                                                  2023                                  2022
                                                          Average                                Average
                                                          exercise                               exercise
                                                      price in HK$             Options       price in HK$          Options
                                                         per share         (thousands)          per share       (thousands)

       At 1 January                                          16.88             107,842             13.74           104,189
       Granted                                               15.52              35,000             21.80            35,000
       Exercised                                               9.43            (18,226)            10.51           (21,344)
       Lapsed                                                16.78              (7,191)            15.01            (9,947)
       Expired                                                 9.53                 (34)           11.74                  (56)

       At 31 December                                        17.64             117,391             16.88           107,842


       Out of the 117,391,000 (2022: 107,842,000) outstanding options, 25,621,000 (2022: 15,622,100) option was
       exercisable as at 31 December 2023. Options exercised in 2023 resulted in 18,226,000 shares (2022: 21,344,000
       shares) being issued at a weighted average price at the time of exercise of HK$9.43 each (2022: HK$10.51 each).
       The weighted average market price at the time of exercise is HK$14.69 each (2022: HK$19.26 each).

       Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                               Exercise
                                                                          price in HK$
                                                                             per share          Options (thousands)
                                                                                                    2023              2022

       Expiry date
       31 March 2023                                                               9.53                —            15,622
       31 March 2024                                                               8.82           25,621            29,798
       31 March 2025                                                             23.35            29,171            30,680
       31 March 2026                                                             21.80            30,546            31,742
       31 March 2027                                                             15.52            32,053                  —

                                                                                                 117,391           107,842

                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
           model, which was performed by an independent valuer, Greater China Appraisal Limited, was approximately
           HK$4.13 (2022: HK$4.40) per option. The significant inputs into the model were weighted average share price of
           HK$15.52 (2022: HK$21.8) at the grant date, the exercise price shown above, volatility of 45.12% (2022: 42.92%),
           dividend yield of 4.13% (2022: 6.51%), an expected option life of 3.6 years (2022: 3.6 years), and an annual
           risk-free interest rate of 3.96% (2022: 1.04%) per annum. The volatility measured at the standard deviation of
           continuously compounded share returns is based on statistical analysis of daily share prices over the last year.

           Based on the above, the fair value of the above options granted during the year determined using the Black-
           Scholes valuation model was approximately HK$144,501,000 (2022: HK$154,016,000). The attributable amounts
           charged to the consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2023 was HK$102,658,000 (2022:
           HK$84,481,000) (Note 23).


      (B) SCRIP DIVIDEND
           On 26 August 2022, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 40.0 HK cents per share for the six
           months ended 30 June 2022. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the interim dividend in form
           of scrip dividend. On 29 September 2022, 69,102,480 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$14.87 per share to
           shareholders who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

           On 5 July 2023, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 22.0 HK cents per share for the year ended
           31 December 2022. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the final dividend in form of scrip
           dividend. On 4 August 2023, 37,173,254 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$11.58 per share to shareholders
           who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

           On 9 August 2023, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 26.0 HK cents per share for the six
           months ended 30 June 2023. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the interim dividend in form
           of scrip dividend. On 10 October 2023, 58,042,991 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$10.79 per share to
           shareholders who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.




130   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
18 RESERVES
                                                                                                               Other reserves
                                                                           Foreign
                                              Statutory    Enterprise     currency                    Share       Property       Capital
                                                reserve    expansion translation         Capital     option revaluation redemption            FVOCI                  Retained
                                                  fund          fund        reserve      reserve     reserve       reserve       reserve    reserve     Sub-total    earnings        Total
                                               HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000
                                              (Note (a))    (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                          (Note (c))

   At 1 January 2023                          3,601,853       46,867     (2,580,175)    405,241     150,450         37,227       26,014     (10,455)    1,677,022 28,601,785 30,278,807
   Profit for the year                               —             —             —            —          —              —            —            —           —     5,365,114    5,365,114
   Change in fair value of financial assets
     at FVOCI (Note 11)                              —             —             —            —          —              —            —      (27,441)     (27,441)          —       (27,441)
   Dilution of interest in an associate              —             —         3,924            —          —              —            —            —        3,924           —         3,924
   Currency translation differences                  —             —      (805,865)           —          —              —            —            —     (805,865)          —      (805,865)
   Share of other comprehensive loss of
     investments accounted for using
     the equity method (Note 13)                     —             —      (124,889)           —          —              —            —            —     (124,889)          —      (124,889)
   Revaluation gains on investment
     properties transferred from property,
     plant and equipment and right-of-use
     assets, net of tax                              —             —             —            —          —          26,875           —            —       26,875           —        26,875
   Employees share option scheme:
     – proceeds from shares issued                   —             —             —            —     (29,138)            —            —            —      (29,138)          —       (29,138)
     – value of employee services
         (Note 17(A))                                —             —             —            —     102,658             —            —            —      102,658           —       102,658
     – adjustment relating to forfeiture of
          share options                              —             —             —            —         (57)            —            —            —          (57)          57           —
   Transfer to reserves                        526,359             —             —            —          —              —            —            —      526,359     (526,359)          —
   Dividends relating to 2022                        —             —             —            —          —              —            —            —           —      (907,734)    (907,734)
   Dividends relating to 2023                        —             —             —            —          —              —            —            —           —     (1,082,672) (1,082,672)

   At 31 December 2023                        4,128,212       46,867     (3,507,005)    405,241     223,913         64,102       26,014     (37,896)    1,349,448 31,450,191 32,799,639




                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                             131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18 RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                 Other reserves
                                                                              Foreign
                                                  Statutory   Enterprise     currency                   Share       Property         Capital
                                                    reserve   expansion    translation     Capital     option     revaluation     redemption      FVOCI                    Retained
                                                      fund         fund       reserve      reserve     reserve        reserve        reserve     reserve     Sub-total      earnings        Total
                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000
                                                 (Note (a))   (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                            (Note (c))

      At 1 January 2022                          3,278,003      46,867     1,830,492      405,241     106,519        37,227          26,014     (12,621)    5,717,742 28,479,039 34,196,781
      Profit for the year                               —            —             —            —          —              —              —            —             —     5,127,154    5,127,154
      Change in fair value of financial assets
        at FVOCI (Note 11)                              —            —             —            —          —              —              —        2,166         2,166            —         2,166
      Dilution of interest in an associate              —            —           (783)          —          —              —              —            —           (783)          —           (783)
      Currency translation differences                  —            —     (3,638,468)          —          —              —              —            —     (3,638,468)          —     (3,638,468)
      Share of other comprehensive loss of
        investments accounted for using
        the equity method (Note 13)                     —            —      (771,416)           —          —              —              —            —      (771,416)           —      (771,416)
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                   —            —             —            —     (40,439)            —              —            —        (40,439)          —        (40,439)
        – value of employee services
            (Note 17(A))                                —            —             —            —      84,481             —              —            —        84,481            —        84,481
        – adjustment relating to forfeiture of
             share options                              —            —             —            —        (111)            —              —            —           (111)         111            —
      Transfer to reserves                        323,850            —             —            —          —              —              —            —       323,850      (323,850)           —
      Dividends relating to 2021                        —            —             —            —          —              —              —            —             —     (3,066,274) (3,066,274)
      Dividends relating to 2022                        —            —             —            —          —              —              —            —             —     (1,614,395) (1,614,395)

      At 31 December 2022                        3,601,853      46,867     (2,580,175)    405,241     150,450        37,227          26,014     (10,455)    1,677,022 28,601,785 30,278,807




132   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
18 RESERVES (Continued)
    Notes:

    (a)      The statutory reserve fund and enterprise expansion fund are provided for in accordance with laws in the PRC and regulations by
             certain subsidiaries which are the wholly owned foreign enterprises incorporated in the PRC. These funds are appropriated from net
             profit as recorded in the PRC statutory accounts of the respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserve fund can only be used, upon
             approval by the relevant authority, to make good of previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of these group companies. The
             enterprise expansion fund can only be used to increase capital of the group companies or to expand their production operations
             upon approval by the relevant authority.

             During the year ended 31 December 2023, the boards of directors of the subsidiaries resolved to appropriate approximately
             HK$526,359,000 (2022: HK$323,850,000) from retained earnings to statutory reserve fund. No enterprise expansion fund was
             appropriated during the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.

    (b)      The opening balance of capital reserve of the Group comprises the followings 1) the difference between the nominal value of the
             share capital of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to a reorganisation occurred in 2004 and the nominal value of the share capital
             of the Company issued in exchange thereof, and 2) the share of gain in Xinyi Solar resulting from the spin-off and initial public
             offering of Xinyi Energy in 2019.

    (c)      Financial assets at FVOCI
             The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive
             income. These changes are accumulated under the FVOCI reserve within equity. For equity securities elected to present changes
             in FVOCI, the Group will never transfer amounts from this reserve to retained earnings when the relevant equity securities are
             derecognised.


19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                   2023                 2022
                                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

    Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                                1,561,526            1,594,545
    Bills payable (Note (b))                                                                                    464,555           1,128,323

                                                                                                             2,026,081            2,722,868
    Other payables (Note (c))                                                                                2,382,277            2,100,276
    Contract liabilities (Note (d))                                                                             613,880             624,717
    Less: non-current portion
    Other payables                                                                                             (142,730)             (51,255)

    Current portion                                                                                          4,879,508            5,396,606


    Trade payables are unsecured and are usually paid within 30-90 days of recognition.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000

               0 - 90 days                                                                                       1,385,362       1,389,149
               91-180 days                                                                                         46,714              54,553
               181-365 days                                                                                        52,209              42,377
               1-2 years                                                                                           24,796              76,559
               Over 2 years                                                                                        52,445              31,907

                                                                                                                 1,561,526       1,594,545


               The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000

               RMB                                                                                               1,381,379       1,430,314
               MYR                                                                                                128,910          122,871
               USD                                                                                                 33,548              39,848
               Indonesia Rupiah (“IRD”)                                                                            16,263                  —
               Other currencies                                                                                     1,426               1,512

                                                                                                                 1,561,526       1,594,545


      (b)      Bills payable have maturities ranging within 12 months (2022: 12 months).




134   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (c)   Nature of other payables is as follows:

                                                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000

         Payables for investment properties                                                                   20,325           23,673
         Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                          313,896          337,186
         Payables for employee benefits and welfare                                                          515,103          406,877
         Payables for value-added tax                                                                        317,329          191,395
         Payables for utilities                                                                               43,865           75,992
         Payables for transportation charges                                                                 627,078          599,500
         Payables for commission                                                                              60,135           40,506
         Others                                                                                              484,546          425,147

                                                                                                            2,382,277       2,100,276


   (d)   The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually received
         in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from sales of glass products.

         The following table shows the amount of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to contract liabilities
         balance at the beginning of the year.

                                                                                                                2023             2022
                                                                                                             HK$’000         HK$’000

         Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
           at the beginning of the year                                                                      624,717          653,811




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


20 BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

      Non-current
        Long-term bank borrowings                                                               5,136,272        13,136,320
        Less: Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                     (2,216,149)       (5,415,076)

                                                                                                2,920,123         7,721,244

      Shown as non-current liabilities                                                          2,920,123         7,721,244

      Current
        Short-term bank borrowings                                                              3,037,758           379,360
        Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                            2,216,149         5,415,076

      Shown as current liabilities                                                              5,253,907         5,794,436


      Total bank borrowings                                                                     8,174,030        13,515,680


      At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group’s bank borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

      Within 1 year                                                                             5,253,907         5,794,436
      Between 1 and 2 years                                                                     2,432,528         5,827,106
      Between 2 and 5 years                                                                       487,595         1,894,138

                                                                                                8,174,030        13,515,680


      These bank borrowings are repayable by installments up to 2026 (2022: 2025) and the carrying amounts of bank
      borrowings approximate their fair values as at 31 December 2023 and 2022. The fair values are categorised within level 2
      of the fair value hierarchy.

      The Group complied with the financial bank covenants of its bank loans during both periods presented.




136   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
20 BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)

   At 31 December 2023 and 2022, the carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in the following
   currencies:

                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000

   RMB                                                                                   4,456,618           279,361
   HKD                                                                                   3,192,842       12,344,132
   USD                                                                                     524,570           892,187

                                                                                         8,174,030       13,515,680


   The effective interest rate is as follows:

                                                                                              2023              2022

   Bank borrowings                                                                          4.92%             2.20%


   The bank borrowings were guaranteed by corporate guarantee provided by the Company and cross guarantees provided
   by certain subsidiaries of the Group.


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX

   The analysis of deferred income tax is as follows:


   DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS:
                                                                                              2023              2022
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000

   Deferred income tax assets                                                                4,416                  —




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

      DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS: (Continued)
      The gross movements on the deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                                   Government
                                                                                                grants relating
                                                                  Capital                        to purchase of
                                                               allowance           Tax losses   land use rights                Total
                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

      At 1 January 2022                                           110,802                  —                   —            110,802
      Currency translation differences                              1,255                  —                   —               1,255
      Charged to the consolidated income
        statement (Note 27)                                      (112,057)                 —                   —           (112,057)

      At 31 December 2022                                               —                  —                   —                    —
      Currency translation differences                                  —                  —                    7                   7
      Credited to the consolidated income
        statement (Note 27)                                             —                 267              4,142               4,409

      At 31 December 2023                                               —                 267              4,149               4,416


      The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets of approximately HK$86,982,000 (2022: HK$76,335,000) in
      respect of losses amounting to approximately HK$311,533,000 (2022: HK$309,281,000) that can be carried forward
      against future taxable income. Capital allowance mainly represents the investment tax allowance entitled by the Group’s
      subsidiary in Malaysia on its qualifying capital expenditure incurred, which can be utilised against its assessable profit.

      The time frame of tax losses expiration is as follows:

                                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000

      Expiring in 2023                                                                                         —             58,636
      Expiring in 2024                                                                                    57,619             61,608
      Expiring in 2025                                                                                    60,588             61,711
      Expiring in 2026                                                                                    53,059             54,044
      Expiring in 2027                                                                                    60,569             61,692
      Expiring in 2028                                                                                    67,228                    —
      No expire date                                                                                      12,470             11,590

                                                                                                        311,533             309,281




138   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

   DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES:
                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

   Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                526,302           468,078


   The gross movements on the deferred income tax liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                     2023              2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

   Beginning of the year                                                                          468,078           454,475
   Currency translation differences                                                                (5,992)          (18,554)
   Charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                                          55,258            32,157
   Charged to other comprehensive income                                                            8,958                  —

   End of the year                                                                                526,302           468,078


                                                        Accelerated                        Undistributed
                                                                 tax                Fair        profits of
                                                       depreciation         value gains       subsidiaries            Total
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000

   At 1 January 2022                                             412            270,599           183,464           454,475
   Charged/(credited) to the consolidated
     income statement (Note 27)                              43,609             (11,452)                —            32,157
   Currency translation differences                            1,164            (19,718)                —           (18,554)

   At 31 December 2022                                       45,185             239,429           183,464           468,078
   Charged/(credited) to the consolidated
     income statement (Note 27)                              63,221              (7,963)                —            55,258
   Charged to other comprehensive income                          —               8,958                 —             8,958
   Currency translation differences                           (2,429)            (3,563)                —            (5,992)

   At 31 December 2023                                      105,977             236,861           183,464           526,302




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

      DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES: (Continued)
      As at 31 December 2023, investment properties located in the PRC amounted to HK$1,478,206,000 (2022:
      HK$1,424,945,000) are held by certain subsidiaries with a business model to consume substantially all of the economic
      benefits embodied in the investment properties over time, rather than through sale. The investment property located in
      Hong Kong amounted to HK$62,280,000 (2022: HK$65,840,000) are held by certain subsidiaries and expected to be
      recovered entirely through sale. The Group has measured the deferred tax relating to the temporary differences of these
      investment properties using the tax rates and the tax bases that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of
      these investment properties (Note 7).

      Deferred income tax liabilities of approximately HK$1,586,900,000 (2022: HK$1,384,505,000) have not been recognised
      for withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries in the
      PRC. Such temporary differences are not expected to be reversed in the foreseeable future. At 31 December 2023, total
      unremitted earnings for which deferred withholding tax liability has not been recognised amounted to approximately
      HK$31,738,007,000 (2022: HK$27,690,092,000).




140   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
22 EXPENSES BY NATURE

   Expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses are
   analysed as follows:

                                                                                                           2023           2022
                                                                                                       HK$’000         HK$’000

   Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                                               1,378,926       1,355,835
   Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 6)                                                  129,432        136,557
   Amortisation charge of intangible assets (Note 8)                                                       3,564          2,729
   Employee benefit expenses (Note 23)                                                                2,291,079       2,092,767
   Cost of inventories (Note 14)                                                                    14,052,311       13,006,644
   Transportation costs                                                                                 731,643       1,177,915
   Advertising costs                                                                                       7,981          4,714
   Auditor’s remuneration
     – Audit services                                                                                      3,625          3,453
     – Non-statutory audit services                                                                        1,744          1,705
   Research and development expenses                                                                    725,250        886,966
   Other expenses (Note)                                                                              2,434,721       2,588,774

   Total cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and
     other operating expenses                                                                       21,760,276       21,258,059


   Note:

   Other expenses mainly comprise custom duty expenses, other tax charges, insurance expenses and sundry expenses.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


23 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

      Wages and salaries                                                                        2,008,568          1,854,233
      Share options granted to employees (Note 17(A))                                             102,658             84,481
      Pension costs - defined contribution plans                                                  179,853            154,053

                                                                                                2,291,079          2,092,767



      (A) FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
           The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include four (2022: four) directors
           whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 34. The emoluments payable to the remaining one
           individual (2022: one individual) during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                     2023               2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

           Basic salaries and allowances                                                             1,578             1,228
           Discretionary and performance bonus                                                       5,314             7,331
           Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                   22                20
           Share options granted                                                                       663               478

                                                                                                     7,577             9,057




142   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
24 OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                                       2023            2022
                                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

   Rental income (Note 7)                                                                                            73,693           62,406
   Government grants (Note (a))                                                                                    349,095           229,584
   Insurance compensation income                                                                                      6,928            2,354
   Income from sale of electricity (Note (b))                                                                      103,342           103,553
   Income from sale of automatic machines (Note (c))                                                                 60,193            6,404
   Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note (d))                                                        2,393          202,761
   Others                                                                                                            70,177           56,339

                                                                                                                   665,821           663,401


   Notes:

   (a)      Government grants mainly represent grants obtained from the PRC government in relation to the refund of value-added tax,
            income tax, land use tax and other operating costs of certain PRC subsidiaries.

            Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period necessary
            to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

            Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as deferred
            income and they are credited to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.

   (b)      It represents income from sale of electricity generated from its wind power and solar power plants.

   (c)      It represents the income from sale of automatic machines for solar glass factory and other related industry.

   (d)      It represents the realised income arising from certain financial products (“Financial Products”), which were issued by reputable
            commercial banks in the PRC that were not principal guaranteed nor with pre-determined or guaranteed return. As at 31
            December 2023, the Group had HK$17,890,000 (2022: HK$703,958,000) Financial Products not redeemed or matured. The Group
            had totally recovered the principal and received the expected returns for those Financial Products that were redeemed or matured
            during the year.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


25 OTHER (LOSSES)/GAINS - NET

                                                                               2023       2022
                                                                            HK$’000     HK$’000

      Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 30(b))       (84,142)   (53,601)
      Unrealised fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)     12,487        657
      Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                     —      49,785
      Fair value losses on investment properties, net (Note 7)               (32,246)   (53,729)
      Other foreign exchange gains, net                                      52,561     226,529
      (Losses)/gains on dilution of investments in an associate (Note 13)     (5,773)    21,966
      Others                                                                    570       1,017

                                                                             (56,543)   192,624



26 FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS

                                                                               2023       2022
                                                                            HK$’000     HK$’000

      Finance income:
      Interest income on bank deposits                                      196,997     110,850

                                                                            196,997     110,850

      Finance costs:
      Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6)                                   1,432      2,179
      Interest expense on bank borrowings                                   606,440     403,763
      Less: interest expense capitalised on qualifying assets (Note 6)      (104,465)   (34,402)

                                                                            503,407     371,540




144   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                                    2023                 2022
                                                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000

   Current income tax
         – Hong Kong profits tax (Note (a))                                                                       54,947               57,774
         – PRC corporate income tax (Note (b))                                                                  737,068              564,934
         – Overseas income tax (Note (c))                                                                          1,952               23,438
         – Over provision in prior years                                                                         (56,564)              (4,734)
         – Withholding tax on remitted earnings (Note (d))                                                      177,391                70,136

                                                                                                                914,794              711,548
   Deferred income tax (Note 21)
         – (Increase)/decrease in deferred income tax assets                                                      (4,409)            112,057
         – Increase in deferred income tax liabilities                                                            55,258               32,157

                                                                                                                  50,849             144,214

                                                                                                                965,643              855,762


   Notes:

   (a)      Hong Kong profits tax

            Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year.

   (b)      PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)

            CIT is provided on the estimated taxable profits of the subsidiaries established in the PRC for the year, calculated in accordance
            with the relevant tax rules and regulations.

            The applicable CIT rates in the PRC is 25% (2022: 25%). Sixteen (2022: Fifteen) major subsidiaries in Chongqing, Deyang,
            Dongguan, Guangxi, Jiangmen, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Wuhu, Yingkou and Zhangjiagang enjoy high-tech enterprise income tax benefit
            and are entitled to a preferential tax treatment of reduction in the CIT rate to 15% (2022: 15%).

   (c)      Overseas income tax

            Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing
            in the countries in which the Group operates. Oversea income tax mainly represents Malaysia income tax which has been calculated
            on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the standard Malaysia corporate income tax rate of 24% (2022: 24%).

   (d)      Withholding tax on remitted earnings

            Withholding tax on remitted earnings from the PRC companies is 5%.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED            145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

      The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted
      average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:

                                                                                                       2023               2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

      Profit before income tax                                                                    6,344,348          5,999,966
      Associates’ results reported                                                               (1,007,401)          (922,790)

                                                                                                  5,336,947          5,077,176

      Calculated at weighted average tax rate of 25.5% (2022: 25.1%)                              1,358,809          1,275,046
      Preferential tax rates on income of certain PRC and overseas subsidiaries                    (559,735)          (534,096)
      Over provision in prior years                                                                  (56,564)           (4,734)
      Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                               14,200             75,305
      Income not subject to tax                                                                       (4,974)          (52,305)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                       36,516             26,410
      Tax effect of withholding tax on the distributable profits
        of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries                                                             177,391             70,136

      Income tax expense                                                                            965,643            855,762



28 EARNINGS PER SHARE

      BASIC:
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted
      average number of ordinary shares in issue after taking into account the effect of the issuance of new shares and share
      repurchased and cancellation stated in Note 17(A), (B) during 2023 and 2022.

                                                                                                       2023               2022

      Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                              5,365,114          5,127,154

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                             4,152,115          4,049,255

      Basic earnings per share (HK cents)                                                            129.21             126.62




146   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
28 EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

   DILUTED:
   Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
   assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The dilutive potential ordinary shares of the Company are share
   options. The calculation for share options is determined by the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair
   value (determined as the average annual market share price of the Company’s shares) based on the monetary value of the
   subscription rights attached to the outstanding share options. The number of shares calculated as above is compared with
   the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options.

                                                                                                     2023               2022

   Earnings
   Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                               5,365,114         5,127,154
   Share of profit of an associate as a result of
     diluted earnings at associate level (HK$’000)                                                    (215)           (1,610)

   Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share (HK$’000)                                5,364,899         5,125,544

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,152,115         4,049,255
   Adjustments for:
   Share options (thousands)                                                                        8,188             23,833

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
     for diluted earnings per share (thousands)                                                 4,160,303         4,073,088

   Diluted earnings per share (HK cents)                                                           128.95             125.84




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


29 DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                                     2023                 2022
                                                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000

      Interim dividend of HK$0.26 (2022: HK$0.40) per share (Note (a))                                         1,082,672            1,614,395
      Proposed final dividend of HK$0.37 (2022: final dividend of HK$0.22)
            per share (Note (b))                                                                               1,562,342              907,734

                                                                                                               2,645,014            2,522,129


      Notes:

      (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2023, an interim dividend of HK$0.26 per share (2022: HK$0.40 per share) was partially paid
               in cash and partially settled by the issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend for 2023 interim dividend whose names appeared
               on the Register of Members of the Company on 17 August 2023. Shares issued during the year on the shareholders’ election to
               receive shares are set out in Note 17.

      (b)      A final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2023 of HK$0.37 per share (2022: HK$0.22 per share),
               amounting to a total dividend of HK$1,562,342,000 (2022: HK$907,734,000), is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual
               General Meeting. The amount of 2023 proposed final dividend is based on 4,222,545,672 shares in issue as at 31 January 2024
               (2022: 4,126,063,327 shares in issue as at 6 June 2023). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this proposed
               dividend payable.




148   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

   (a)   Reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                   Note                2023              2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

         Profit before income tax                                                                 6,344,348         5,999,966
         Adjustments for:
           – Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                    22           1,378,926         1,355,835
           – Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                     25              84,142            53,601
           – Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                              22             129,432           136,557
           – Fair value losses on investment properties, net                         25              32,246            53,729
           – Amortisation charge of intangible assets                                22               3,564             2,729
           – Share of profits of associates                                          13          (1,007,401)         (922,790)
           – Losses/(gains) on dilution of investments in an associate               25               5,773           (21,966)
           – Interest income                                                         26            (196,997)         (110,850)
           – Interest expense                                                        26             503,407           371,540
           – Share options granted to employees                                      23             102,658            84,481
           – Unrealised fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                25             (12,487)             (657)
           – Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                           25                   —           (49,785)
           – Realised income from financial products at FVTPL                        24              (2,393)         (202,761)
           – Increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net      15               4,165             6,090
         Changes in working capital:
           – Inventories                                                                            539,556          (230,219)
           – Trade and other receivables                                                         (1,297,916)          849,431
           – Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                        (445,427)        1,055,691

         Cash generated from operations                                                           6,165,596         8,430,622




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

      (b)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment comprise:

                                                                                                       2023                 2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

            Net book amount of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                               235,385                85,161
            Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 25)                           (84,142)           (53,601)

            Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 151,243                31,560


      (c)   Net debt reconciliation:

            This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                                                                                                       2023                 2022
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

            Cash and cash equivalents (Note 16)                                                   1,990,800         3,180,155
            Bank borrowings - repayable within one year (Note 20)                                (5,253,907)        (5,794,436)
            Bank borrowings - repayable after one year (Note 20)                                 (2,920,123)        (7,721,244)
            Lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                              (17,804)           (21,078)

            Net debt                                                                             (6,201,034)      (10,356,603)

            Cash and cash equivalents                                                             1,990,800         3,180,155
            Gross debt - variable interest rates                                                 (8,174,030)      (13,515,680)
            Gross debt - fixed interest rates                                                       (17,804)           (21,078)

            Net debt                                                                             (6,201,034)      (10,356,603)




150   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

   (c)   Net debt reconciliation: (Continued)

         This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                                                                   Bank             Bank
                                                              and other        and other
                                                    Cash     borrowings      borrowings
                                                and cash     due within         due after            Lease
                                           equivalents            1 year           1 year        liabilities            Total
                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000

         Net debt as at
           31 December 2021                     9,220,384     (4,602,677)    (10,890,056)          (52,380)      (6,324,729)
         Unwinding of interest
           on lease liabilities                        —              —                —            (2,179)             (2,179)
         Cash flows                          (5,228,289)      (1,232,880)      3,168,812            32,572       (3,259,785)
         Foreign exchange adjustments            (811,940)        41,121               —               909         (769,910)

         Net debt as at
           31 December 2022                     3,180,155     (5,794,436)      (7,721,244)         (21,078)    (10,356,603)

         Net debt as at
           31 December 2022                     3,180,155     (5,794,436)      (7,721,244)         (21,078)    (10,356,603)
         Unwinding of interest
           on lease liabilities                        —              —                —            (1,432)             (1,432)
         Cash flows                          (1,057,855)        580,396        4,801,121            24,620       4,348,282
         Foreign exchange adjustments            (131,500)       (39,867)              —           (19,914)        (191,281)

         Net debt as at
           31 December 2023                     1,990,800     (5,253,907)      (2,920,123)         (17,804)      (6,201,034)




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


31 COMMITMENTS

      CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognised as liabilities is as
      follows:

                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

      Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use
        assets contracted but not provided for                                                  1,557,281          1,378,231



      OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
      Investment properties are leased to tenants under long-term operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Minimum lease
      payments receivable under non-cancellable operating lease of investment properties not recognised in the consolidated
      financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                                      2023              2022
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

      Not later than 1 year                                                                         60,896            31,693
      Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                140,370            115,677
      Later than 5 years                                                                          104,524             86,975

                                                                                                  305,790            234,345



32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group was controlled by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
      Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching
      Leung which in aggregate owns 2,904,005,756 (2022: 2,541,343,266) of the Company’s shares.




152   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   The following transactions were carried out with related parties:


   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                 Note                2023              2022
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

         Purchase of goods from associates                                           i
           – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas
               Investment Company Limited                                                         340,804           325,033
           – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Co., Limited                                      xi             18,165            17,700

         Sales of goods to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                             ii             5,926             6,781

         Sales of consumable goods to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                          ii, vii             273             1,299

         Sales of goods to related parties
           – Entities controlled by a controlling party                              ii            10,713            10,847
           – Entities controlled by a controlling party                           ii, vii                1            4,674

         Sales of machineries to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                            iii           236,347           239,435

         Sales of fixed assets to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          iii, vii          1,458             1,841

         Consultancy income received from an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          iv, vii               —                  388

         Rental income received from an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                          v, vii           19,372             9,003

         Rental expenses paid to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          v, vii            4,027             1,076

         Purchase of silica sand from an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                             i             75,803            79,743

         Rental income received from a related party
           – Entities controlled by a controlling party                           v, vii              548                  310




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                              Note                  2023                2022
                                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

           Wind farm management fees paid to related parties
                  – Entities controlled by a controlling party                                   vi                 9,115              9,338

           Sales and processing income of silica sands and raw materials
                   from an associate
                  – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                ii, vii              7,282             18,007

           Purchase of electric storage products to a related party
                  – Entities controlled by a controlling party                                   ix                 5,494              6,548

           Purchase of consumables from an associate
                  – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                vii, x                 573              2,377

           Engineering, procurement and construction
                  service fees paid to an associate
                  – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                               vii, viii             4,190              1,443

           Sales of wooden packaging products to an associate
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                ii, vii              2,145                      8

           Rental expenses paid to a related party
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                v, vii                 802                 836

           Purchase of automobile glass from an entity controlled
                  by a controlling party
                  – Entities controlled by a controlling party                                vii, ix                 164                  —

           Purchase of fixed assets from an entity controlled
                  by a controlling party
                  – Entities controlled by a controlling party                                vii, ix                 274                 693


           Notes:

           (i)       The purchases of goods from associates were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (ii)      The sales of goods to associates and related parties were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (iii)     The sales of machineries and fixed assets to an associate was charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms.




154   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
       Notes: (Continued)

       (iv)     Consultancy income received from an associate was charged at mutually agreed fee.

       (v)      The leases of premises were charged at mutually agreed rental.

       (vi)     Wind farm management fees were charged at mutually agreed fees.

       (vii)    The transactions were de minimis transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business and under normal commercial
                terms.

       (viii)   Processing fees, engineering, procurement and construction service fees were charged at mutually agreed prices.

       (ix)     The purchase of machinery parts, electric storage products, automobile glass and fixed assets were charged at mutually
                agreed prices and terms.

       (x)      The purchase of consumables was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

       (xi)     The purchase was under a long-term supply contract under which the Group has an option to purchase pre-determined
                quantity of goods from the associate annually. The long-term contract has a period of 20 years. The purchase prices under
                the contract were fixed for the first 5 years and will be adjusted upward or downward by a predetermined percentage
                according to the market trend for the remaining 15 years.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                        2023       2022
                                                                                     HK$’000     HK$’000

           Prepayment to an associate
              – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                  26,330      30,171
           Receivable from an associate arising from sales of machineries and
              land parcel (Note (ii))
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                           62,995     155,756
           Receivable from related parties arising from sales of goods (Note (i))
              – Entities controlled by a controlling party                             1,801       1,718
           Advance to an associate (Note (iii))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                         1,551,724    295,370
           Advance (from)/to a related party (Note (i))
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                (1)       32
           Payable to a related party arising from processing fee
              and management fee (Note (i))
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                           15,984      12,323




156   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

       Payable to an associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                     —                 741
       Payable to an associate arising from purchase of silica sands (Note (i))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                 9,856             10,616
       Payable to associate arising from provision of EPC service (Note (i))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                   841                 478
       Payable/(prepayment) to an associate arising from
              purchase of goods (Note (i))
              – Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited                                                       1,375                (787)
       (Prepayment)/payable to related parties arising from
              purchase of goods (Note (i))
              – Entities controlled by a controlling party                                                      (1)                  1
       Loans to an associate (Note 13)
              – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Co., Ltd.                                                            27,427              27,936


       Note:

       (i)       As at 31 December 2023, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
                 approximate their fair values and are denominated in RMB.

       (ii)      As at 31 December 2023, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
                 approximate their fair values. HK$59,895,000 are denominated in RMB and HK$3,100,000 are denominated in MYR.

       (iii)     As at 31 December 2023, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
                 approximate their fair values. HK$1,262,887,000 are denominated in RMB and HK$288,837,000 are denominated in HKD.


   (C) KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COMPENSATION
                                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

       Basic salaries and allowances                                                                      18,716              18,576
       Discretionary and performance bonus                                                                98,012              93,056
       Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                             276                 237
       Share options granted                                                                                5,519               4,254

                                                                                                         122,523             116,123




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


33 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY

      Balance sheet of the Company                               Note        2023         2022
                                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000

      Assets
      Non-current assets
        Investments in subsidiaries                                       211,903      211,513
        Investment in an associate                                        473,608      473,608
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                                    3,689,383    2,154,650


                                                                         4,374,894    2,839,771

      Current assets
        Amount due from subsidiaries                                    15,851,876   15,851,876
        Prepayments and other receivables                                   3,413        5,086
        Cash and bank balances                                              1,279        2,216

                                                                        15,856,568   15,859,178


      Total assets                                                      20,231,462   18,698,949

      Equity
      Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
        Share capital                                                     422,255      410,910
        Share premium                                                    2,528,909    1,282,953
        Other reserves                                            (a)     249,927      176,464
        Retained earnings                                         (a)      28,858       80,229

      Total equity                                                       3,229,949    1,950,556




158   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
33 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

   Balance sheet of the Company                                           Note                2023              2022
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000

   Liabilities
   Current liabilities
     Other payables                                                                          1,287            12,416
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                       16,995,991        16,734,994
     Current income tax liabilities                                                          4,235                  983

                                                                                       17,001,513        16,748,393

   Total liabilities                                                                   17,001,513        16,748,393


   Total equity and liabilities                                                        20,231,462        18,698,949


   The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2024 and was signed on its
   behalf.




   LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                                  TUNG Ching Bor
   Chairman                                             Vice-chairman




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


33 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

      Note (a) Reserve movements of the Company

                                                                      Capital
                                                Share option      redemption                 Retained
                                                     reserve         reserve    Sub-total    earnings          Total
                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000

      At 1 January 2022                              106,519          26,014     132,533      788,627       921,160
      Profit for the year                                   —             —           —     3,972,160     3,972,160
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                (40,439)             —      (40,439)           —        (40,439)
        – value of employee services                  84,481              —       84,481            —        84,481
        – adjustments relating to forfeiture
             of share options                             (111)           —         (111)         111             —
      Dividend relating to 2021                             —             —           —     (3,066,274)   (3,066,274)
      Dividend relating to 2022                             —             —           —     (1,614,395)   (1,614,395)

      At 31 December 2022                            150,450          26,014     176,464       80,229       256,693

      At 1 January 2023                              150,450          26,014     176,464       80,229       256,693
      Profit for the year                                   —             —           —     1,938,978     1,938,978
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                (29,138)             —      (29,138)           —       (29,138)
        – value of employee services                 102,658              —      102,658            —       102,658
        – adjustments relating to forfeiture
             of share options                              (57)           —          (57)          57             —
      Dividend relating to 2022                             —             —           —      (907,734)     (907,734)
      Dividend relating to 2023                             —             —           —     (1,082,672)   (1,082,672)

      At 31 December 2023                            223,913          26,014     249,927       28,858       278,785




160   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
34 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS

   (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS
       The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2023 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                          Employer’s
                                                                                        contribution
                                                                       Discretionary       to benefit
       Name of directors (Note (i))             Fees          Salary           bonus          scheme            Total
                                           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

       LEE Yin Yee                              300               49          29,500               —           29,849
       TUNG Ching Bor                           300            2,440          12,643               18          15,401
       TUNG Ching Sai                           300            8,054          29,500               18          37,872
       LEE Shing Kan                            300            2,387          12,643               18          15,348
       NG Ngan Ho                               300               —                —               —                 300
       LI Ching Wai                             300               —                —               —                 300
       SZE Nang Sze                             300               —                —               —                 300
       LI Ching Leung                           300               —                —               —                 300
       YANG Siu Shun                            300               —                —               —                 300
       LAM Kwong Siu                            300               —                —               —                 300
       WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                   300               —                —               —                 300
       TRAN Chuen Wah, John                     300               —                —               —                 300




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


34 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

      (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
           The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2022 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                                                  Employer’s
                                                                                                                contribution
                                                                                            Discretionary          to benefit
           Name of directors (Note (i))                       Fees              Salary              bonus             scheme                 Total
                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000

           LEE Yin Yee                                        300                   49            28,051                    —             28,400
           TUNG Ching Bor                                     300               2,340             12,022                    17            14,679
           TUNG Ching Sai                                     300               7,790             28,051                    18            36,159
           LEE Shing Kan                                      300               2,408             12,022                    18            14,748
           NG Ngan Ho                                         300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LI Ching Wai                                       300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           SZE Nang Sze                                       300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LI Ching Leung                                     300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           YANG Siu Shun                                      300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LAM Kwong Siu                                      300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                             300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           WONG Ying Wai                                      300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           TRAN Chuen Wah, John                               300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           TAM Wai Hung, David                                300                   —                   —                   —                 300


           Notes

           (i)     During the year ended 31 December 2023, none of the directors of the Company (a) received any allowances and benefits
                   in kind; (b) received or paid emoluments in respect of their other services in connection with the management of the affairs
                   of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking, except for the director set out in Note (iv) below; and (c) received or paid any
                   remuneration in respect of accepting office (2022: same).

           (ii)    The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received from the Group by these directors in respect of their
                   services as directors and/or in their respect of their services as employees of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking (2022:
                   same).

           (iii)   No director of the Company was appointed/resigned during the year ended 31 December 2023. WONG Ying Wai and TAM
                   Wai Hung, David were retired on 2 June 2022.

           (iv)    TUNG Ching Sai is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Group and his remuneration disclosed above include those for
                   services rendered by him as the Chief Executive Officer.




162   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
34 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

   (B) DIRECTORS’ TERMINATION BENEFITS
       During the year ended 31 December 2023, none of the directors of the Company received termination benefits.
       (2022: same).


   (C) CONSIDERATION PROVIDED TO THIRD PARTIES FOR MAKING AVAILABLE DIRECTORS ’
       SERVICES
       During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company did not pay any consideration to third party for making
       available services of director (2022: same).


   (D) DIRECTORS’ LOANS, QUASI-LOANS AND OTHER DEALINGS
       There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate by and
       connected entities with such directors (2022: same).


   (E) DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
       Except for those transactions disclosed in Note 32, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
       relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the
       director’s connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or
       at any time during the year (2022: same).




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      35.1 SUBSIDIARIES
           Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
           an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
           has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
           consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
           control ceases.

           Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated.
           Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred
           asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies
           adopted by the group.

           Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated statement
           of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of financial
           position respectively.


           (a)   Business combinations
                 The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether
                 equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                 comprises the:

                 •     fair values of the assets transferred,

                 •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business,

                 •     equity interests issued by the Group,

                 •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

                 •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

                 Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
                 limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-
                 controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the
                 non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.




164   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.1 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
       (a)   Business combinations (Continued)
             Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

             The excess of the:

             •     consideration transferred,

             •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

             •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

             over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than
             the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised directly in
             profit or loss as a bargain purchase.

             Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
             discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental
             borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier
             under comparable terms and conditions.

             Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
             liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated
             income statement.

             If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
             held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses
             arising from such remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

             Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
             eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
             of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
             consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

             Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
             income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in
             equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.1 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           (b)   Changes in ownership interests
                 The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                 transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                 between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests
                 in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any
                 consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the
                 Company.

                 When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control,
                 joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the
                 change in carrying amount recognised in the consolidated income statement. This fair value becomes the
                 initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate,
                 joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
                 in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or
                 liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified
                 to the consolidated income statement or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
                 applicable HKFRSs.

                 If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is
                 retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
                 reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


           (c)   Separate financial statements
                 Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs
                 of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received
                 and receivable.

                 Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                 investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                 dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                 the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.




166   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.2 ASSOCIATES
       Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is
       generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are
       accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.

       Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter
       to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in the consolidated
       income statement, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other
       comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying
       amount of the investment.

       When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
       including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
       incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

       Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
       interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
       impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where
       necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

       Gains and losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

       If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share
       of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the consolidated income
       statement where appropriate.

       The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in an
       associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between
       the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount adjacent to “share of
       profits of associates” in the consolidated income statement.


   35.3 SEGMENT REPORTING
       Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
       decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
       performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that makes
       strategic decisions.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.4 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
           (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
                 the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
                 financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, which is the Company’s functional and the Group’s
                 presentation currency.


           (b)   Transactions and balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
                 at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and
                 losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange
                 rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated
                 income statement. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net
                 investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

                 Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated income
                 statement, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated
                 income statement on a net basis within “Other (losses)/gains - net”.

                 Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency classified as FVOCI are
                 analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other
                 changes in the carrying amount of the security. Translation differences related to changes in amortised cost
                 are recognised in the consolidated income statement, and other changes in carrying amount are recognised in
                 other comprehensive income.

                 Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
                 rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets
                 and liabilities such as equities held at FVTPL are recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of the
                 fair value gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets such as equities classified as
                 FVOCI are included in other comprehensive income.




168   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.4 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION (Continued)
       (c)   Group companies
             The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
             hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
             translated into the presentation currency as follows:

             (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of
                     that balance sheet;

             (ii)    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                     this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                     transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                     transactions); and

             (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

             On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities,
             and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are recognised
             in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net
             investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain
             or loss on sale.

             Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
             liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


   35.5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
       Freehold land is stated at historical cost less subsequent impairment losses.

       Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less
       depreciation and impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition
       of the items.

       Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
       only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
       of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
       derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement
       during the financial period in which they are incurred.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
           Construction in progress represents buildings, plants and machinery on which construction work has not been
           completed and which, upon completion, management intends to hold for production purposes. Construction in
           progress is carried at cost which includes development and construction expenditure incurred and interest and other
           direct costs attributable to the development less any accumulated impairment losses. On completion, construction in
           progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment.

           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
           greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 35.7).

           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
           recognised within “Other (losses)/gains - net” in the consolidated income statement.


      35.6 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (a)   Goodwill
                 Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the
                 amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous
                 equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired.

                 Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
                 tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
                 be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an
                 entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                 Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to
                 those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business
                 combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at
                 which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments.


           (b)   Trademark, customer relationship and patent
                 Separately acquired trademarks are shown at historical cost. Trademark, customer relationship and patent
                 acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Trademark, customer
                 relationship and patent have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and
                 impairment losses.




170   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.6 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
       (c)   Float glass production capacity
             Float glass production capacity acquired from external parties are recognised at fair value at the acquisition
             date. The management considered that the float glass production capacity has indefinite useful life because it
             is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. It has no foreseeable limit to the period over which
             the Group can use to generate net cash flows. The float glass production capacity will not be amortised
             until its useful life is determined to be finite. Float glass production capacity is subjected to impairment test
             annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is
             carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

             Float glass production capacity is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing.
             The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to
             benefit from the using of the float glass production capacity. The units or groups of units are identified at the
             lowest level at which float glass production capacity is monitored for internal management purposes, being
             the operating segments.


   35.7 IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS
       Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
       annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
       impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
       carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
       carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
       costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
       for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from
       other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
       impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.8 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
           (a)   Classification
                 The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                 •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through
                       profit or loss), and

                 •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                 The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                 contractual terms of the cash flows.

                 For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in the consolidated income statement
                 or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will
                 depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account
                 for the equity investment at FVOCI.

                 The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
                 changes.


           (b)   Recognition and derecognition
                 Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
                 commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows
                 from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all
                 the risks and rewards of ownership.


           (c)   Measurement
                 At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
                 not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
                 costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in consolidated income statement.

                 Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
                 cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




172   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.8 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
       (c)   Measurement (Continued)
             Debt instruments
             Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
             and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
             classifies its debt instruments:

             •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                   represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from
                   these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                   loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in the consolidated income statement and presented
                   in “Other (losses)/gains - net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are
                   presented as separate line item in the consolidated income statement.

             •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
                   where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at
                   FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for
                   the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
                   which are recognised in consolidated income statement. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                   cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity
                   to profit or loss and recognised in “Other (losses)/gains - net”. Interest income from these financial assets
                   is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                   are presented in “Other gains - net” and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the
                   consolidated income statement.

                   Where equity security is not held for trading, an entity can irrevocably elected to present fair value
                   changes of such equity security in other comprehensive income. If an entity makes the election, changes
                   in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income will not be reclassified to profit and loss.

             •     FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or
                   loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in consolidated income
                   statement and presented within “Other (losses)/gains - net” in the period in which it arises.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.8 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
           (c)   Measurement (Continued)
                 Equity instruments
                 The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has
                 elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is
                 no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the consolidated income statement following
                 the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in the
                 consolidated income statement as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                 Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in “Other (losses)/gains - net” or “Other
                 income” in the consolidated income statement as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment
                 losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

                 Details on how the fair value of financial instruments is determined are disclosed in Note 3.3.


           (d)   Impairment
                 The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
                 carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has
                 been a significant increase in credit risk.

                 For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
                 expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.


      35.9 OFFSETTING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount are reported in the consolidated balance sheet when the
           Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net
           basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent
           on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
           bankruptcy of the Company or counterparties.


      35.10 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
           Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term,
           highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank
           overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.




174   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.11 SHARE CAPITAL
       Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

       Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net
       of tax, from the proceeds.

       Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid,
       including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
       Company’s equity holders until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently
       reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related
       income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.


   35.12 BORROWINGS
       Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
       carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
       is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
       method.

       Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it
       is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
       occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down,
       the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
       relates.

       Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
       cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished
       or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities
       assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

       When the terms of a financial liability are renegotiated and the entity issues equity instruments to a creditor to
       extinguish all or part of the liability (debt for equity swap), a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss, which is
       measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability and the fair value of the equity
       instruments issued.

       Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
       liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    175
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.13 BORROWINGS COSTS
           General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
           assets are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended
           use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
           intended use or sale.

           Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
           qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


      35.14 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
           The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
           on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
           attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

           The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated income
           statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
           equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


           (a)   Current income tax
                 The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                 at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries and associates
                 operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
                 respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is
                 probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances
                 either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides a better
                 prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.


           (b)   Deferred income tax
                 Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
                 the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
                 However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
                 Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                 transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
                 nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
                 Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted
                 by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
                 realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.




176   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.14 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
       (b)   Deferred income tax (Continued)
             The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
             assuming the property will be recovered either through sale or through use.

             Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise
             those temporary differences and losses.

             Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
             and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing of the
             reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
             future.

             Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
             in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other
             comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


       (c)   Offsetting
             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
             and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
             tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on
             a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


       (d)   Investment allowances and similar tax incentives
             Companies within the Group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in qualifying
             assets or in relation to qualifying expenditure (e.g. investment allowances). The Group accounts for such
             allowances as tax credits, which means that the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax
             expense. A deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that can be carried forward and when it is
             probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise the unclaimed tax credits.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     177
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.15 PROVISIONS
           Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognised when: the Group has a
           present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will
           be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for
           future operating losses.

           Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
           determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
           outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

           Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures required to settle
           the obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax
           rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The
           increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.


      35.16 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
           (a)   Pension obligations
                 The Group participates in a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in
                 separate trustee-administered funds. The pension plans are generally funded by payments from employees and
                 by the relevant group companies. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays
                 fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                 contribution if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee
                 services in the current and prior periods. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                 have been paid.

                 The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
                 recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


           (b)   Employee leave entitlements
                 Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made
                 for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the
                 reporting period.

                 Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.




178   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.16 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Continued)
       (c)   Profit-sharing and bonus plans
             The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing, based on a formula that
             takes into consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
             Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a
             constructive obligation.


   35.17 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
       (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
             The Group operates a number of equity-settled, share-based compensation plans, under which the entity
             receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Group. The fair value
             of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The
             total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

             •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

             •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                   profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period);
                   and

             •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to save).

             The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified
             vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each period, the entity revises its estimates of the number
             of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions. It recognises the
             impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

             When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
             attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium when the
             options are exercised.


       (b)   Share-based payment transactions among group entities
             The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
             in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
             reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
             subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       179
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.18 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
           These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
           which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within
           12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at
           amortised cost using the effective interest method.


      35.19 FINANCIAL GUARANTEE
           Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued.

           The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows
           between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be required
           without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.

           Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the fair
           values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


      35.20 GOVERNMENT GRANTS
           Grants from the government are recognised at their fair values where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
           will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

           Note 24 (a) provides further information on how the Group accounts for government grants.


      35.21 LEASES
           Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
           available for use by the Group.

           Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the
           net present value of the following lease payments:

           •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

           •     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
                 commencement date

           •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees

           •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

           •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.




180   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.21 LEASES (Continued)
        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
        liability.

        Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
        the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
        each period.

        Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

        •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

        •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

        •      any initial direct costs, and

        •      restoration costs.

        Entity-specific details about the Group’s leasing policy are provided in note 6.


   35.22 DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
        Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial
        statements and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
        Company’s shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


   35.23 INTEREST INCOME
        Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the effective
        interest method is recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of other income.

        Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
        management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.

        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
        except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective
        interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       181
Financial Summary


A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is presented below.

                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                 2023                2022               2021               2020                 2019
                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

Revenue                                    26,798,520         25,745,990         30,459,120         18,615,879         16,258,489
Cost of sales                             (18,186,761)       (17,059,615)       (14,681,992)       (10,844,444)        (10,375,212)

Gross profit                                8,611,759          8,686,375         15,777,128           7,771,435          5,883,277

Profit before income tax                    6,344,348          5,999,966         13,501,721           7,330,342          5,015,811
Income tax expense                          (965,643)           (855,762)         (1,931,041)          (899,083)          (533,132)

Profit for the year                         5,378,705          5,144,204         11,570,680           6,431,259          4,482,679
Profit attributable to
  – equity holders of the Company           5,365,114          5,127,154         11,555,887           6,422,213          4,477,792
  – non-controlling interests                  13,591              17,050             14,793              9,046                 4,887

                                            5,378,705          5,144,204         11,570,680           6,431,259          4,482,679
Dividends                                   2,645,014          2,522,129          5,734,355           3,198,391          2,208,191



Asset and Liabilities                                                       As at 31 December

                                                 2023                2022               2021               2020                 2019
                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

Total assets                               50,813,419         52,231,789         56,498,665         45,071,089         36,254,298
Total liabilities                          14,947,566         20,144,166         21,792,141         17,097,740         15,326,872

                                           35,865,853         32,087,623         34,706,524         27,973,349         20,927,426

Equity attributable to equity
  holders of the Company                   35,750,803         31,972,670         34,598,647         27,881,574         20,846,341
Non-controlling interests                     115,050            114,953            107,877              91,775             81,085

                                           35,865,853         32,087,623         34,706,524         27,973,349         20,927,426




182    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2023
