      Contents
 2    Corporate Information

 4    Chairman’s Statement

 9    Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 15   Profile of Directors and Senior Management

 22   Corporate Governance Report

 32   Report of the Directors

 48   Independent Auditor’s Report

 53   Consolidated Balance Sheet

 55   Consolidated Income Statement

 56   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 57   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 59   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 61   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

162   Financial Summary




                  XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018   1
Corporate Information


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                      LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (Chairman) ø~<                   Squire Patton Boggs
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (Vice Chairman)                       29th Floor, Edingburgh Tower
Mr. TUNG Ching Sai (Chief Executive Officer) <ø          The Landmark
Mr. LEE Shing Kan                                        15 Queen’s Road Central
                                                         Central
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                         Hong Kong
Mr. LI Ching Wai
Mr. SZE Nang Sze                                         AUDITOR
Mr. LI Ching Leung
                                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers, Certified Public Accountants
Mr. NG Ngan Ho
                                                         22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                      Central, Hong Kong

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S. # *+ <ø
                                                         PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel # <ø
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP # <ø                       Bank of China (Hong Kong)
Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John #                               Bank of East Asia
Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David #                                Citibank, N.A.
                                                         CTBC Bank (Hong Kong)
*        Chairman of audit committee
                                                         China Construction Bank
#        Members of audit committee
                                                         Credit Industriel et Commercial (Hong Kong Branch)
+        Chairman of remuneration committee
                                                         DBS Bank
ø        Members of remuneration committee
                                                         First Abu Dhabi Bank
~        Chairman of nomination committee
                                                         Hang Seng Bank
<        Members of nomination committee
                                                         HSBC
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER &                                Hua Nan Commercial Bank (Macau Branch)
COMPANY SECRETARY                                        Korean Development Bank Asia
                                                         Malayan Banking Berhad
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, FCPA, AICPA
                                                         Mizuho Bank
REGISTERED OFFICE                                        Nanyang Commercial Bank
                                                         Standard Chartered Bank
P.O. Box 1350 GT, Clifton House, 75 Fort Street
                                                         Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
                                                         Bank of China
Cayman Islands
                                                         Bank of Communications
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                              Ping An Bank
IN HONG KONG                                             China Citic Bank
                                                         Huishang Bank
Unit 2101-2108, 21st Floor
                                                         Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Rykadan Capital Tower
                                                         Industrial Bank
135 Hoi Bun Road
                                                         Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Kwun Tong, Kowloon
                                                         State Bank of India (Hong Kong Branch)
Hong Kong

2    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND                          KEY DATES
TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited               determining the entitlements to attend and vote
Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre                    at the Annual General Meeting: Thursday, 9 May 2019
183 Queen’s Road East                                           to Wednesday, 15 May 2019 (both days inclusive)
Hong Kong                                                     Date of Annual General Meeting: Wednesday, 15 May 2019
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND                                   determining the entitlements to the final dividend:
TRANSFER OFFICE                                                 Tuesday, 21 May 2019 to Thursday, 23 May 2019
                                                              Proposed final dividend payable date:
Estera Trust (Cayman) Limited
                                                                On or about Wednesday, 3 July 2019
P. O. Box 1350 GT, Clifton House, 75 Fort Street
George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
Cayman Islands


WEBSITE

http://www.xinyiglass.com


SHARE INFORMATION

Place of listing: Main Board of The Stock Exchange
  of Hong Kong Limited
Stock code: 00868
Listing date: 3 February 2005
Board lot: 2,000 ordinary shares
Financial year end: 31 December
Share price as at the date of this annual report: HK$9.70
Market capitalisation as at the date of this annual report:
  Approximately HK$38.7 billion




                                                                   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018   3
Chairman’s Statement


On behalf of the Board (the “Board”) of Directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for
the financial year ended 31 December 2018.

In comparison with 2017, the Group’s turnover increased by about 8.7% to HK$16,014.5 million in 2018. The net profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company from the continuing operation increased significantly by about 5.6% to
HK$4,236.8 million in 2018. Basic earnings per share (the “Share”) were 105.71 HK cents, as compared with 101.14 HK cents
last year.

We are pleased with the results achieved by the Group in 2018 and propose payment of a final dividend of 27.0 HK cents
per Share upon approval by the shareholders (the “Shareholders”) at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “Annual
General Meeting”).

I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2018 and key development highlights for the coming year.


THE DEVELOPMENT OF THE PRC GLASS INDUSTRY HAS BEEN INFLUENCED BY INDUSTRIAL,
ENVIRONMENTAL AND MONETARY POLICIES AS WELL AS THE SINO-US TRADE WAR AND
DEPRECIATION OF THE RMB

The growth of the PRC economy has slowed during the year ended 31 December 2018. The Group’s operations in the
automobile glass, architectural glass and float glass segments have faced a myriad of challenges. Nonetheless, the Group
has managed to achieve moderately favorable operating results mainly due to the implementation of stringent controls over
production costs, better variety of float glass products, new overseas contributions from the operation in Malaysia, and more
effective marketing strategies for the architectural glass and automobile glass divisions.

The PRC property development market has experienced moderate growth while the construction sector has been operating
under a more difficult environment owing to tighter funding liquidity as a result of the PRC government’s de-leverage policy.
Nevertheless, within the highly competitive energy-saving Low-E glass market of the PRC construction industry, the Group’s
architectural glass business has achieved a remarkable increase in sales volume due to its aggressive marketing strategy.

The float glass sector has experienced a gradual slowdown in demand during the second quarter and the end of the year due
to tighter liquidity in funding and restrictive government policy towards the property market in the PRC. Positive developments
for the Group include the launch of new product specifications for its double insulations and laminated insulation glass window
structures for better heat retention and lamination to address higher safety standards for the architectural glass industry in the
PRC, the introduction of a wider variety of float and specialty glass products and colour mix and the operation of the new float
glass production lines in Malaysia. These favourable developments have contributed to a moderate increase in float glass sales
during the year under review. At the same time, the stringent control of production cost and greater production efficiency
management has contributed to sustain gross profit margin level of the Group’s float glass sales.




4     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
In light of the Sino-US trade war and complex global market conditions, the Group has proactively implemented flexible
marketing strategies for its automobile glass business, with the addition of new products for electric vehicles and value-added
applications such as advanced driver assistance systems (“ADAS”), head-up display (“HUD”), sound proofing and sun roofs that
are suitable for new car models. At the same time, the Group has been approaching new overseas customers and strengthening
ties with existing customer base to explore opportunities to increase the sales volume of its new products. Currently, the Group’s
automobile glass products are sold in more than 140 countries around the world.

As one of the major players in the global glass industry, the Group has reinforced its market-leading position and enhanced its
economies of scale through the timely and strategic expansion of production capacities across different product segments as
well as the construction of new production complexes incorporating streamlined production processes at different locations
both in the PRC and overseas. The Group has also implemented a series of measures enhancing control on the consumption
of raw materials, re-cycling of principal raw materials, re-engineering of production flow to boost production efficiency and
using solar power and low-temperature recycling residual heat to generate electricity and hot water for internal consumption.
To maintain its competitiveness, the Group has successfully developed and launched a wide range of high value-added and
specialty glass products while adopting proactive pricing and flexible marketing strategies to take advantage of the supportive
measures implemented under the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan of the PRC government.


IMPROVED PRODUCTIVITY, TECHNOLOGY AND ECONOMIES OF SCALE FOR ENHANCING
PRODUCTION EFFICIENCY

The Group’s strength in production engineering, research and development and operational management, along with
continuous improvements in production processes and, automation underpinned by well-planned equipment maintenance
programs, have enhanced its productivity and yield, which, in turn, have reduced overall labour, production and energy costs
during the year under review.

The Group’s engineering and design division has developed world class larger capacity float glass production lines that are found
in the PRC and overseas. The strategic clustering of production bases has resulted in the ability to derive greater economies
of scale leading to significant savings in procurement costs, production and fixed costs and increased fuel efficiency in fuel
consumption. To further control energy costs, the Group is harnessing clean environmentally-friendly energy through the use of
rooftop solar power generation systems and low-temperature recycling residual heat power co-generation systems.

The Group is also using natural gas as fuel for the production of high quality float glass as this can reduce carbon emissions and
this achieve better air quality, improve float glass quality and enhance the energy cost structure of the Group.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018      5
Chairman’s Statement


EXPANSION OF HIGH VALUE-ADDED PRODUCT MIX AND GLOBAL COVERAGE WHICH
ENHANCES OVERALL COMPETITIVENESS

During the year, the consolidated revenue generated from the Group’s automobile glass, architectural glass and high-quality
float glass businesses has achieved a satisfactory growth. This performance goes to prove that the combination of diversified
business segments, global market coverage and expanded high value-added product mix are able to alleviate the operational
pressure in any specific business segment or country despite volatility resulting from trade conflicts and competitive market
environment.


BUSINESS OUTLOOK

The Group will continue to adopt flexible production and marketing strategies and raise the level of automation by employing
advanced technologies at its facilities to further improve operational efficiency which in turn will allow it to maintain its
competitive edge and leading position at in the global glass manufacturing industry.

The PRC government has continued to tighten the policy on building new float glass production lines and to phase out the
obsolete and non-compliant float glass production lines in order to meet of higher emission standards. As a result, effective float
glass production volume in the PRC increased slightly as compared to the same period in 2017 according to the PRC National
Bureau of Statistics. The Group is embarking on prudent and flexible strategies in response to the current development the float
glass market in the PRC and the global market.

The price of soda ash experienced a short term rise in May and June 2018 following a downward trend since December 2017.
The price of soda ash subsequently declined again in the third quarter of 2018. The industry expects the price trend of soda ash
to moderate in comparison with 2018. The Group’s global network has sourced soda ash from different suppliers to mitigate
price fluctuation as part of its contingency plan against the possible future rise. Thus, the Group believes its specialty float glass
products mix has stronger competitiveness in the tough float glass market in 2019.

The positive development of Sino-US trade war negotiation would mitigate the pressure on the aftermarket automobile glass
customers in the US as they mostly rely on the foreign supply from the PRC.

The PRC’s new proactive monetary policy will add more funding to the market. It would help to ease the tightened liquidity
market in 2018 and lead more construction activities. It would be positive to the demand of float glass and architectural glass
businesses.




6     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
The Directors are nonetheless cautiously optimistic that the automobile glass business will continue to perform favorably in the
global market and achieve increased sales in the energy-saving and single and double insulated Low-E glass segments in the
future.

After years of expanding its production facilities along the coastal regions of the PRC, the Group is ready to explore acquisitions
and more expansion opportunities overseas and in western PRC which can provide attractive and larger markets, lower
production and energy costs, supply of natural resources, and offer favourable tax treatment and other incentives.

Furthermore, the Group is planning to support the PRC government’s economic development plan in western China and has
qualified under the foreign investment scheme in western China to build specialty float glass production lines in Guangxi Zhuang
Autonomous Region. Thus, it plans to construct automobile glass production lines in the aforesaid region.

The acquisition of float glass production assets and a capacity permit in Zhangjiagang, Jiangsu province, further strengthens the
Group’s market coverage in the Eastern PRC.

The commencement of the operation of the Group’s first float glass production line in Malaysia in May 2017 was its first
overseas project. This milestone will pave the way for boosting the Group’s its future growth in the region as well as facilitate
specific transactions in the region while also reducing production costs.

Two high quality float glass production lines in its Phase Two project in Malacca, Malaysia had lighted up in late June and
November 2018. The Group is also planning to build a Phase Three project in Malaysia. The future production lines will allow the
Group to better serve ASEAN-based, as well as Indian, Korean and Taiwanese customers through the preferential import duties
and appropriate pricing strategies as well as the shorter transport distance will also benefit customers from elsewhere in Asia.

The Group plans to build its first automobile glass production line in the South East Asia in order to supply the countries which
have trade conflicts with the PRC.

The Group is also planning to expand its production network outside Asia. It plans to build new high quality float glass
production lines in North America which will enable it to expand our product coverage in that region.

The Group will continue to ensure that adequate resources are allocated to research and development, enhance product quality
and new product introduction, as well as for exploring new markets, boosting production efficiency and conducting staff
training in order to maintain its competitiveness and, ultimately, boost its profitability.




                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018      7
Chairman’s Statement


CONCLUSION

The Group will continue to tackle challenges amid unstable economic growth in the PRC and overseas by improving efficiency
and increasing profitability through more effective management across all facets of operations and through marketing activities,
as well as by expanding of its business and continuing to collaborate with customers and suppliers. The Directors believe that
these approaches will enable the Group to fully capitalise on the benefits from the domestic, emerging market and overseas
business opportunities. They are also optimistic about the Group’s long-term business development prospects.

The Group will continue to adopt proven business strategies to sustain and strengthen growth with new business ideas. To
maintain its industry-leading position, the Group will at the same time explore expanding its presence in the global glass market
across a wider spectrum of industries, applications and products as well as other opportunities that lead to mutually beneficial
for business partnerships.




Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman


25 February 2019




8     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                        Management’s Discussion and Analysis


INTRODUCTION

The Group is engaged in the production and sales of a wide range of glass products, including automobile glass, energy-saving
architectural glass, high-quality float glass and other glass products for different commercial and industrial applications. These
glass products are manufactured at production facilities strategically located in the PRC and Malaysia. In the former, the Group’s
facilities can be found in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Jiangmen in Guangdong Province, Wuhu in Anhui Province, Tianjin, Yingkou
in Liaoning Province, and Deyang in Sichuan Province. In the latter, the Group operates a facilities in Malacca. In addition, the
Group also produces rubber and plastic components for automobiles.

The Group’s glass products are sold to customers in over 140 countries and territories, including the PRC, Hong Kong, the
United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and countries in Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa, and Central and South
America. Its customers include companies engaged in automobile glass manufacturing, wholesale and distribution, automobile
repair, motor vehicle manufacturing, curtain wall engineering and installation, architectural and furniture glass manufacturing,
electronic and household appliances manufacturing, and float glass wholesale and distribution.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The Group has continued to maintain its leading position in the global glass industry in 2018 by tapping the strong demand for
high-quality float glass in the PRC and automobile glass in global markets. In 2018, revenue and net profit attributable to equity
holders of the Company amounted to HK$16,014.5 million and HK$4,236.8 million, respectively, representing an increase of
8.7% and 5.6%, when compared with HK$14,727.5 million and HK$4,013.8 million, respectively in 2017. The compound
annual growth rate of the Group’s sales for the five-year period including 2018 was 10.2%.

In 2018, under the pressure of the Sino-US trade war, depreciation of RMB in second half of the year, and the de-leverage
policy in the PRC, the Group’s three glass products businesses, namely float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, have
achieved different growth rates by increase of their respective sales volumes.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018      9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Sales
Sales increased by 8.7% in 2018, principally due to sales volume growth of float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass
products in the PRC and global markets.

The tables below set forth the Group’s sales by product and by geographical region:

                                                                                   Financial Year Ended 31 December

                                                                                2018                                     2017
                                                                   HK$’million                     %            HK$’million        %

By Product
Float glass products                                                     8,424.4                 52.6              8,016.9       54.5
Automobile glass products (Note (a))                                     4,251.9                 26.6              3,910.0       26.5
Architectural glass products                                             3,338.2                 20.8              2,800.6       19.0

                                                                       16,014.5                100.0              14,727.5      100.0


Note:

(a)      Included sales of automobile glass and automobile rubber and plastic components on an original equipment manufacturing (“OEM”)
         basis and an aftermarkets basis.

                                                                                   Financial Year Ended 31 December

                                                                                2018                                     2017
                                                                   HK$ million                     %            HK$ million        %

By Geographical Region
Greater China (Note (a))                                               11,437.9                  71.4             10,774.4       73.2
North America                                                            1,621.7                 10.1              1,489.4       10.1
Europe                                                                     510.4                  3.2                434.1        2.9
Others (Note (b))                                                        2,444.5                 15.3              2,029.6       13.8

                                                                       16,014.5                100.0              14,727.5      100.0


Notes:

(a)      China and Hong Kong.

(b)      Australia, New Zealand, Africa, the Middle East, Central America, South America and other countries.




10       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
Cost of Sales
Average production costs have increased mainly due to supply-side reform and environmental control policy implemented
in the PRC during 2018. However, improved production efficiency, successful cost control measures and the use of cost-
effective renewable energy have led to an increase in cost of sales in 2018 by 9.2% to HK$10,139.1 million, as compared with
HK$9,283.4 million in 2017. As the increase in cost of sales was slightly higher than the increase in sales indicates that the
management has been able to maintain profitability despite the challenging market environment.

Gross profit in 2018 was HK$5,875.4 million, representing an increase of 7.9%, as compared with HK$5,444.1 million in 2017.
The overall gross profit margin has decreased from 37.0% to 36.7% principally due to the increase in energy and materials
costs.


Other Income
Other income rose to HK$541.0 million, as compared with HK$387.4 million in 2017. The increase was mainly attributable to
the rise in the government grants and sales of electricity in 2018.


Other Gains – Net
Net other gains amounted to HK$537.5 million in 2018, as compared with net other gains of HK$316.9 million in 2017. The
upturn was principally due to greater foreign exchange gain.

The Group’s selling and marketing expenses increased by 14.4% to HK$772.3 million in 2018, principally due to an increase in
overseas transportation costs.


Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses rose by 19.3% to HK$1,634.8 million in 2018, which was mainly
attributable to the rise in research and development expenses.


Finance Costs
The Group’s finance costs rose 41.4% to HK$213.7 million in 2018 mainly due to an increase in bank borrowings and rise in
HIBOR rate during the year. A portion of the interest expense incurred as construction-in-progress and acquisition of plant and
machinery at the production complexes in Malaysia was capitalised under construction-in-progress and will be depreciated
subsequently when the related production facilities and the new production lines commence commercial operation. An amount
of interest expense of HK$45.3 million was capitalised under construction-in-progress in 2018, which was relatively stable when
compared to the amount of HK$32.4 million in 2017.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018    11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Income Tax Expense
The Group’s income tax expense increased by 5.9% to HK$722.6 million in 2018. The effective tax rate maintained at 14.5%.
The effective tax rate was lower than the standard tax rates mainly due to higher profits generated by subsidiaries that
qualified for the preferential PRC high-tech enterprise CIT tax rate of 15% and the Malacca factory’s qualification for Malaysia’s
investment tax allowance scheme.

Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$4,236.8 million in 2018, representing an increase of 5.6%,
as compared with HK$4,013.8 million in 2017. Net profit margin dipped slightly to 26.5% in 2018 primarily due to less profit
shared from Xinyi Solar in 2018.


CURRENT RATIO

The Group’s current ratio as at 31 December 2018 was 1.39, as compared with 1.54 as at 31 December 2017.


NET CURRENT ASSETS

As at 31 December 2018, the Group had net current assets of HK$2,599.8 million, as compared with HK$2,774.7 million as at
31 December 2017. The decline was in line with a decrease in the current ratio.


FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

In 2018, the Group’s primary source of funding included cash generated from its operating activities and the new banking
facilities provided by its principal banks in Hong Kong and the PRC. Net cash inflow from operating activities amounted to
HK$4,642.8 million (2017: HK$3,534.7 million) as a result of a moderate increase in net profit for the year and efficient working
capital management which led to a net cash surplus from operations. As at 31 December 2018, the Group had cash and bank
balances (including fixed deposits and pledged bank deposits) of HK$4,692.3 million (2017: HK$3,057.1 million).


BANK BORROWINGS

As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s bank and other borrowings amounted to HK$9,969.4 million representing an increase of
17.8% when compared with a balance of HK$8,466.4 million as at 31 December 2017.

The Group’s net debt gearing ratio as at 31 December 2018 was 28.2% (31 December 2017: 29.5%). This ratio was calculated
by dividing the net bank debt, which is calculated as total borrowings less cash, bank balances and pledged bank deposits, by
the total equity of the Group as at 31 December 2018.


CAPITAL STRUCTURE

The shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange since 3 February 2005. There is no
material change in the capital structure of the Company since the Listing Date and up to the date of this report. The capital of
the Company comprises only ordinary shares.




12   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND COMMITMENTS

The total capital expenditure incurred for the year ended 31 December 2018 was approximately HK$2,453.1 million (2017:
HK$3,254.0 million), which was mainly used in purchase of property, plant and equipment and intangible assets. The Group has
HK$909.1 million planned capital expenditures and capital commitments as of the end of the year ended 31 December 2018.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As at 31 December 2018, a bank balance of HK$14.1 million has been pledged as collateral principally for the import duties
payable to the US government and for the standby letter of credit issued by a bank in the PRC.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As at 31 December 2018, the Group had 11,866 full-time employees of whom 11,237 were based in China and 629 were based
in Hong Kong and other countries and territories. The Group maintains good relationship with all of its employees. It provides
employees with sufficient training in business and professional knowledge including information about the applications of the
Group’s products and skills in maintaining good client relationship. Remuneration packages offered to the Group’s employees
are consistent with the prevailing markets terms and reviewed on a regular basis. Discretionary bonuses may be awarded to
employees taking into consideration the Group’s performance and that of the individual employee.

Pursuant to the applicable laws and regulations, the Group has participated in relevant defined contribution retirement schemes
administered by the responsible government authorities in the PRC for its employees there. For the Group’s employees in Hong
Kong, all the arrangements pursuant to the mandatory provident fund requirements prescribed by the Mandatory Provident
Fund Schemes Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong) have been duly implemented.


FINAL DIVIDEND AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

At the meeting of the board of Directors held on Monday, 25 February 2019, the Directors proposed a final cash dividend (the
“Final Dividend”) of 27.0 HK cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2018. The declaration and the payment of the
Final Dividend are subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be
held on or before Wednesday, 15 May 2019. If so approved by the shareholders, it is expected that the Final Dividend will be
paid on or about Wednesday, 3 July 2019 to shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on
Thursday, 23 May 2019.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 21 May 2019 to Thursday, 23 May 2019, both days
inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the Final Dividend, all transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
Limited, the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, at Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 20 May 2019.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018     13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


TREASURY POLICIES AND EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES

The Group has adopted treasury policies for the purpose of optimising the use of readily-available financial resources for the
business needs of its different subsidiaries. The Directors believe that such treasury policies are an integral part of the business
operations of the Group and are beneficial to the Group as a whole by reducing the costs and interests that may otherwise be
borne by its relevant subsidiaries in arranging the required banking facilities to meet obligations. For example, the Group has
adopted a centralised approach in managing the funds available to its headquarters, subsidiaries and branches, including cash,
bank deposits, securities, bills and other financial instruments. These assets, such as bills and financial instruments, are managed
and arranged amongst subsidiaries of the Group through proper endorsements or transfers to the different subsidiaries so that
they can be fully utilized to meet the Group’s payment obligations with minimal financing cost. The Group closely monitors the
level of use and the value of each of these transactions only represents an immaterial part of its total assets and undertakings.
The Directors believe that these policies promote the efficient use of the Group’s financial resources.

In addition, the treasury policies of the Group also include mechanisms to mitigate its foreign exchange risks. The Group mainly
operates in China with most of its significant transactions denominated and settled in RMB and US Dollars (“USD”). Given the
pegged exchange rate between the Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”) and the USD, the Directors do not foresee that the Group is
subject to significant foreign exchange risks for transactions conducted in HKD or USD. However, exchange rate fluctuations
between the RMB and the HKD or the RMB and the USD could affect the Group’s performance and asset value. The Group also
has float glass production facilities in Malaysia. Exchange rate fluctuations between the Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) and the HKD
could also affect the Group’s performance and asset value.

Because of the depreciation in the exchange rate converting the RMB to the HKD in second half of 2018, the Group reported
non-cash translation decreases in the exchange reserve of its consolidated balance sheet — when converting RMB-denominated
assets into HKD. For the year ended 31 December 2018, an exchanges reserve drop of HK$1,560.7 million was recorded as
the foreign currency translations reserve movement. As a result, the balance of the consolidated foreign currency translations
reserve account recorded a debit balance of HK$1,014.8 million as at 31 December 2018 as compared with a credit balance of
HK$545.9 million as at 31 December 2017.

For the Group’s PRC business, the revenue from sales of glass products is denominated in RMB whilst most of the bank
borrowings are denominated in HKD. In implementing its treasury policies, the Group maintained a well-designed balance
between the currency risk and the interest savings arising from HKD-denominated bank borrowings. As at 31 December 2018,
all the bank borrowings of the Group were denominated in HKD.

The Group has not experienced any material difficulties and liquidity issues resulting from currency exchange fluctuations.
During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Group has not used any financial instrument for hedging purposes.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As at 31 December 2018, the Group did not have any significant contingent liability (31 December 2017: Nil).


EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2018 and up to the date of this announcement.




14    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                Profile of Directors and Senior Management


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (李賢義) aged 66, is our Chairman and founder, responsible for the Group’s business strategy. Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, B.B.S. has more than 30 years’ experience in the automobile glass industry. Prior to establishing the Group, Dr. LEE Yin Yee,
B.B.S. was involved in the trading of automobile parts. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. has been the national committee member of the
Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth and Thirteenth Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and an honorary citizen of Shenzhen
in the PRC. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. obtained a honorable doctorate degree in engineering from the Universiti Teknikal Malaysia
Melaka in November 2018. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. was appointed in December 2003 as the first chairman of Shenzhen Fujian
Corporate Association. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is also the Life Honorary Chairman of the Hong Kong Quanzhou Clans United
Association and the Fukienese Association Limited in Hong Kong. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, our
executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is also the brother-in-law of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, our vice-chairman and executive
Director and brother-in-law of Mr. TUNG Ching Sai, our chief executive officer and executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
was appointed as our executive Director on 25 June 2004. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the chairman and non-executive Director of
Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (”Xinyi Solar“) a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange. Save as disclosed above,
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined in the
Listing Rules) of the Company. Save as disclosed above, Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. has not held any directorship in other publicly
listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (董清波), aged 56, is our vice-chairman and chief purchasing officer, responsible for managing our daily
operations and overseeing our purchasing functions. Prior to joining us in January 2000, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor had over 14
years’ experience in automobile parts purchase. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor is a member of The Tenth Chinese People’s Political
Consultative Conference of Anhui Province since 1 January 2011 and also a member of Nanping Committee of Fujian Province.
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., brother of Mr. TUNG Ching Sai, our chief executive officer
and executive Director, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, our executive Director. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor was appointed as our
executive Director on 25 June 2004. Save as disclosed above, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor has no relationship with any Directors, senior
management or substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company. Save as disclosed above, Mr. TUNG
Ching Bor has not held any directorship in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018    15
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. TUNG Ching Sai (董清世), aged 53, is our executive Director and chief executive officer. Mr. TUNG Ching Sai has been with
us for over 30 years since our inception in November 1988 and is responsible for overseeing our daily operations. Mr. TUNG
Ching Sai is a standing committee member of the twelve session of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Regional Committee
of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, (中國人民政治協商會議第十二屆廣西壯族自治區委員會常委) a
member of the executive committee of the twelve session of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce, chairman of
the Happy Hong Kong Foundation, and the president of Hong Kong Industrial & Commercial Association (第十二屆全國工商聯
執行委員會委員), vice chairman of the China Architectural and Industrial Glass Association (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會), the
Third Shenzhen Municipal Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneur in September 2001 and was awarded the “Young Industrialist
Awards of Hong Kong 2006”. Mr. TUNG Ching Sai graduated from the Sun Yat-Sen University with an executive master degree
of business administration in 2007. Mr. TUNG Ching Sai is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., brother of Mr. TUNG
Ching Bor, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, our executive Director. Mr. TUNG Ching Sai was appointed as our executive Director
on 25 June 2004. In November 2015, Mr. TUNG Ching Sai was appointed as the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi
Enterprises. In July 2016, Xinyi Enterprise was spun off from Xinyi Glass and became separately listed on the Growth Enterprise
Market (“GEM”) of the Stock Exchange. Mr. TUNG Ching Sai is the vice chairman and executive Director of Xinyi Solar, a
company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. TUNG Ching Sai has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company. Save as disclosed above, Mr. TUNG Ching Sai has not held any
directorship in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. LEE Shing Kan (李聖根), aged 39, is our executive Director and is responsible for overseeing the overseas automobile
glass operation and the general manager of Xinyi Automobile Glass (Shenzhen) Company Limited. Mr. LEE Shing Kan joined
the Company in January 2005. Mr. LEE Shing Kan holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce from The University of Melbourne,
Australia and a master’s degree in applied finance from Monash University, Australia. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was the member of the
Fujian Province Committee of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was the director (2012/2014)
of Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the executive committee member of the Lok Sin Tong Benevolent
Society, Kowloon (2019/2020). Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., nephew of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and Mr.
TUNG Ching Sai. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was appointed as our executive Director on 15 October 2008. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is a non-
executive director of Xinyi Enterprise, a company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. LEE Shing Kan has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial
shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company. Save as disclosed above, Mr. LEE Shing Kan has not held any
directorship in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.




16    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai (李清懷), aged 61, is our non-executive Director and has been with us since April 2001. Prior to joining us,
Mr. LI Ching Wai has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. LI Ching Wai was appointed as our non-executive
Director on 25 June 2004. Save as disclosed above, Mr. LI Ching Wai has no relationship with any Directors, senior management
or substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company. Save as disclosed above, Mr. LI Ching Wai has not
held any directorship in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. SZE Nang Sze (施能獅), aged 61, is our non-executive Director and has been with us since April 2001. Prior to joining
us, Mr. SZE Nang Sze has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. SZE Nang Sze was appointed as our non-
executive Director on 25 June 2004. Save as disclosed above, Mr. SZE Nang Sze has no relationship with any Directors, senior
management or substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company. Save as disclosed above, Mr. SZE
Nang Sze has not held any directorship in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. LI Ching Leung (李清涼), aged 62, is our non-executive Director and has joined us since August 2004. Mr. LI Ching Leung
was the assistant general manager of our Wuhu production complex. Prior to joining us, Mr. LI Ching Leung has worked in
the trading of automobile parts industry, manufacturing of plastic products and mould industry, and manufacturing of leather
products industry. Mr. LI Ching Leung was appointed as our executive Director on 25 August 2004 and was re-designated
as non-executive Director on 14 September 2005. Save as disclosed above, Mr. LI Ching Leung has no relationship with any
Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company. Save as disclosed
above, Mr. LI Ching Leung has not held any directorship in other publicly listed companies in the last three years.

Mr. NG Ngan Ho (吳銀河), aged 54, is our non-executive Director and has joined us since August 2003. Mr. NG Ngan Ho was
responsible for overseeing the financial and purchasing matters of our Dongguan production complex. Mr. NG Ngan Ho was
appointed as our executive Director on 25 June 2004 and was re-designated as non-executive Director on 1 July 2007. Save as
disclosed above, Mr. NG Ngan Ho has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as
defined in the Listing Rules) of the Company. Save as disclosed above, Mr. NG Ngan Ho has not held any directorship in other
publicly listed companies in the last three years.




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018   17
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S. (林廣兆), aged 85, is the vice chairman of BOC International Holdings Limited, the honorary
chairman of Hong Kong Federation of Fujian Associations, the Life Honorary Chairman of Hong Kong Fukien Chamber of
Commerce, the vice chairman of Fujian Hong Kong Economic Co-operation, the Life Honorary Chairman of the Chinese General
Chamber of Commerce, the Adviser of the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association, the honorary president of the Chinese
Bankers Club of Hong Kong and thus has the appropriate professional expertise required under Rule 3.10 (2) of the Listing Rules.
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu has also been the director of Bank of China International Limited (formerly named “BOCI Capital Limited”)
since July 2002, the non-executive director of China Overseas Land & Investment Limited since September 2003, Fujian Holdings
Limited since December 2003, Yuzhou Properties Company Limited since October 2009 and Far East Consortium International
Limited since September 2011. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was awarded the HKSAR Silver Bauhinia Star in 2003. Mr. LAM Kwong
Siu was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004. China Overseas Land & Investment Limited,
Fujian Holdings Limited, Yuzhou Properties Company Limited and Far East Consortium International Limited are companies
whose shares are being listed on the Stock Exchange.

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S. has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined in
the Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S. has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies,
the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.

Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel (王則左), aged 69, is currently a Barrister-at-Law in Hong Kong and a Chartered Arbitrator. Mr.
WONG Chat Chor Samuel, a member of several arbitration institutions, is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, a
Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, Executive Council member of the Hong Kong Society for Rehabilitation and
Crime Prevention, was the president of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators 2002 and 2003, is a member of the International
Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) and the ICC Arbitration Committee of Hong Kong. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is also on
the panels of the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission, the Hong Kong International Arbitration
Center and on the panels of the Arbitration Commissions of Wuhan, Wenzhou, Nanning, Guangzhou and Huizhou of China. In
addition, Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel was also a director of Nan Fung (Singapore) Pte Limited and was the chairman of the
BPC Group of Companies, Malaysia. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel was a standing committee member of the Peoples’ Political
Consultative Committee of Wenzhou, Zhejiang, the PRC. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel received a master degree in business
administration from Harvard University and a master and a bachelor degree in Arts from Tufts University, Massachusetts. Mr.
WONG Chat Chor Samuel was appointed as our independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.

Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined
in the Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies,
the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.




18   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP (王英偉), aged 66, is the President and Executive Director of Sands China Limited, the shares of
which are listed on the Stock Exchange.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai joined the Administrative Officer grade of the Hong Kong Government in 1975 and served in a number
of key positions including Deputy Secretary for the Civil Service and Deputy Director General of Industry. Dr. WONG Ying Wai
joined the private sector in 1992 and since then, he has held top management positions in a number of Hong Kong listed
companies in the property development and construction business sectors including K. Wah International Holdings Limited,
Henderson China Holdings Limited, Shui On Group and Hsin Chong Construction Group Ltd.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai started his political career at the national level when he was appointed a member of The Basic Law
Consultative Committee (1985-1990) by the Central People’s Government. He was subsequently appointed by the National
People’s Congress as a member of the Preliminary Working Committee for the Hong Kong SAR Preparatory Committee in 1993
and a member of the Hong Kong SAR Preparatory Committee in 1995, both bodies were responsible for the transitional policies
and arrangements relating to the establishment of the HKSAR Government in 1997. Dr. WONG Ying Wai was a Deputy to the
National People’s Congress of the PRC during 1997-2013.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai’s public service continues through his participation in a number of councils and committees in Hong Kong
and Macao. He is currently the chairman of Hong Kong Arts Development Council, the chairman emeritus of the Hong Kong
Baptist University Foundation (since January 2018), the Chairman and director of The Hong Kong International Film Festival
Society Limited, Asian Film Awards Academy Limited and Hong Kong Institute for Public Administration, a director and the
chairman emeritus of Pacific Basin Economic Council Limited and a member of the Committee of Cultural Industries and a
member of the Tourism Committee. He was appointed as the vice chairman of Hong Kong Film Development Council in April
2013. He was the chairman of the Court and Council of the Hong Kong Baptist University during the period from 2007 to 2012.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star and Silver Bauhinia Star Medal by the Hong Kong SAR Government
in 2015 and 2007. He was educated at Harvard University (MPA), Oxford University, University of Hong Kong (BSoc.Sc.) and the
Chinese University of Hong Kong. Dr. WONG was conferred the honorary degree for doctor of humanities by the Hong Kong
Baptist University in November 2013.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined in the
Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Dr. WONG Ying Wai has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies the
securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018   19
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John (陳傳華), aged 47, obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Simon Fraser
University in June 1993. Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John is currently a minister of Evangelical Free Churches of China Jachin Church
Limited. Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John has over 16 years of experience in accounting and investment banking industry, during
which Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John had worked in Price Waterhouse (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers) and various
financial institutions and investment banks in Hong Kong. During the period between 2003 and 2006, Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah,
John was the Managing Director and the Head of Investment Banking of Kingsway Financial Services Group Limited (“Kingsway
Group”). Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was a consultant to Kingsway Group during the period from 2006 to 2009. Mr. TRAN
Chuen Wah, John became a member of each of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 1996 and 1997, respectively. Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a Chartered
Financial Analyst (granted by the Association for Investment Management and Research) in September 1999.

Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial shareholders (as defined
in the Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies,
the securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.

Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David (譚偉雄), aged 69, has more than 40 years of experience in commercial banking industry in Hong
Kong and the PRC. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David started his career in 1968 when he joined The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
Corporation (“HSBC”). During his career with HSBC, Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David held various senior positions in Hong Kong and
overseas and his last position with HSBC was Senior Executive — Payments and Cash Management-Asia Pacific in 1999. Since
March 1999, Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David worked with Hang Seng Bank Limited and held various senior positions in corporate
and commercial banking and risk management. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David retired from Hang Seng Bank Limited in January
2012 as a Deputy General Manager and his last position with the bank was Chief Risk Officer. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David was
a director of Yantai Bank (煙台銀行), a city commercial bank in Yantai, Shandong Province, the PRC from December 2012 to
June 2017. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David is currently a non-executive director of Nameson Holdings Limited which shares are listed
on the Stock Exchange. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David is currently an independent non-executive director of Dah Sing Financial
Holdings Limited which shares are being listed on the Stock Exchange. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David is currently an independent
non-executive director of Dah Sing Bank Limited. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David became a fellow member of the Institute of Bankers
in the United Kingdom and the Hong Kong Institute of Bankers in 1986 and 1995, respectively. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David
received a master’s degree in business administration from the University of Toronto in 1991.

Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David has no relationship with any Directors, senior management or substantial Shareholders (as defined in
the Listing Rules) of the Company.

Save as disclosed above, Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David has not held any directorship in the last three years in public companies, the
securities of which are listed on any securities market in Hong Kong or overseas.




20   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. LAU Sik Yuen (劉錫源), aged 52, is the Group company secretary, chief financial officer and qualified accountant. Prior
to joining the Group in April 2003, Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had over thirteen years’ experience in auditing and financial accounting
industry. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is responsible for the Group’s financial, management and cost accounting, taxation, treasury and
investor relations strategy and operation. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers for over five years, and had
been the financial controller of a subsidiary of a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange for over three years.
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. XU Bi Zhong (許必忠), aged 50, is the executive vice president of the Group and is overseeing the automobile glass OEM
operations and sales. Mr. XU Bi Zhong obtained a diploma of administrative management from Shenzhen University. Prior to
joining the Group in May 2004, Mr. XU Bi Zhong worked for a float glass trading company and a float glass plant in PRC for
over twelve years.

Mr. ZHANG Ming (張明), aged 58, is the vice president of the Group and overseeing the construction of Beihai production
complex. Mr. ZHANG Ming has obtained qualification as a senior engineer. Prior to joining the Group in February 1998, Mr.
ZHANG Ming worked at a float glass plant in the PRC. Mr. ZHANG Ming graduated from Wuhan Construction Materials Institute
in 1982 with a bachelor degree in construction materials and mechanics. Mr. ZHANG obtained a master degree in business
administration from Peking University in 2010.

Mr. YANG Yi (楊逸), aged 46, is the vice president of the Group and is responsible for overseeing group administrative and
human resources operations. Mr. YANG Yi obtained a diploma of applied material from South China University of Technology.
Prior to joining the Group in July 2001, Mr. YANG Yi worked for a float glass plant in PRC for eight years.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018   21
Corporate Governance Report


The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in the management structure and internal control
procedures of the Group for the purpose of ensuring that all business activities of the Group and the decision-making process
are properly regulated and are in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. For corporate governance purpose,
the Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set forth in Appendix 14 to The Rules Governing
the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on the Stock Exchange. For corporate governance purpose, the Company has
adopted the CG Code throughout the year of 2018.

The Company has applied the principles and in the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the applicable
principles and code provisions of the CG Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2018.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

One of the responsibilities of the Board is to prevent fraud and non-compliance issues, safeguard the assets of the Group
and formulate the overall business strategies for the Group. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors, four non-
executive Directors and five independent non-executive Directors. Further information on the Directors is set forth on pages 15
to 20 of this annual report.

The four executive Directors are Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Mr. TUNG Ching Sai and Mr. LEE Shing Kan. Dr.
LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, and also the brother-in-law of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and Mr. TUNG Ching
Sai. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor is the elder brother of Mr. TUNG Ching Sai. Hence, Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee,
B.B.S., nephew of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and Mr. TUNG Ching Sai.

The four non-executive Directors are Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. LI Ching Leung and Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

The five independent non-executive Directors are Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying
Wai, G.B.S., JP., Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the Chairman of the Group and Mr. TUNG Ching Sai is the Chief Executive Officer of the Group. The
Chairman is responsible for managing and providing leadership to the Board. Dr. LEE is responsible for ensuring that the Group
has maintained strong and effective corporate governance practices and procedures. The Chief Executive Officer is responsible
for the day-to-day management of the business of the Group. With the assistance of other members of the Board and other
senior management, Mr. TUNG Ching Sai closely monitors the operating and financial results of the Group, identifies any
weakness in the operation and takes all necessary and appropriate steps to remedy such weakness. Mr. TUNG is also responsible
for formulating the future business plans and strategies of the Group for the Board’s approval.




22    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
Board Diversity Policy
The Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive directors, one independent non-executive director of which has the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related finance management expertise and the independent non-executive directors represent at
least one-third of the Board.

Where there is any casual vacancy in the Board, candidates will be proposed and put forward to the Board for consideration and
approval, with a view to appointing to the Board individuals with the appropriate capabilities to fill the casual vacancy.

Members of the Board, who come from a variety of different backgrounds, have a diverse range of business, and professional
expertise. Brief biographical particulars of the Directors, together with information relating to the relationship among them, are
set forth on pages 15 to 20 in this Annual Report.

The Board considers that its diversity is a vital asset to the business. During the year, the Board adopted a Board Diversity
Policy for better transparency and governance. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are considered against
objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural
and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.

All of the four non-executive Directors were appointed for a term of three years, commencing from 1 January 2017. Two of the
independent non-executive Directors, Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S. and Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, were appointed for a term
of three years commencing from 3 February 2017. The independent non-executive Director, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP,
was appointed for a term of three years commencing from 1 November 2017. Two of the independent non-executive Directors,
Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David, were appointed for a term of three years commencing from 31
December 2018. The Company has received written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in
respect of his independence in accordance with the independence guidelines pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors have fulfilled the independence guidelines set forth under
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018      23
Corporate Governance Report


Attendance records of the Directors at board meetings and general meetings in 2018 are as follows:

                                                                                              Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                     Annual
                                                                                                     general         Board
                                                                                                 meeting         meetings

Executive director
     LEE Yin Yee                                                                                         1/1               6/6
     TUNG Ching Bor                                                                                      1/1               6/6
     TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                      1/1               6/6
     LEE Shing Kan                                                                                       1/1               6/6

Non-executive director
     LI Ching Wai                                                                                        1/1               6/6
     LI Ching Leung                                                                                      1/1               6/6
     SZE Nang Sze                                                                                        1/1               6/6
     NG Ngan Ho                                                                                          1/1               6/6

Independent non-executive director
     LAM Kwong Siu                                                                                       0/1               5/6
     WONG Ying Wai                                                                                       0/1               5/6
     WONG Chat Chor                                                                                      0/1               5/6
     TRAN Chuen Wah, John                                                                                1/1               6/6
     TAM Wai Hung, David                                                                                 1/1               6/6

During the financial year ended 31 December 2018, the Board has held six meetings, which were held on 26 February 2018, 26
June 2018, 30 July 2018, 31 July 2018, 29 November 2018 and 20 December 2018, respectively, and all Directors had attended
these meetings. At least four Board meetings are scheduled to be held during the financial year ending 31 December 2019.

The Board is responsible for the formulation of the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, monitoring and evaluating
the operating and financial performance, the review of the corporate governance measures and supervision of the overall
management of the Group. The senior management of the Group is responsible for the implementation of the business
strategies and the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Directors have
full access to all the information of the Group in regard to the business operation and financial performance of the Group.
Senior management of the Group also provides the Directors from time to time with information on business operation of the
Group.




24      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set forth
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors. Directors are reminded
of their obligations under the Model Code on a regular basis. Following specific enquiries by the Group, all Directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set forth in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31
December 2018 and up to the date of this annual report.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor
Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP, Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., and Mr. TUNG Ching Sai. The chairman of the Remuneration
Committee is Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing the terms of the remuneration packages of and
determining the award of bonuses to Directors and senior management. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange. During the year ended 31 December 2018, a meeting of the Remuneration Committee was
held on 1 June 2018 and all the committee members attended this meeting.

Pursuant to code provision B1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the
year ended 31 December 2018 is set forth below:

                                                                                                                 Number of
In the band of                                                                                                   individuals

Over HK$4,000,000                                                                                                           4
HK$2,000,001 to HK$4,000,000                                                                                                5

Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group on pages 158
to 161 in this annual report.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018    25
Corporate Governance Report


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises five independent non-executive Directors, Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S., Mr. WONG
Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP, Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David. Mr. LAM
Kwong Siu is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee assists the Board to review the financial information and reporting process, evaluate the effectiveness of
internal control systems and oversee the auditing processes of the Group. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee has held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2018
on 26 February 2018, 31 July 2018 and 30 November 2018, respectively, for reviewing the annual and interim financial results
and reports as well as the financial reporting and compliance procedures, internal control and risk management systems, scope
of work and appointment of external auditors, and all the committee members attended these meetings.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee of the Board consists of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Sai, Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S.,
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel and Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, B.B.S.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity (including the skills, knowledge
and experience) of the Board on a regular basis, assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the
Company, and make recommendations to the Board regarding the appointment, retirement and re-election of Directors. The
Nomination Committee was established on 29 October 2007 and its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the
Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The nomination committee held no meeting during the year ended 31 December
2018.




26      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
NOMINATION POLICY

When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any
existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including without limitation the
following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

–     Reputation for integrity;

–     Achieve board diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
      professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

–     Merit and contribution that candidate will bring to the Board;

–     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Listing Rules for the appointment of an independent
      non-executive Director if the proposed candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director; and

–     Able to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder
of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board.

Procedures for shareholders’ nomination of any proposed candidate for election as a director are stated in “Mechanisms available
for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company” and disclosed in the Company’s website.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2018 have been reviewed by the
audit committee and audited by the external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Directors acknowledge that it is their
responsibilities in (i) overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Group with a view to ensure that such financial
statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group, and (ii) selecting suitable accounting policies, applying
the selected accounting policies consistently, and making prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates for the preparation
of the financial statements of the Group.

The statement of the auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements of the Group
is set forth in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 48 to 52 of this annual report.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018       27
Corporate Governance Report


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

For the year under review, the professional fees charged by the auditors of the group companies in respect of the auditing
services is disclosed in the notes to the financial statements. The remuneration paid to the auditor of the Group is solely for audit
of consolidated financial statements of the Group during the year, which amounted to approximately HK$4.0 million.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of risk management and internal control
so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the operations of the Group in achieving the established corporate objectives,
safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives of the Group.

The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

–     Well-defined organisational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting lines and
      responsibilities to minimise risk of errors and abuse;

–     Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major functions and
      operations;

–     Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained staff;

–     Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date business and financial
      reporting, immediate corrective actions are taken where necessary; and

–     Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of
risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018.

A risk-based approach is adopted to ensure that a methodical coverage of the Group’s operations and resources are focused
on high risk areas. The internal audit team takes the lead to evaluate the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group by reviewing the major operations of the Group on a rotational basis every year. The review covers all material controls
including financial, operational, compliance controls and risk management. Review results and recommendations in the form
of written reports are submitted to the Audit Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the
internal audit team to ensure that findings previously identified have been properly resolved.

Based on the results of the internal control review for the year ended 31 December 2018 and the assessment of the Audit
Committee thereon, no significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is
satisfied that appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for the year ended
31 December 2018.




28    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY

The Company has established an inside information policy which contains the guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant
employees (likely possessing the unpublished inside information) of the Group to ensure that the inside information of the
Group is to be disseminated to public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and regulation.


DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

We provide to all the Directors a comprehensive induction package which includes introduction on the business operations,
internal procedures and general policy of the Company and a summary of statutory and regulatory obligations of directors
under the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. During the year, the Directors are provided with regular updates
on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge their duties. The Directors are also encouraged to attend both in-house training and training provided
by independent service providers. During the period under review, all Directors participated in various trainings organised by the
Company, including the “Disclosure Obligation for Listed Companies and Officers” and “Update on the requirements
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Ordinance”. According to the training records maintained by the Company, each Director has confirmed that he has obtained
reading and training materials during the year under review and has attended the trainings in relation to various aspects,
including but not limited to, director’s duties, update on Listing Rules amendments and corporate governance practices.


COMPANY SECRETARY

The company secretary is Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. LAU is also the chief financial officer of the Company.
He assists the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the policy and procedures of the Board are
followed. He has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in 2018, in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the
Listing Rules.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018      29
Corporate Governance Report


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company endeavours to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective communications with its shareholders
and investors. In an effort to facilitate and enhance the relationships and communication, the Company has established the
following channels:

(i)     the Annual General Meeting provides a forum for the Shareholders of the Company to raise comments and exchange
        views with the Board. The Directors are available at the Annual General Meetings of the Company to address shareholders’
        queries;

(ii)    the Company maintains a website at www.xinyiglass.com, where updated key information/news of the Group is available
        for public access;

(iii)   interim and annual results are announced as early as possible, to keep the Shareholders of the Company informed of the
        Group’s performance and operations;

(iv)    investor, analyst and media briefing are held as early as practicable after the publication of the interim and annual results;

(v)     the Company’s management may meet with shareholders, potential investors and research analysts upon request and
        provide update of the latest business development of the Group and answer their queries in accordance with the Group’s
        Inside Information Policy;

(vi)    shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal
        place of business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary or via e-mail to “ir@xinyiglass.com”; and

(vii)   shareholders may direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s Hong Kong Share Registrar,
        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.




30      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO CONVENE A SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING

Pursuant to Article 64 of the articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company, an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”)
shall also be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not
less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such requisition shall
be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the Company for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called
by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months
after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the
requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s)
as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


INVESTORS RELATIONS

A printed copy of the memorandum and articles of association of the Company has been published on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange. There has been no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year
ended 31 December 2018.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018    31
Report of the Directors


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
31 December 2018.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding whereas its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the production
and sales of float glass products, automobile glass products, construction glass products and a variety of related products in
the PRC and Malaysia. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in Note 11 to the consolidated financial
statements of the Group in this annual report.

The analysis of the Group’s performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 by operating segments is set forth in
Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2018 are set forth in the consolidated income statement on
page 55 in this annual report. During the financial year, an interim dividend of 25.0 HK cents per Share, amounting to a total of
approximately HK$999.6 million of cash dividend, was paid to shareholders on 4 September 2018.

The Board proposes the payment of a final dividend of 27.0 HK cents per Share to Shareholders whose names appear on the
register of members of the Company at the close of business on Thursday, 23 May 2019. Subject to approval by Shareholders at
the Annual General Meeting, the final dividend will be paid on or about Wednesday 3 July 2019.

The register of members of the Company will be closed for the purpose of determining the entitlements to attend and vote
at the Annual General Meeting from Thursday, 9 May 2019 to Wednesday, 15 May 2019, both days inclusive, during which
period, no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote at the Annual General
Meeting, all Share certificates with completed transfer forms either overleaf or separately, must be lodged with the Company’s
branch share registrars and transfer office in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Rooms 1712-
1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre,183 Queen’s Road East, Hong Kong, no later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 8 May 2019.

The register of members will be closed from Tuesday, 21 May 2019 to Thursday, 23 May 2019 (both days inclusive), during such
period no transfer of the Shares will be registered for the purpose in order to determine the entitlement to receive the proposed
Final Dividend. All transfer of the Shares accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Registrar at
Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, no later than 4:30 p.m. on
Monday, 20 May 2019 for such purpose.


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

A business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 and its future development is set out in the Chairman's
Statement from pages 4 to 8 and Management Discussion and Analysis from pages 9 to 14 of this annual report.




32    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the financial year are set forth in Note 19 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During year under review and to the best knowledge of the Company’s directors, the Group had obtained and completed all
material licenses, certifications, permits and registration necessary for its business operations, and that the Group had complied
in all material aspects with all laws, rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group’s float glass production may generate air pollutants, waste water and other industrial waste at different stages of the
production process. To ensure compliance with the applicable PRC environmental protection laws and regulations, the Group
has implemented the following environmental protection measures:

—    Energy – Natural gas has been used as the principal energy source for the Group’s glass melting furnaces.

—    Power generation from residual heat – The Group’s float glass production plants have used the residual heat generated in
      the production processes for electricity generation.

—    Glass recycling – Scraped and unused glass produced during the production process have been recycled to the glass
      melting furnaces for production of float glass products.

Over the past few years, the Group has invested in one wind farm project and several small solar farm projects inside the
production complexes, which can help to improve air quality and the environment by reducing the consumption of fossil fuels
and emission of carbon dioxide.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Group is in the process of preparing its ESG report for the year ended 31 December 2018 and will publish it on the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange’s website and the Company’s website upon completion of preparation for ESG report.


RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES

The Group values relationships with, and have been maintaining good relationships with its customers, raw material and
equipment suppliers, logistics service providers and the employees of the Group. During the year ended 31 December 2018,
there were no material dispute between the Group and its customers, suppliers and employees.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018      33
Report of the Directors


PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINIES

The business performance of the Group is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties:


Float glass business
—     The levels of demand and supply of float glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and are generally affected by
      construction and building materials industries, the overall macroeconomic factors in the principal property market, and the
      production capacity of other float glass manufacturers.

—     The Group may not be able to adjust its production levels promptly in response to the changing market environment and
      as a result, any unbalance between the demand and supply of float glass could create significant pressure on the selling
      prices.

—     As a float glass manufacturer, the Group follows the technology development which may cause demand for its float glass
      products to be reduced significantly.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The PRC environmental policies on air emission would affect the industry capacity and production costs.


Automobile glass business
—     The international trade war or anti-dumping tax would affect the overseas sales.

—     The fluctuation of USD exchange rate would affect the overseas demand.

—     The international oil price would affect the transportation cost.


Architectural glass business
—     The PRC property and financial policies would affect the demand of the architectural glass.

—     The levels of demand and supply of architectural glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and generally affected by
      the property and building industries.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

All of the above factors could adversely and materially affect the Group’s operating results and profitability.

Details of the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange and other financial risks are set out in the section headed “Treasury Policies
and Exposure to Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates” in the Management Discussion and Analysis on page 14 and section
headed “Financial Risk Management” in the Consolidated Financial Statements from page 88 to 96 of this Annual Report.




34    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the operating results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set forth in the
section headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report.


INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Details of this movement in investment properties of the Group during the year are set forth in Note 8 to the consolidated
financial statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year under review are set forth in Note 7 to
the consolidated financial statements.


DONATIONS

Donations by the Group for charitable and other purposes during the financial year amounted to HK$6,897,000 (2017:
HK$1,904,000).


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year under review are set forth in Note 18 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, as at 31 December 2018, Share premium amounting to HK$249.8 million
(2017: HK$534.2 million) was distributable to Shareholders, subject to the condition that immediately following the date on
which the distribution or dividend is proposed to be made, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary
course of business.

As at 31 December 2018, the Company had distributable reserves available for distribution to Shareholders amounting to
HK$149.5 million (2017: HK$106.8 million) other than mentioned above.




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018        35
Report of the Directors


DIVIDEND POLICY

In considering the payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and strike a proper balance between future business growth and rewarding the Shareholders of the Company.

Provided that the daily working capital needs of the Group can be satisfied and funding has been reserved for future
development, the Company intends to maintain a relatively stable dividend distribution ratio. However, the Company’s dividend
distribution record in the past does not necessarily imply that the same level of dividends may be declared or paid by the
Company in the future.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall take into account the financial performance and cash flow situation of the
Group, future expansion plans and capital requirements, interests of Shareholders, contractual restrictions on payment of
dividends, taxation considerations, statutory and regulatory restrictions, general economic conditions, business cycle of the
Group’s business and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

The Company may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate.
Any dividend unclaimed shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Company’s Memorandum
and Articles of Association.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of this annual report were:


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (Chairman)
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (Vice Chairman)
Mr. TUNG Ching Sai (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. LEE Shing Kan


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai
Mr. SZE Nang Sze
Mr. LI Ching Leung
Mr. NG Ngan Ho




36    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, S.B.S.
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP
Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John
Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David

In accordance with article 108 of the Company’s articles of association (the “Articles”), Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Mr. TUNG Ching
Sai, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. LI Ching Leung and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David will retire by rotation and being eligible, will offer
themselves for re-election at the Annual General Meeting.


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”).
The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


DIRECTORS‘ SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting has entered or has
proposed to enter into any service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which is not determinable
by the Company within one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS‘ REMUNERATION

The Company‘s policies concerning remuneration of the executive Directors are:

(i)     the amount of remuneration is determined on the basis of the relevant executive Director‘s experience, responsibility,
        workload and the time devoted to the Group;

(ii)    non-cash benefits may be provided to the executive Directors under their remuneration package;

(iii)   the executive Directors may be granted, at the discretion of the board of Directors, options pursuant to the share option
        scheme, as part of their remuneration package; and

(iv)    annual director fee of HK$300,000 for the year ended 31 December 2018, and HK$300,000 for the year ending 31
        December 2019.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each non-executive Director in 2018, none of the non-executive Directors
receives any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature) from the Group.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each independent non-executive Director in 2018, none of the independent
non-executive Directors receives any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature)
from the Group. Such emoluments were determined with reference to the duties and responsibilities of Mr. LAM Kwong Siu,
S.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP, Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung,
David and their mutual agreement with the Company.


                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018    37
Report of the Directors


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS

No contracts, transactions and arrangements of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
financial year or at any time during the financial year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the financial year.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The share option scheme (“Old Share Option Scheme”) adopted by the Company on 18 January 2005, being valid for a period
of 10 years from the date of adoption, expired on 17 January 2015. Pursuant to the EGM of the Company held on 15 January
2015, a new share option scheme (the “Share Option Scheme”) was approved and adopted.

The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to, rewarding,
remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the participants (as defined below) and for such other purposes as the
Directors may approve from time to time.

For the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, participants (the “Participants”) include (i) any employees (whether full-time or
part-time) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, associated companies, jointly controlled entities and related companies
from time to time (collectively, the “Extended Group”); (ii) any directors (whether executive directors or non-executive directors
or independent non-executive directors) of the Extended Group; (iii) customers of the Extended Group or any of the subsidiaries
or associated companies of such customers; and (iv) any consultants, professionals and other advisers to each member of the
Extended Group.

The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% (the “Scheme Mandate
Limit”) of the total number of Shares in issue as of 18 January 2015.

The Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit such that the
total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and other share option
schemes of the Company in issue shall not exceed 10% (the “Refreshed Limit”) of the issued share capital of the Company on
the date the refreshment of such limit is approved.




38    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
Notwithstanding the above, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall
not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the Share Option
Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company if this will result in the aforesaid 30% limit being exceeded.

Unless with the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting, the maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued upon
the exercise of the options granted to each Participant (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the Share
Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares
in issue.

An option must be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to be
determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee, which period may commence from the date on which the offer for
the grant of the option is made, but shall end in any event not later than 10 years from the date on which the offer for the
grant of the option is made, subject to the provisions for early termination thereof. An option may be accepted by a Participant
within 30 days from the date of the offer for the grant of the option and the amount payable on acceptance of the grant of an
option is HK$1.

Unless otherwise determined by the Directors and stated in the offer for the grant of options to a grantee, there is neither any
performance target that needs to be achieved by a grantee before an option can be exercised nor any minimum period for
which an option must be held before it can be exercised.

The subscription price in respect of each Share issued under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price solely determined by the
Directors but shall not be less than the highest of:

(a)   the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of grant,
      which must be a day (excluding a Saturday and Sunday) on which banks are generally open for business in Hong Kong (the
      “Business Day”);

(b)   the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five Business
      Days immediately preceding the date of the grant; and

(c)   the nominal value of a Share.

The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing from 18 January 2015.

Pursuant to the Old Share Option Scheme and the Share Option Scheme, several tranches of options were granted to employees
of the Group, the details of the effective tranches are set forth as follows:

In March 2011, the sixth tranche of 23,718,000 options was granted to employees of the Group (of which 736,000 options
have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company). 6,566,000
options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$6.44 per Share and the option holders may exercise the options
between 1 April 2014 and 31 March 2015, provided that the holders are employees of the Group during the exercise period.
Options which have not been exercised by the holders were expired on 31 March 2015.




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018   39
Report of the Directors


In May 2012, the seventh tranche of 26,250,000 options was granted to employees of the Group (of which 736,000 options
have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company). 6,909,000
options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$4.34 per Share and the option holders may exercise the options
between 1 April 2015 and 31 March 2016, provided that the holders are employees of the Group during the exercise period.
Options which have not been exercised by the holders were expired on 31 March 2016.

In April 2013, the eighth tranche of 26,500,000 options was granted to employees of the Group (of which 736,000 options
have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company). A total of
6,341,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$5.55 per Share and the option holders may exercise
the options between 1 April 2016 and 31 March 2017, provided that the holders are employees of the Group during the
exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2017 shall lapse.

In February 2014, the ninth tranche of 26,000,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group (of which 736,000
options have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company). A
total of 5,224,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$6.84 per Share and the option holders may
exercise the options between 1 April 2017 and 31 March 2018, provided that the holders are employees of the Group during
the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2018 shall lapse.

In March 2015, the tenth tranche of 28,000,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group (of which 736,000
options have been granted to connected persons of the Company, being directors of certain subsidiaries of the Company). A
total of 6,220,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$4.55 per Share and the option holders may
exercise the options between 1 April 2018 and 31 March 2019, provided that the holders are employees of the Group during
the exercise period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2019 shall lapse.

In March 2016, the eleventh tranche of 28,500,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group and none of the
grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company nor an associate of any of them. A total of
3,112,500 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$4.81 per Share and the option holders may exercise
the options between 1 April 2019 to 31 March 2020, provided that the holders are employees of the Group during the exercise
period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2020 shall lapse.

In March 2017, the twelfth tranche of 29,264,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group and none of the
grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company nor an associate of any of them. A total of
2,199,000 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$7.28 per Share and the option holders may exercise
the options between 1 April 2020 to 31 March 2021, provided that the holders are employees of the Group during the exercise
period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2021 shall lapse.

In February 2018, the thirteenth tranche of 29,600,000 options has been granted to employees of the Group and none of the
grantees is a Director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company nor an associate of any of them. A total of
402,500 options have lapsed. The exercise price of these options is HK$11.74 per Share and the option holders may exercise
the options between 1 April 2021 to 31 March 2022, provided that the holders are employees of the Group during the exercise
period. Options which have not been exercised by the holders on or before 31 March 2022 shall lapse.


BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of Directors and senior management are set forth on pages 15 to 21 of this annual report.


40   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’ S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS

As at 31 December 2018, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
the underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to
section 352 of the SFO; or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Divisions 7 and 8 of
Part XV of the SFO (including interest or short positions which the Directors or the chief executive were taken or deemed to have
under such provisions) and the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies (the “Model Code”)
contained in the Listing Rules, were as follows:


INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY

Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                           percentage of the
                                                                                             Number of      Company’s issued
Name of Directors                 Nature of interest                                        Shares held          share capital

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.           Interest of a controlled corporation (Note a)             725,209,552                18.16%
                                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note m)              29,574,000                 0.74%
                                  Personal interest (Note b)                                129,380,000                 3.24%
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note c)             266,766,456                 6.68%
                                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note m)              29,574,000                 0.74%
                                  Personal interest (Note d)                                 38,086,000                 0.95%
Mr. TUNG Ching Sai                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note e)             246,932,579                 6.18%
                                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note m)              29,574,000                 0.74%
                                  Personal interest                                           2,908,000                 0.07%
                                  Personal interest (Note f)                                126,512,000                 3.17%
Mr. LI Ching Wai                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note g)             116,580,868                 2.92%
                                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note m)              29,574,000                 0.74%
                                  Personal interest                                           3,000,000                 0.08%
Mr. SZE Nang Sze                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note h)             105,630,781                 2.65%
                                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note m)              29,574,000                 0.74%
                                  Personal interest                                          11,490,000                 0.19%
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                    Interest of a controlled corporation (Note i)              77,853,912                 1.95%
                                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note m)              29,574,000                 0.74%
                                  Personal interest                                           3,100,000                 0.08%
Mr. LI Ching Leung                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note j)              77,853,911                 1.95%
                                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note m)              29,574,000                 0.74%
                                  Personal interest                                           5,494,000                 0.14%
                                  Personal interest (Note k)                                    400,000                 0.01%
Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John          Personal interest                                               10,000               0.001%
                                  Personal interest (Note l)                                    140,000                0.004%
                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018     41
Report of the Directors


Notes:

(a)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee’s interests in the Shares are held through Realbest Investment Limited (“Realbest”), a company incorporated in the BVI
         with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee.

(b)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(c)      Mr. TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through High Park Technology Limited (“High Park”), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Bor.

(d)      Mr. TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam KUNG Sau Wai.

(e)      Mr. TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through Copark Investment Limited (“Copark”), a company incorporated in the BVI
         with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Sai.

(f)      Mr. TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam SZE Tang Hung.

(g)      Mr. LI Ching Wai’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldbo International Limited (“Goldbo”), a company incorporated in the BVI
         with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(h)      Mr. SZE Nang Sze’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldpine Limited (“Goldpine”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(i)      Mr. NG Ngan Ho’s interests in the Shares are held through Linkall Investment Limited (“Linkall”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(j)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through Herosmart Holdings Limited (“Herosmart”), a company incorporated in the
         BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(k)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam DY Maria Lumin.

(l)      Mr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John’s interest in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam LAM Ying.

(m)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang Holdings Limited (“Full Guang”), a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability on 19 December 2005. Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. as to 33.98%, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Mr.
         TUNG Ching Sai as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai. as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. LI Man
         Yin as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.


INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

                                                                                                        Class and
                                                                                         number of shares held                 Approximate
                                                                                              in the associated                shareholding
Name of associated corporation                  Name of Director                                     corporation                 percentage

Realbest (Note n)                               Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                          2 ordinary shares                      100%
High Park (Note o)                              Mr. TUNG Ching Bor                               2 ordinary shares                      100%
Copark (Note p)                                 Mr. TUNG Ching Sai                               2 ordinary shares                      100%
Goldbo (Note q)                                 Mr. LI Ching Wai                                 2 ordinary shares                      100%
Linkall (Note r)                                Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                   2 ordinary shares                      100%
Goldpine (Note s)                               Mr. SZE Nang Sze                                 2 ordinary shares                      100%
Herosmart (Note t)                              Mr. LI Ching Leung                               2 ordinary shares                      100%


42       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
Notes :

(n)       Realbest is wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(o)       High Park is wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Bor.

(p)       Copark is wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Sai.

(q)       Goldbo is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(r)       Linkall is wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(s)       Goldpine is wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(t)       Herosmart is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2018, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive of
the Company had or was deemed under the SFO to have any interests or short positions in any of the Shares or the underlying
share and debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
was required to be recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as
otherwise required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO or to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITION IN THE SHARE CAPITAL OF
THE COMPANY

As at 31 December 2018, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than Directors and chief executive of the
Company, in the Shares and the underlying Shares of the Company, as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3
of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO,
were as follows:


The Company
Long position in the Shares


                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                                       percentage of the
                                                             Number of                                                  Company’s issued
Name of Substantial Shareholders                            Shares held                        Nature of interest             share capital

Realbest                                                    725,209,552          Registered and beneficial owner                    18.16%
High Park                                                   266,766,456          Registered and beneficial owner                     6.68%
Copark                                                      246,932,579          Registered and beneficial owner                     6.18%
Telerich Investment Limited (Note)                          251,595,089          Registered and beneficial owner                     6.30%


Note: These Shares are registered in the name of Telerich Investment Limited, the entire issued share capital of which is beneficially owned by
          Mr. LEE Sing Din, brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.




                                                                                XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018           43
Report of the Directors


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS IN SHARE CAPITAL OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE
COMPANY

As at 31 December 2018, the persons who are, directly or indirectly, interested in 10% or more of the nominal value of any
class of share capital carrying rights to vote in all circumstances at general meetings of any other member of the Group (other
than the Company) were as follows:


                                                                                         Class and number of
                                                                                            shares held in the           Approximate
Name of subsidiary of                                                                             subsidiary of          shareholding
the Company                                  Name of shareholder                                 the Company               percentage

Xinyi Auto Glass (North America)             Provision Holdings Limited (Note a)                 30,000 class A                  30.0%
      Corporation                                                                               common shares
Xinyi Glass (Germany) Limited                Mr. Wolfgang Walter WILLNAT (Note c)        2,500 common shares                     25.0%
                                             Polaron International Inc.                  1,250 common shares                     12.5%
Xinyi Glass Japan Company Limited            Provision Holdings Limited (Note a)             40 common shares                    10.0%
                                             Mr. CHO Shotie (Note b)                       140 common shares                     35.0%


Notes:

(a)      Provision Holdings Limited is 100% owned by Mr. Geraldo Henri TAM. Mr. Geraldo Henri TAM is a director of Xinyi Auto Glass (North
         America) Corporation and Xinyi Glass Japan Company Limited.

(b)      Mr. CHO Shotie is a director of Xinyi Glass Japan Company Limited.

(c)      Mr. Wolfgang Walter WILLNAT is director of Xinyi Glass (Germany) Limited.

Save as disclosed herein, the Directors are not aware of any persons who were directly or indirectly interested in 10% or more of
the Shares then in issue, or equity interest in any member of the Group representing 10% or more of the equity interest in such
company, or who had any interests or short positions in the Shares and underlying shares which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As at 31 December 2018, none of the Directors and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any controlling
shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules), if any, of the Company had any interest in a business, which competes or may
compete with the business of the Group.




44       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2018, appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities
arising out of activities of the Group has been arranged by the Company. As of the date of this annual report, such insurance
covering remained effective.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate and
neither the Directors or the chief executive, nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe
for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentage of sales and purchases for continuing operation for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers and
suppliers are as follows:


Sales
– the largest customer                                                                                                        3.9%
– five largest customers in aggregate                                                                                         8.6%


Purchases
– the largest supplier                                                                                                        13.6%
– five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                                         28.1%

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any interest in the share capital of the Group’s five largest
customers and five largest suppliers.


BANK BORROWINGS

The total bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2018 amounted to HK$9,969.4 million (2017: HK$8,466.4 million).
Particulars of the bank borrowings are set forth in Note 21 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018       45
Report of the Directors


REWARD FOR EMPLOYEES

As at 31 December 2018, we employed 11,866 employees in the PRC, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Canada and Japan. Our employees
are remunerated with monthly salary, subject to annual review and discretionary bonuses. Our employees are also entitled,
subject to eligibility, to retirement fund and provident fund and to participate in the Share Option Scheme. We place strong
emphasis on nurturing a continuous learning culture amongst the employees and implement a variety of programs to promote
training.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2018 are set forth in note 33 to the
consolidated financial statements. The related party transactions as disclosed in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements
did not constitute continuing connected transaction/connected transaction under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

Please see the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” set forth in this annual report for details of our compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established an audit committee, comprising five independent non-executive Directors, with written terms of
reference in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the audit committee are to review and
supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group and to provide comments and give advice
to the Board. The audit committee has reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company and audited consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2018.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company repurchased a total of 38,458,000 shares on the Stock Exchange. The
repurchased shares were cancelled in 2018. Accordingly, the issued share capital of the Company was reduced by the nominal
value of these shares and the premium paid on these shares upon the repurchase were charged against share premium account.
An amount equivalent to the par value of the shares cancelled was transferred from the Company’s retained earnings to the
capital redemption reserve. The table below sets forth further information of such repurchase:


                                                            Number of                                               Aggregate
                                                              Shares of     Highest price        Lowest price    consideration
Month of Repurchase                                       HK$0.10 each     per Share HK$      per Share HK$      paid HK$’000

May 2018                                                    14,090,000               11.40             10.72           154,791
June 2018                                                   18,328,000                9.38               8.87          166,589
November 2018                                                6,040,000                8.35               8.09            49,701




46    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float with at least 25% of the Shares held by the public as required
under the Listing Rules.


AUDITOR

The retiring auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers, has signified its willingness to continue in office. A resolution will be proposed at
the Annual General Meeting to re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers and to authorise the Directors to fix its remuneration.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The Annual General Meeting will be held on Wednesday, 15 May 2019, at 21/F, Rykadan Capital Tower, 135 Hoi Bun Road,
Kwun Tong, Kowloon, Hong Kong, at 10:30 a.m. The notice convening the Annual General Meeting will be published on the
website of the Stock Exchange at www.hkex.com.hk and on the website of the Company at www.xinyiglass.com, and will be
dispatched to the shareholders in due course.




On Behalf of the Board
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman


Hong Kong, 25 February 2019




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018      47
Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

WHAT WE HAVE AUDITED
The consolidated financial statements of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out
on pages 53 to 161, which comprise:

•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2018;

•     the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.


OUR OPINION
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2018, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




48    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
INDEPENDENCE
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


KEY AUDIT MATTER

Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on the matter.

Key audit matter identified in our audit is summarised as follows:

•     Impairment of trade receivables

Key Audit Matter                                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables

Refer to Notes 2.12, 4 and 16 to the consolidated financial
statements.

As at 31 December 2018, the carrying amount of trade                 We obtained, understood and evaluated management’s
receivables of the Group amounting to approximately                  provision for loss allowance assessment, including the
HK$1,315,211,000. The Group made provision for                       methodology of the assessment.
loss allowance of trade receivables of approximately
                                                                     We read the management’s assessment for loss allowance and
HK$36,953,000 based on an estimate of the recoverability of
                                                                     agreed with management’s assessment result that certain loss
these receivables.
                                                                     allowance are being made.
Provisions are made for provision for loss allowance of trade
                                                                     On a sample basis, we evaluated management’s provision for
receivables where the Group expected the balances will not be
                                                                     loss allowance assessment by checking the key information
collectible. The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables
                                                                     adopted in the provision for loss allowance assessment
requires management judgements and estimations. Where the
                                                                     to supportable evidence such as aging analysis, individual
provision for provision for loss allowance is materially different
                                                                     customer’s creditability assessment, historical payment track
from the actual debt that is not collectible, such difference
                                                                     records, correspondence on any disputes or claims with
will adversely impact the carrying amount of receivables and
                                                                     the customers and subsequent settlement records to assess
the provision for loss allowance in the period in which such
                                                                     whether management judgements involved in determining the
estimate has been changed.
                                                                     collectability of receivables are reasonable and the amount of
We focused on this area because of the significant judgements        loss allowance is made based on the estimate of recoverability.
involved in determining the collectability of Group’s trade
                                                                     Based on the above audit procedures, we found the
receivables and the amount of provision for loss allowance.
                                                                     judgements made by management in respect of the provision
                                                                     for loss allowance assessment on trade receivables to be
                                                                     supportable by available evidence.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     49
Independent Auditor’s Report


OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




50    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
      error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
      appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
      higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
      or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
      in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
      evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
      on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
      to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
      disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
      date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
      concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
      and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
      achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
      the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
      and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    51
Independent Auditor’s Report


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ho Kwok Fai.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 25 February 2019




52    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                                Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                           As at 31 December 2018
                                                                 (All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                   Note                 2018                2017

ASSETS
Non-current assets
  Leasehold lands and land use rights                                               6             3,744,185            3,426,887
  Property, plant and equipment                                                     7            13,079,442          12,929,470
  Investment properties                                                             8             1,674,495            1,204,983
  Prepayments for property, plant and equipment and land use rights                 16              191,677              299,803
  Intangible assets                                                                 9                 67,474              69,721
  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                 12                38,513                   —
  Investments in associates                                                         14            4,679,890            4,415,663
  Loans to an associate                                                             14                 1,025              26,920

                                                                                                 23,476,701          22,373,447


Current assets
  Inventories                                                                       15            1,754,514            1,697,566
  Loans to an associate                                                             14                35,833              52,421
  Trade and other receivables                                                       16            2,675,791            3,072,045
  Available-for-sale financial assets                                               12                     —              52,409
  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                            13                44,090                   —
  Pledged bank deposits                                                             17                14,133               2,526
  Fixed deposits                                                                    17                79,699               5,982
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                         17            4,598,506            3,048,604

                                                                                                  9,202,566            7,931,553


Total assets                                                                                     32,679,267          30,305,000

EQUITY
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
  Share capital                                                                     18              399,320              401,766
  Share premium                                                                     18              249,821              534,201
  Other reserves                                                                    19              938,284            2,102,235
  Retained earnings                                                                 19           17,037,302          15,199,009

                                                                                                 18,624,727          18,237,211
Non-controlling interests                                                                             77,534              68,981


Total equity                                                                                     18,702,261          18,306,192




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          53
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2018
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                                      Note           2018             2017

LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
     Bank and other borrowings                                                        21         6,874,933     6,398,683
     Deferred income tax liabilities                                                  22          417,671        335,096
     Other payables                                                                   20           81,617        108,198

                                                                                                 7,374,221     6,841,977


Current liabilities
     Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                   20         2,897,084     2,554,181
     Current income tax liabilities                                                               611,260        534,948
     Bank and other borrowings                                                        21         3,094,441     2,067,702

                                                                                                 6,602,785     5,156,831


Total liabilities                                                                               13,977,006    11,998,808


Total equity and liabilities                                                                    32,679,267    30,305,000


The financial statements on pages 53 to 161 were approved by the Board of Directors on 25 February 2019 and were signed on
its behalf.




LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                                                   TUNG Ching Bor
Chairman                                                              Vice-chairman




The notes on pages 61 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



54      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                                         Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                                              For the Year Ended 31 December 2018
                                                                  (All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                    Note                 2018                2017

Revenue                                                                              5            16,014,490          14,727,542
Cost of sales                                                                        23          (10,139,138)          (9,283,428)

Gross profit                                                                                       5,875,352            5,444,114
Other income                                                                         25              540,951              387,357
Other gains – net                                                                    26              537,456              316,881
Selling and marketing costs                                                          23              (772,266)           (675,195)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                          23            (1,634,780)         (1,369,887)

Operating profit                                                                                   4,546,713            4,103,270
Finance income                                                                       27                71,205              44,633
Finance costs                                                                        27              (213,678)           (151,133)
Share of profits of associates                                                       14              565,900              699,662

Profit before income tax                                                                           4,970,140            4,696,432
Income tax expense                                                                   28              (722,564)           (682,413)

Profit for the year                                                                                4,247,576            4,014,019

Profit attributable to:
  – equity holders of the Company                                                                  4,236,806            4,013,764
  – non-controlling interests                                                                          10,770                  255

Profit for the year                                                                                4,247,576            4,014,019

Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the
  Company during the year
  (expressed in Hong Kong cents per share)
  – Basic                                                                            29                105.71              101.14
  – Diluted                                                                          29                105.00               99.92




The notes on pages 61 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         55
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the Year Ended 31 December 2018
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                     2018         2017

Profit for the year                                                                             4,247,576     4,014,019
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
Item that will not be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
     Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                                                 (13,841)          —
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
     Changes in fair value of available-for-sale financial assets                                       —       14,458
     Currency translation differences                                                           (1,295,620)   1,549,019
     Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of investments accounted
       for using the equity method                                                               (144,246)     325,389

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         2,793,869     5,902,885

Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
     Equity holders of the Company                                                              2,783,762     5,902,005
     Non-controlling interests                                                                     10,107          880

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         2,793,869     5,902,885




The notes on pages 61 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




56      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                           For the Year Ended 31 December 2018
                                                                               (All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)



                                                                Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                     Non-
                                                             Share        Share        Other      Retained                     controlling        Total
                                                    Note    capital    premium       reserves      earnings           Total      interests       equity

Balance at 31 December 2017 and
  1 January 2018                                            401,766     534,201     2,102,235    15,199,009    18,237,211          68,981    18,306,192

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                              —            —            —      4,236,806     4,236,806          10,770     4,247,576
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair
  value through other comprehensive income           12          —            —       (13,841)           —          (13,841)           —        (13,841)
Currency translation differences                                 —            —    (1,294,957)           —     (1,294,957)           (663)   (1,295,620)
Share of other comprehensive loss of investments
  accounted for using the equity method              14          —            —      (144,246)           —       (144,246)             —       (144,246)

Total comprehensive income                                       —            —    (1,453,044)    4,236,806     2,783,762          10,107     2,793,869

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                     18(a)     1,400      82,855       (17,795)           —          66,460             —        66,460
  – value of employee services                      18(a)        —            —        32,012            —          32,012             —        32,012
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture of
     share options                                               —            —           (51)          51               —             —             —
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                       —            —            —             —               —         (1,554)       (1,554)
Repurchase and cancellation of shares               18(b)    (3,846)   (367,235)        3,846        (3,846)     (371,081)             —       (371,081)
Transfer to reserve                                 19(a)        —            —       271,081      (271,081)             —             —             —
Dividends relating to 2017                                       —            —            —     (1,124,087)   (1,124,087)             —     (1,124,087)
Dividends relating to 2018                           30          —            —            —       (999,550)     (999,550)             —       (999,550)

Total transactions with owners                               (2,446)   (284,380)      289,093    (2,398,513)   (2,396,246)         (1,554)   (2,397,800)

Balance at 31 December 2018                                 399,320     249,821       938,284    17,037,302    18,624,727          77,534    18,702,261




                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                 57
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Year Ended 31 December 2018
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)



                                                              Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                    Non-
                                                         Share         Share          Other       Retained                     controlling        Total
                                               Note     capital     premium         reserves      earnings            Total      interests       equity

Balance at 31 December 2016 and
  1 January 2017                                       389,177     1,360,624        (30,973) 11,462,103       13,180,931          65,959     13,246,890

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                         —             —              —      4,013,764         4,013,764          255      4,014,019
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of available-for-sale
  financial assets                              12          —             —          14,458             —           14,458             —        14,458
Currency translation differences                            —             —      1,548,394              —         1,548,394          625      1,549,019
Share of other comprehensive income of
  investments accounted for using
  the equity method                             14          —             —        325,389              —          325,389             —       325,389

Total comprehensive income                                  —             —      1,888,241      4,013,764         5,902,005          880      5,902,885

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                18(a)     2,874       228,545        (47,023)            —          184,396             —       184,396
  – value of employee services                 18(a)        —             —          28,441             —           28,441             —        28,441
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture
     of share options                                       —             —             (24)            24               —             —             —
Disposal of a subsidiary                                    —             —              32             —                32            —             32
Dividend paid to non-controlling interests                  —             —              —              —                —           (269)         (269)
Issue of ordinary shares related to
  conversion of the convertible bonds                    9,715       663,804        (11,481)            —          662,038             —       662,038
Redemption of convertible bonds                             —          1,860         (1,860)            —                —             —             —
Transfer to reserve                            19(a)        —             —        276,882       (276,882)               —             —             —
Dividends relating to 2016                                  —       (919,845)            —              —          (919,845)           —       (919,845)
Dividends relating to 2017                      30          —       (800,787)            —              —          (800,787)           —       (800,787)

Total transactions with owners                          12,589      (826,423)      244,967       (276,858)         (845,725)         (269)     (845,994)

Transactions with non-controlling interests
Disposal of interest in a subsidiary without
  loss of control                              11(a)        —             —              —              —                —         2,411          2,411

Balance at 31 December 2017                            401,766       534,201     2,102,235     15,199,009     18,237,211          68,981     18,306,192



The notes on pages 61 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



58      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                                 For the Year Ended 31 December 2018
                                                                     (All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                       Note                 2018                2017

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                        31(a)           5,457,715            4,282,674
Interest paid                                                                                           (258,959)           (174,343)
Income tax paid                                                                                         (555,992)           (573,589)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                                          4,642,764            3,534,742


Cash flows from investing activities
Payment for land use rights                                                                             (506,651)         (1,973,870)
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                             (1,763,155)         (1,221,551)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                               31(b)             144,234               18,577
Additions to investment property                                                                         (70,122)            (58,928)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
  other comprehensive income/available-for-sale financial assets                                               79                 429
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                                      (166,963)                  —
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                        116,637                    —
Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                                                31(c)                    —                  784
Proceeds from disposal of freehold land                                                                 124,256                    —
Addition to investment in an associate                                                  14              (175,362)           (446,375)
Dividends received from associates                                                      14              331,519              314,631
Loan repayment from an associate                                                                          38,291               6,086
(Increase)/decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                             (11,607)              2,449
Increase in fixed deposits                                                                               (73,717)              (5,982)
Interest received                                                                                         71,205              44,139

Net cash used in investing activities                                                                 (1,941,356)         (3,319,611)




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          59
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended 31 December 2018
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                   Note              2018          2017

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                   6,989,960     6,727,000
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                                    (5,486,971)   (5,190,745)
Redemption of convertible bonds                                                                         —        (91,435)
Shares repurchased and cancelled                                                                 (371,081)            —
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares by share options                                     66,460       184,396
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                                   (2,123,637)   (1,720,632)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                         (1,554)         (269)
Disposal of interest in a subsidiary without loss of control                       11(a)                —         2,411

Net cash used in financing activities                                                            (926,823)       (89,274)


Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                       1,774,585       125,857
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                          3,048,604     2,763,072
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                             (224,683)      159,675

Cash and cash equivalent at end of year                                             17          4,598,506     3,048,604




The notes on pages 61 to 161 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



60    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                   (All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) were principally engaged in the
    production and sales of float glass, automobile glass, architectural glass products, which were carried out internationally,
    through the production complexes located in Mainland China (the “PRC”) and Malaysia in 2018.

    The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate
    Information” section to the annual report.

    The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company are listed on
    The Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in thousands of units of Hong Kong dollars (HK$’000), unless
    otherwise stated. These consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 25
    February 2019.


2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
    These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
          The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and in compliance
          with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. The consolidated financial statements
          have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at fair value through other
          comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (“FVTPL”) and investment
          properties, which are measured at fair values.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting
          estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
          policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
          are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.

          During the year, the directors performed a review of the content and presentation of certain account items with
          insignificant comparative figures to ensure compliance with relevant accounting standards. As a result of this review,
          the directors considered that, for the year ended 31 December 2017, it is appropriate to reclassify HK$9,881,000
          from “finance income” to “other income”. The change in presentation of the consolidated income statement did not
          have any impact on the Group’s profit before and after income tax.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          61
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
            (a)    The following new and amended standards are mandatory for accounting periods beginning on
                   or after 1 January 2018. The adoption of these new and amended standards does not have any
                   significant impact to the results and financial position of the Group, other than those disclosed in
                   Note 2.2:


                   Annual Improvements Project           Annual Improvements 2014 – 2016 Cycle
                   HKAS 28 (Amendment)                   Investments in Associates and Joint Ventures
                   HKAS 40 (Amendment)                   Transfers of Investment Property
                   HKFRS 1 (Amendment)                   First time adoption of HKFRS
                   HKFRS 2 (Amendment)                   Classification and Measurement of Share-based
                                                           Payment Transactions
                   HKFRS 4 (Amendment)                   Insurance Contracts
                   HKFRS 9                               Financial Instruments
                   HKFRS 15                              Revenue from Contracts with Customers
                   HK (IFRIC) 22                         Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance
                                                           Consideration


            (b)    New standards and amendments to standards have been issued but are not effective for the financial
                   year beginning on 1 January 2018 and have not been early adopted:

                                                                                                               Effective for
                                                                                                         accounting periods
                                                                                                                 beginning
                                                                                                                on or after

                   Annual Improvements Project         Annual Improvements 2015-2017 Cycle                   1 January 2019
                   HKAS 19 (Amendment)                 Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement             1 January 2019
                   HKAS 28 (Amendment)                 Long-term Interests in Associates and                 1 January 2019
                                                          Joint Ventures
                   HKFRS 9 (Amendment)                 Prepayment Features with Negative                     1 January 2019
                                                          Compensation
                   HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                Sale or Contribution of Assets between an           To be determined
                     (Amendments)                         Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture
                   HKFRS 16                            Leases                                                1 January 2019
                   HKFRS 17                            Insurance Contract                                    1 January 2021
                   HK (IFRIC) 23                       Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments                1 January 2019
                   Conceptual Framework for            Revised Conceptual Framework for                      1 January 2020
                     Financial Reporting 2018             Financial Reporting




62    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
        HKFRS 16 “Leases”
        HKFRS 16 was issued in January 2016. It will result in almost all leases being recognised on the consolidated balance
        sheet by leasees, as the distinction between operating and finance leases is removed. Under the new standard, an
        asset (the right to use the leased item) and a financial liability to pay rentals are recognised. The only exceptions are
        short-term and low-value leases.

        The Group has reviewed all of the Group’s leasing arrangements over the last year in light of the new lease
        accounting rules in HKFRS 16. The standard will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases.

        As at the reporting date, the Group had non-cancellable operating lease commitments of HK$78,000 (Note 32).
        These commitments relate to short-term leases which will be recognised on a straight-line basis as expense in the
        consolidated income statement.

        The Group does not foresee any material impact on the net profit of the Group as a result of adoption of HKFRS 16.

        HKFRS 16 substantially carries forward the lessor accounting requirements in HKAS 17. The Group does not expect
        any significant impact on the financial statements. However, some additional disclosures will be required from next
        year.

        The Group will apply the standard from its mandatory adoption date of 1 January 2019. The Group intends to apply
        the simplified transition approach and will not restate comparative amounts for the year prior to first adoption.

        There are no other standards that are not yet effective and that would be expected to have a material impact on the
        entity in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable future transactions.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       63
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES
            The following explains the impact of the adoption of HKFRS 9“Financial Instruments” and HKFRS 15 “Revenue from
            Contracts with Customers” on the Group’s consolidated financial statements and also discloses the new accounting
            policies that have been applied from 1 January 2018, where they are different to those applied in prior years.


            (a)    Impact on the consolidated financial statements
                   The Group elects to adopt HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15 without restating comparatives. The reclassification and
                   the adjustments arising from the adoption of HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15 are therefore not reflected in the
                   consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2017, but are recognised in the opening of the consolidated
                   balance sheet on 1 January 2018.

                   The following tables show the adjustments recognised for each individual line item. Line items that were not
                   affected by the changes have not been included. As a result, the sub-totals and totals disclosed cannot be
                   recalculated from the numbers provided. The adjustments are explained in more detail below.

                                                               31 Dec 2017
                                                               As originally                                    1 January 2018
                   Consolidated balance sheet                     presented     HKFRS 15            HKFRS 9           Restated
                   (extract)                                          HK$’000    HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

                   Current assets
                   Financial assets at FVOCI                               —            —             52,409             52,409
                   Available-for-sale financial assets                 52,409           —            (52,409)                —
                   Current liabilities
                   Other payables                                     310,575    (310,575)                 —                 —
                   Contract liabilities                                    —      310,575                  —           310,575




64    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

       (b)   HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments”

             HKFRS 9 replaces the provisions of HKAS 39 that relate to the recognition, classification and measurement of
             financial assets and financial liabilities, derecognition of financial instruments, impairment of financial assets
             and hedge accounting.

             The adoption of HKFRS 9 “Financial Instruments” from 1 January 2018 resulted in changes in accounting
             policies and adjustments to the amounts recognised in the consolidated financial statements. The new
             accounting policies are sent out in Notes 2.12.


             (i)   Classification and measurement
                   On 1 January 2018 (the date of initial application of HKFRS 9), the Group’s management has assessed
                   which business models apply to the financial assets held by the Group and has classified its financial
                   instruments into the appropriate HKFRS 9 categories. The main effects resulting from this reclassification
                   are as follows:

                                                                                      Financial assets   Available-for-sale
                   Financial assets – 1 January 2018                                         at FVOCI       financial assets

                   Closing balance 31 December 2017 – HKAS 39                                       —                 52,409
                   Reclassify non-trading equities from available-for-sale
                     financial assets to Financial assets at FVOCI                             52,409                (52,409)

                   Opening balance 1 January 2018 – HKFRS 9                                    52,409                      —


                   The impact of these changes on the Group’s equity is as follows:

                                                                                                FVOCI    Available-for-sale
                   Financial assets – 1 January 2018                                           reserve               reserve

                   Closing balance 31 December 2017 – HKAS 39                                       —                 14,458
                   Reclassify financial assets from available-for-sale financial
                     assets to financial assets at FVOCI                                       14,458                (14,458)

                   Opening balance – HKFRS 9                                                   14,458                      —


                   The Group elected to present in other comprehensive income changes in the fair value of all its equity
                   investments previously classified as available-for-sale financial assets, because these investments are
                   neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer. As a result, assets with
                   a fair value of HK$52,409,000 were reclassified from available-for-sale financial assets to financial assets
                   at FVOCI and fair value gains of HK$14,458,000 were reclassified from the available-for-sale reserve to
                   the FVOCI reserve on 1 January 2018.


                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    65
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            (b)    HKFRS 9 “Financial instruments” (Continued)

                   (ii)   Reclassifications of financial instruments on adoption of HKFRS 9
                          On the date of initial application, 1 January 2018, the financial instruments of the Group were as
                          follows:

                                                                  Measurement category               Carrying amount
                                                                       Original            New      Original            New
                                                                      (HKAS 39)       (HKFRS 9)     HK$’000       HK$’000

                          Non-current financial assets
                          Loans to an associate              Amortised cost       Amortised cost     26,920            26,920
                          Current financial assets
                          Loans to an associate              Amortised cost       Amortised cost     52,421            52,421
                          Available for sale financial     Available for sale             FVOCI      52,409            52,409
                            assets
                          Trade and other receivables        Amortised cost       Amortised cost   2,700,149     2,700,149
                            excluding prepayments
                          Pledged bank deposits              Amortised cost       Amortised cost      2,526             2,526
                          Fixed deposits                     Amortised cost       Amortised cost      5,982             5,982
                          Cash and cash equivalents          Amortised cost       Amortised cost   3,048,604     3,048,604

                          Non-current financial
                            liabilities
                          Bank and other borrowings          Amortised cost       Amortised cost   6,398,683     6,398,683
                          Other payables                     Amortised cost       Amortised cost    108,198        108,198

                          Current financial liabilities
                          Bank and other borrowings          Amortised cost       Amortised cost   2,067,702     2,067,702
                          Trade and other                    Amortised cost       Amortised cost   1,981,415     1,981,415
                            payables excluding
                            non-financial liabilities




66    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
       (b)   HKFRS 9 “Financial instruments” (Continued)

             (iii)   Impairment of financial assets
                     The Group has two types of financial assets that are subject to HKFRS 9’s new expected credit losses
                     model:

                     •     trade receivables

                     •     other receivables and loans to an associate

                     The Group was required to revise its impairment methodology under HKFRS 9 for each of these classes
                     of assets. The impact of the change in impairment methodology on the Group’s retained earnings and
                     equity was immaterial.

                     While pledged bank deposits, fixed deposits and cash and cash equivalents are also subject to
                     impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was also immaterial.


                     Trade receivables

                     The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measuring expected credit losses which uses a
                     lifetime expected loss allowance for all trade receivables. The resulted increase of loss allowance for trade
                     receivables on 1 January 2018 was immaterial. Note 3.1(b) provides for details about the calculation of
                     the allowance.


                     Other receivables and loans to an associate

                     Other receivables and loans to an associate at amortised cost are considered to be low risk, and therefore
                     the provision for loss allowance is determined as 12 months expected credit loss. The resulted increase
                     of loss allowance for other receivables and loans to an associate on 1 January 2018 was immaterial.
                     The loss allowance for other receivables and loans to an associate have not further increased during the
                     current reporting period.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       67
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
            (c)    HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers”
                   The Group has adopted HKFRS 15 “Revenue from Contracts with Customers” from 1 January 2018 which
                   resulted in changes in accounting policies and adjustments to the amounts recognised in the consolidated
                   financial statements. In accordance with the transition provisions in HKFRS 15, comparative figures have not
                   been restated.

                   In summary, the following adjustments were made to the amounts recognised in the consolidated balance
                   sheet at the date of initial application (1 January 2018):

                                                                                HKAS 18                                 HKFRS 15
                                                                      carrying amount                           carrying amount
                                                                          31 Dec 2017      Reclassification      1 January 2018
                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000                HK$’000

                   Other payables                                               310,575           (310,575)                     —
                   Contract liabilities                                              —             310,575               310,575


                   The Group has voluntarily changed the presentation of certain amounts in the consolidated balance sheet
                   to reflect the terminology of HKFRS 15. As such, receipt in advance from customers which was previously
                   included in trade and other payables, amounting to HK$310,575,000 as at 1 January 2018, are now
                   recognised as contract liabilities (as included in trade, other payables and contract liabilities) to reflect the
                   terminology of HKFRS 15.

                   Estimated impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2018 as a
                   result of the adoption of HKFRS 15 on 1 January 2018.

                   By comparing the amounts reported under HKFRS 15 in the Group’s consolidated financial statements, with
                   estimates of the hypothetical amounts that would have been recognised under HKAS 18 if this superseded
                   standard had continued to apply to consolidated financial statements for the year end 31 December 2018
                   instead of HKFRS 15, the impact of the adoption of HKFRS 15 on the Group’s consolidated balance sheet as
                   at 31 December 2018 would be similar to that of 1 January 2018 disclosed above. As a result of the adoption
                   of HKFRS 15, contract liabilities, rather than other payables, of HK$292,948,000 is recognised in the Group’s
                   consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2018.

                   In addition, there is no material impact of adoption of HKFRS 15 on the Group’s consolidated income
                   statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income and consolidated statement of cash flow for the
                   year ended 31 December 2018.




68    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.3 SUBSIDIARIES
        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
        an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
        has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
        consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
        control ceases.


        (a)   Business combinations

              The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether
              equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
              comprises the:

              •     fair values of the assets transferred,

              •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business,

              •     equity interests issued by the Group,

              •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

              •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

              Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
              limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-
              controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the
              non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.

              Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

              Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
              liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated
              income statement.

              If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
              held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses
              arising from such remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
              eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
              of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
              consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
              income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in
              equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.

                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     69
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.3 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

            (b)    Changes in ownership interests
                   The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                   transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                   between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests
                   in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any
                   consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the
                   Company.

                   When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control or
                   significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in
                   carrying amount recognised in the consolidated income statement. This fair value becomes the initial carrying
                   amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate or financial
                   asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity
                   are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that
                   amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to the consolidated income
                   statement or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.


            (c)    Separate financial statements
                   Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs
                   of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received
                   and receivable.

                   Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                   investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                   dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                   the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.




70    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 ASSOCIATES
       Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is
       generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are
       accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.

       Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter
       to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in the consolidated
       income statement, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other
       comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying
       amount of the investment.

       When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
       including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
       incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

       Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
       interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
       impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where
       necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

       Gains and losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

       If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share
       of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the consolidated income
       statement where appropriate.

       The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in an
       associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between
       the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount adjacent to “share of
       profits of associates” in the consolidated income statement.


    2.5 SEGMENT REPORTING
       Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
       decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
       performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors that makes strategic decisions.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     71
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.6 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
            (a)    Functional and presentation currency
                   Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
                   the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
                   financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the Company’s functional and the
                   Group’s presentation currency.


            (b)    Transactions and balances
                   Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
                   at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                   resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of
                   monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated income
                   statement.

                   Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated income statement within “Other gains -
                   net”.

                   Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency classified as FVOCI are
                   analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other
                   changes in the carrying amount of the security. Translation differences related to changes in amortised cost
                   are recognised in the consolidated income statement, and other changes in carrying amount are recognised in
                   other comprehensive income.

                   Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets and liabilities such as equities held at FVTPL are
                   recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences
                   on non-monetary financial assets such as equities classified as FVOCI are included in other comprehensive
                   income.




72    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.6 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION (Continued)
        (c)   Group companies
              The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
              hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
              translated into the presentation currency as follows:

              (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of
                      that balance sheet;

              (ii)    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                      this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                      transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                      transactions); and

              (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

              Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
              liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


    2.7 LEASEHOLD LANDS AND LAND USE RIGHTS
        Lands in the PRC are state-owned or collectively-owned with no individual land ownership right exists. The Group
        acquired the rights to use certain lands. The premiums paid for such right are treated as prepayments for operating
        leases and recorded as leasehold lands and land use rights, which are amortised over the lease period using the
        straight-line method.


    2.8 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
        Freehold land is stated at historical cost less subsequent impairment losses.

        Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less
        depreciation and impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition
        of the items.

        Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
        only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
        of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
        derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement
        during the financial period in which they are incurred.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    73
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.8 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
            Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values, over their
            estimated useful lives, as follows:

            – Buildings                                                 20-30 years
            – Plant and machinery                                       5-20 years
            – Office equipment                                          3-7 years

            The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
            period.

            Construction in progress represents buildings and plants, plant and machinery on which construction work has not
            been completed and which, upon completion, management intends to hold for production purposes. Construction
            in progress is carried at cost which includes development and construction expenditure incurred and interest
            and other direct costs attributable to the development less any accumulated impairment losses. On completion,
            construction in progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment.

            An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
            greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.11).

            Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
            recognised within “Other gains – net” in the consolidated income statement.


      2.9 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
            Investment properties, principally comprising leasehold lands and office buildings, are held for long-term rental
            yields, capital appreciation or both, and that are not occupied by the Group. They also include properties that
            are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties. Investment properties are initially
            measured at cost, including related transaction costs and interest expense capitalised. After initial recognition at cost
            investment properties are carried at fair value, representing open market value determined at each reporting date by
            external valuers. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature,
            location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group uses alternative valuation
            methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow projections. Changes in fair values are
            recorded in the consolidated income statement as part of a valuation gain or loss in “Other gains – net”.




74    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.10 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
        (a)   Goodwill

              Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the
              amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous
              equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired.

              Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
              tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
              be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an
              entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

              Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to
              those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business
              combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at
              which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments.


        (b)   Trademark, customer relationship and patent
              Trademark, customer relationship and patent acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value
              at the acquisition date. Trademark, customer relationship and patent have a finite useful life and are carried
              at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line
              method to allocate the cost of trademark, customer relationship and patent over their estimated useful lives of
              3 - 20 years.


        (c)   Capitalised exploration, evaluation and mining right expenditure
              Costs directly associated with an exploration well and exploration (researching and analysing existing
              exploration data; exploratory drilling, trenching and sampling, examining and testing extraction and treatment
              methods; obtaining legal exploration or mining rights) are capitalised until the determination of reserves is
              evaluated. If it is determined that commercial discovery has not been achieved, these costs are charged to
              expense.

              Once commercial reserves are found, exploration and evaluation assets are tested for impairment and the costs
              are amortised using the units of production method according to the proved reserves. No depreciation and/or
              amortisation is charged during the exploration and evaluation phrase.

              Capitalised exploration, evaluation and mining right expenditure are tested for impairment, when reclassified
              to development tangible or intangible assets (if appropriate), or whenever facts and circumstances indicate
              impairment. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the exploration, evaluation and mining
              right expenditure’s carrying amount exceeds their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher
              of their fair value less costs to sell and their value in use.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   75
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.11 IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS
            Assets that have an indefinite useful life, for example goodwill, are not subject to amortisation and are tested
            annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
            impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
            carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
            carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
            costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
            for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are highly independent of the cash inflows from
            other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
            impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.


      2.12 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
            (a)    Classification
                   From 1 January 2018, the Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                   •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through
                         profit or loss), and

                   •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                   The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                   contractual terms of the cash flows.

                   For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in the consolidated income statement
                   or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will
                   depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account
                   for the equity investment at FVOCI.

                   The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
                   changes.


            (b)    Recognition and derecognition
                   Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
                   commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows
                   from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all
                   the risks and rewards of ownership.




76    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.12 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
        (c)   Measurement
              At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
              not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
              costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in consolidated income statement.

              Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
              cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.


              Debt instruments
              Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
              and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
              classifies its debt instruments:

              •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                    represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from
                    these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                    loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in the consolidated income statement and presented
                    in “Other gains – net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented
                    as separate line item in the consolidated income statement.

              •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
                    where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at
                    FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for
                    the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
                    which are recognised in consolidated income statement. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                    cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity
                    to the consolidated income statement and recognised in “Other gains – net”. Interest income from these
                    financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange
                    gains and losses are presented in “Other gains – net” and impairment expenses are presented as separate
                    line item in the consolidated income statement.

              At initial recognition, an entity may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive income
              subsequent changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument within the scope of this
              Standard that is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business
              combination to which HKFRS 3 applies. If an entity makes the election, changes in fair value recognised in
              other comprehensive income will not reclassified to profit and loss.

              •     FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or
                    loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in consolidated income
                    statement and presented net within “Other gains – net” in the period in which it arises.



                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        77
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.12 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
            (c)    Measurement (Continued)
                   Equity instruments
                   The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has
                   elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is
                   no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the consolidated income statement following
                   the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in the
                   consolidated income statement as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                   Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in “Other gains – net” in the consolidated
                   income statement as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on equity investments
                   measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

                   Details on how the fair value of financial instruments is determined are disclosed in Note 3.3.


            (d)    Impairment
                   From 1 January 2018, the Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with
                   its debt instruments carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on
                   whether there has been a significant increase in credit risk.

                   For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
                   expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.


            (e)    Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017
                   The Group has applied HKFRS 9 retrospectively, but has elected not to restate comparative information. As a
                   result, the comparative information provided continues to be accounted for in accordance with the Group’s
                   previous accounting policy.


                   Classification
                   Until 31 December 2017 the Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories:

                   •     loans and receivables,

                   •     available-for-sale financial assets.

                   The classification depends on the purpose for which the financial assets were acquired. Management
                   determines the classification of its investments at initial recognition.




78    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.12 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
       (e)   Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017 (Continued)
             (i)    Loans and receivables
                    Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are
                    not quoted in an active market. If collection of the amounts is expected in one year or less they are
                    classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets. The Group’s loans and
                    receivables comprise of “loans to an associate”, “trade and other receivables”, “pledged bank deposits”,
                    “fixed deposits” and “cash and cash equivalents” in the consolidated balance sheet (Notes 2.15 and 2.16).


             (ii)   Available-for-sale financial assets
                    Investments are designated as available-for-sale financial assets if they do not have fixed maturities and
                    fixed or determinable payments, and management intends to hold them for the medium to long-term.
                    Financial assets that are not classified into any of the other categories (at FVTPL, loans and receivables or
                    held-to-maturity investments) are also included in the available-for-sale category.

                    The available-for-sale financial assets are presented as non-current assets unless they mature, or
                    management intends to dispose of them within 12 months of the end of the reporting period.

             Recognition and derecognition
             Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
             commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows
             from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all
             the risks and rewards of ownership.

             When securities classified as available-for-sale are sold, the accumulated fair value adjustments recognised in
             other comprehensive income are reclassified to the consolidated income statement as gains and losses from
             investment securities.


             Measurement
             At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
             not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
             costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in consolidated income statement.

             Loans and receivables and held-to-maturity investments are subsequently carried at amortised cost using the
             effective interest method.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        79
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.12 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
            (e)     Accounting policies applied until 31 December 2017 (Continued)
                    Measurement (Continued)
                    Available-for-sale financial assets and financial assets at FVTPL are subsequently carried at fair value. Gains or
                    losses arising from changes in the fair value are recognised as follows:

                    •     for FVTPL – in consolidated income statement within other income or other expenses

                    •     for available-for-sale financial assets that are monetary securities denominated in a foreign currency –
                          translation differences related to changes in the amortised cost of the security are recognised in the
                          consolidated income statement and other changes in the carrying amount are recognised in other
                          comprehensive income

                    •     for other monetary and non-monetary securities classified as available-for-sale – in other comprehensive
                          income

                    Dividends on available-for-sale equity instruments are recognised in the consolidated income statement as part
                    of revenue from continuing operations when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                    Interest on available-for-sale securities and loans and receivables calculated using the effective interest method
                    is recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of revenue from continuing operations.

                    Details on how the fair value of financial instruments is determined are disclosed in Note 3.3.


      2.13 OFFSETTING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
            Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount are reported in the consolidated balance sheet when the
            Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net
            basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent
            on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
            bankruptcy of the Company or counterparties.


      2.14 INVENTORIES
            Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
            method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs
            and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable
            value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs necessary to make the
            sale.




80    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
        Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold in the ordinary course of business. If collection of
        trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer),
        they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

        Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using
        the effective interest method, less provision for expected credit losses.


    2.16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
        Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly liquid
        investments with original maturities of three months or less, less pledged bank deposits.


    2.17 SHARE CAPITAL
        Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

        Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net
        of tax, from the proceeds.

        Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid,
        including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
        Company’s equity holders until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently
        reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related
        income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.


    2.18 BORROWINGS
        Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
        carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
        is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
        method.

        Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it
        is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
        occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down,
        the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
        relates.

        Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
        liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      81
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.19 BORROWINGS COSTS
            General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
            assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
            are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or
            sale.

            Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
            qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

            All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


      2.20 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
            The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
            on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
            attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

            The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated income
            statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
            equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


            (a)     Current income tax
                    The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted at
                    the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company’s subsidiaries and associates operate
                    and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with respect
                    to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation. It establishes provisions where
                    appropriate on the basis of amounts expected to be paid to the tax authorities.


            (b)     Deferred income tax
                    Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
                    the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
                    However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
                    Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                    transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
                    nor taxable profit or loss. Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted
                    or substantially enacted by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related
                    deferred income tax asset is realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.




82    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.20 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
       (b)    Deferred income tax (Continued)
              The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
              assuming the property will be recovered entirely through sale.

              Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise
              those temporary differences and losses.

              Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
              and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing of the
              reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
              future.


        (c)   Offsetting
              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
              and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
              tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on
              a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


    2.21 PROVISIONS
        Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it
        is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably
        estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
        determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
        outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures required to settle
        the obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax
        rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The
        increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.22 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
            (a)    Pension obligations

                   The Group participates in a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in
                   separate trustee-administered funds. The pension plans are generally funded by payments from employees and
                   by the relevant group companies. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays
                   fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                   contribution if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee
                   services in the current and prior periods. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                   have been paid.

                   The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
                   recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


            (b)    Employee leave entitlements
                   Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made
                   for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the
                   reporting period.

                   Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


            (c)    Profit-sharing and bonus plans
                   The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing, based on a formula that
                   takes into consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
                   Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a
                   constructive obligation.




84    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.23 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
       (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
             The Group operates a number of equity-settled, share-based compensation plans, under which the entity
             receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Group. The fair value
             of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The
             total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

             •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

             •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                   profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period);
                   and

             •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to save).

             Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options that are expected to
             vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified
             vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

             At the end of each reporting period, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected
             to vest based on the non-market vesting conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original
             estimates, if any, in the consolidated income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

             When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
             attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium when the
             options are exercised.


       (b)   Share-based payment transactions among group entities
             The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
             in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
             reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
             subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity.


    2.24 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
       These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
       which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30-90 days of recognition. Trade and
       other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting
       period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
       effective interest method.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       85
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




2     SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      2.25 FINANCIAL GUARANTEE
            Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The liability is
            initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of

            •      the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
                   Instruments; and

            •      the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
                   accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

            The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows
            between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be required
            without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.

            Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the fair
            values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


      2.26 GOVERNMENT GRANTS
            Grants from the government are recognised at their fair values where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
            will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

            Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated income statement over the
            period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

            Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are initially included in liabilities as
            deferred government grants and when such property, plant and equipment are built or purchased, the received
            government grants are netted off with cost of the related assets.


      2.27 REVENUE RECOGNITION

            The Group manufactures and sells glass products. Revenue from sales of glass products are recognised when control
            of the products has transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled
            obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have
            been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customers,
            and either the customers has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions
            have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

            Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract. No element of financing is
            deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 to 90 days, which is consistent with market practice.

            Receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration become
            unconditional and only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.




86    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.28 OPERATING LEASES (AS THE LESSEE FOR OPERATING LEASES)
        Leases in which a significant portion of the risks and rewards of ownership are retained by the lessor are classified as
        operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives received from the lessor) are charged
        to the consolidated income statement on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.


    2.29 DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
        Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial
        statements and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
        Company’s shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


    2.30 INTEREST INCOME
        Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost, (2017: loans and receivables) calculated using the effective
        interest method is recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of other income.

        Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
        management purposes (Note 27). Any other interest income is included in other income.

        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
        except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective
        interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

      3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS
            The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, and cash
            flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk, price risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
            programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on
            the Group’s financial performance.


            (a)    Market risk

                   (i)    Foreign exchange risk

                          The Group mainly operates in the PRC and Hong Kong with most of the transactions denominated and
                          settled in Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”) and HK$. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial
                          transactions, acquired assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign operations. The Group
                          manages its foreign exchange risks by performing regular reviews and arranges hedges against foreign
                          exchange exposures when considered necessary. Details of the Group’s trade and other receivables,
                          pledged bank deposits, fixed deposits, cash and bank balances, trade and other payables, and bank and
                          other borrowings are disclosed in Notes 16, 17, 20 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements.

                          As at 31 December 2018, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% (2017: 5%) against the HK$ with
                          all other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                          HK$529,000 (2017: HK$347,000) higher/lower mainly as a result of foreign exchange gains/losses on
                          translation of RMB-denominated cash and bank balances.


                   (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

                          The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly attributable to its cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits,
                          pledged bank deposits and bank and other borrowings. Financial assets and liabilities at variable rates
                          expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Financial assets and liabilities at fixed rates expose the
                          Group to fair value interest rate risk. Details of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits,
                          pledged bank deposits and bank and other borrowings have been disclosed in Notes 17 and 21 to the
                          consolidated financial statements.




88    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (a)   Market risk (Continued)

              (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)

                     As at 31 December 2018, if HK$ interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged
                     bank deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2017: 25) basis points higher/lower with all
                     other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                     HK$16,815,000 (2017: HK$14,189,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest
                     expense on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.

                     As at 31 December 2018, if RMB interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and
                     pledged bank deposits had been 25 (2017: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held
                     constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$8,813,000 (2017:
                     HK$5,556,000) higher/lower, mainly as a result of higher/lower interest income on bank deposits.

                     As at 31 December 2018, if USD interest rates on cash and bank balances and pledged bank deposits
                     had been 25 (2017: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant, profit after
                     income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$517,000 (2017: HK$371,000) higher/lower,
                     mainly as a result of higher net interest income on cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank deposits.


        (b)   Credit risk
              The Group’s credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits,
              trade and other receivables and loans to an associate. Management has a credit policy in place and the
              exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis. The carrying amounts of these balances
              represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets which are stated as
              follows:

                                                                                                    2018                2017

              Cash and cash equivalent at bank                                                4,594,729          3,045,756
              Fixed deposits (Note 17)                                                            79,699             5,982
              Pledged bank deposits (Note 17)                                                     14,133             2,526
              Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                               2,277,491          2,700,149
              Loans to an associate (Note 14)                                                     36,858            79,341

              Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                 7,002,910          5,833,754


              As at 31 December 2018 and 2017, most of the bank deposits are deposited with reputable banks in Hong
              Kong and state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of cash and bank balances has been assessed
              by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. The
              existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past.



                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

      3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
            (b)    Credit risk (Continued)
                   In respect of trade and other receivables and loans to an associate, the Group has policies in place to ensure
                   that the loans or sales of products are made to counterparties or customers with appropriate credit history and
                   the Group performs credit evaluations of these counterparties and its customers.

                   The credit period of the majority of the Group’s trade receivables is within 90 days and largely comprises
                   amounts receivable from business customers.

                   There is some concentration of credit risks of the Group (Note 16(b)).

                   In order to minimise the credit risks, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
                   determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
                   actions are taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount
                   of each individual trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision for expected credit losses are made for
                   irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

                   The Group’s significant financial assets which are subject to the new expected credit loss model include trade
                   and other receivables. The Group was required to revise its impairment methodology under HKFRS 9 for these
                   classes of financial assets.

                   While cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and pledged bank deposits are also subject to the impairment
                   requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.

                   Trade receivables

                   The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
                   expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

                   To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on aging.

                   The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 month before 31
                   December 2018 or 1 January 2018 respectively and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced
                   within this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
                   macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.




90    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
              On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2018 and 1 January 2018 (on adoption of HKFRS 9) was
              determined as follows for trade receivables:

                                                  0 – 90     91 – 180   181 – 365          1–2          Over
              31 December 2018                      days         days         days         years      2 years        Total

              Expected loss rate                     0%           0%           0%          60%         100%
              Gross carrying amount             940,454      206,186      115,030       41,167        12,374    1,315,211
              Loss allowance                          —            —            —       24,579        12,374       36,953


                                                  0 – 90     91 – 180   181 – 365          1–2          Over
              1 January 2018                        days         days         days         years      2 years        Total

              Expected loss rate                     0%           0%           0%          38%         100%
              Gross carrying amount             982,889      185,597       65,889       13,550        33,352    1,281,277
              Loss allowance                          —            —            —         5,155       33,352       38,507


              Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there
              is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a
              repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than 2
              years past due.

              Impairment losses on trade receivables and contract assets are presented as net impairment losses within
              operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
              item.

              For other financial assets at amortised cost, management considers that its credit risk has not increased
              significantly since initial recognition with reference to the counterparty historical default rate and current
              financial position. The impairment provision is determined based on the 12-month expected credit losses
              which is close to zero.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

      3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
            (b)    Credit risk (Continued)

                   Previous accounting policy for impairment of trade receivables

                   In prior year, the impairment of trade receivables was assessed based on the incurred loss model. Individual
                   receivables which were known to be uncollectible were written off by reducing the carrying amount directly.
                   The other receivables were assessed collectively to determine whether there was objective evidence that an
                   impairment had been incurred but not yet been identified. For these receivables the estimated impairment
                   losses were recognised in a separate provision for expected credit losses. The Group considered that there was
                   evidence of impairment if any of the following indicators were present:

                   •     significant financial difficulties of the debtor

                   •     probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy or financial reorganisation, and

                   •     default or late payments (more than 2 years overdue).

                   Receivables for which an impairment provision was recognised were written off against the provision when
                   there was no expectation of recovering additional cash.


            (c)    Price risk
                   The Group’s exposure to equity securities price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in
                   the consolidated balance sheet as financial assets at FVOCI (Note 12) and financial assets at FVTPL (Note 13).

                   The Group does not have formal policy to manage its price risk arising from investments in equity security.

                   With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVOCI measured at fair value
                   had been 10% higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31 December 2018
                   would increase/decrease by approximately HK$3,851,000 (2017: HK$5,241,000).

                   With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVTPL measured at fair value
                   had been 10% higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31 December 2018
                   would increase/decrease by approximately HK$4,409,000 (2017: Nil).




92    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (d)   Liquidity risk
              Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities, the availability
              of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability to close out market
              positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the Group aims to maintain flexibility in
              funding by keeping committed credit lines available.

              The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
              on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
              disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
              carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                                                Between           Between
                                                           Less than               1 and 2         2 and 5
                                                              1 year                 years           years             Total

              At 31 December 2018
              Bank borrowings and
                interest payables                         3,386,100            4,414,778         2,682,725       10,483,603
              Trade and other payables excluding
                non-financial liabilities                 2,040,590                 81,617               —         2,122,207

              Total                                       5,426,690            4,496,395         2,682,725       12,605,810



                                                                                Between           Between
                                                            Less than              1 and 2         2 and 5
                                                               1 year                years            years             Total

              At 31 December 2017
              Bank borrowings and
                interest payables                         2,257,052            2,975,362         3,608,539         8,840,953
              Trade and other payables
                excluding non-financial liabilities       1,670,840                108,198               —         1,779,038

              Total                                       3,927,892            3,083,560         3,608,539       10,619,991




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

      3.2 CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
            in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
            structure to reduce the cost of capital.

            In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group will consider the macro economic conditions,
            prevailing borrowing rate in the market and adequacy of cash flows generating from operations and may raise
            funding through capital market or bank borrowings as necessary.

            Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
            calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including “current and non-
            current borrowings” as shown in the consolidated balance sheet) less cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and
            pledged bank deposits.

            The gearing ratios at 31 December 2018 and 2017 were as follows:

                                                                                                         2018               2017

            Total bank and other borrowings (Note 21)                                               9,969,374         8,466,385
            Less: cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and pledged bank deposits
               (Note 17)                                                                           (4,692,338)        (3,057,112)

            Net debt                                                                                5,277,036         5,409,273

            Total equity                                                                          18,702,261         18,306,192

            Gearing ratio                                                                              28.2%              29.5%




94    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION
       The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have
       been defined as follows:

       •     Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

       •     Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
             directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

       •     Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level
             3).

       The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities (other than investments properties disclosed in Note 8)
       that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2018 and 2017.

                                                                 Level 1              Level 2           Level 3            Total

       At 31 December 2018
       Assets
       Financial assets at FVOCI
         – Equity securities                                      38,513                    —                —            38,513
       Financial assets at FVTPL
         – Equity securities                                      44,090                    —                —            44,090



                                                                  Level 1              Level 2          Level 3             Total

       At 31 December 2017
       Assets
       Available-for-sale financial assets
         – Equity securities                                      52,409                    —                —            52,409




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

      3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Continued)
            There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.

            The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the balance
            sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an exchange,
            dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly
            occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market prices for financial assets at FVOCI and
            FVTPL used by the Group are the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

            The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
            derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
            market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs
            required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

            If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3.

            Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

            •      Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.

            •      Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the remaining
                   financial instruments.




96    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

    Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
    expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
    seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
    adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.


    (A) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
         (i)    Useful lives
                The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its
                property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of
                these assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations
                and competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions. Management will increase the
                depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down
                technically obsolete or non- strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.


         (ii)   Impairment assessment
                Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
                indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amounts have been determined
                based on value-in-use calculations, taking into account the latest market information, past experience and the
                sustainability of the financial performance in the foreseeable future.


    (B) IMPAIRMENT OF TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
          The Group makes provision for expected credit losses of trade and other receivables based on an estimate of the
          recoverability of these receivables. Provisions are applied to trade and other receivables where events or changes
          in circumstances indicate that the balances may not be collectible. The identification of impairment of trade and
          other receivables requires the use of estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
          difference will impact the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for expected credit losses in the period in
          which such estimate has been changed.

          The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
          Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based
          on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each
          reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




4     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

      (C) CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
            The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
            the worldwide provision for income taxes and the timing of the related payments. There are many transactions and
            calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the
            final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
            impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.

            Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
            tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
            income tax liabilities of the Group mainly arise from fair value gain from investment properties and unremitted
            earnings of the PRC subsidiaries. The realisability of the deferred income tax liabilities and assets mainly depend on
            its subsidiaries’ dividend pay-out ratio and whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary differences will
            be available in the future, whichever is applicable. In cases where the actual dividend pay-out ratio is more than
            expected or future profits generated are less than expected, such difference will impact the income taxes in the
            periods in which such estimates has been changed.


      (D) FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
            Investment properties are carried at their fair values at 31 December 2018 amounting to HK$1,674,495,000 (2017:
            HK$1,204,983,000). The fair values were based on a valuation on these properties conducted by independent
            professionally qualified valuers using property valuation techniques which involve certain assumptions of market
            conditions. Favorable or unfavorable changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of
            the Group’s investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss recognised in the
            consolidated income statement. Information about the valuation of investment properties is provided in Note 8.




98    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION

    Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the executive directors that are
    used to make strategic decisions.

    The executive directors consider the business from an operational perspective. Generally, the executive directors consider
    the performance of business of each operating segment within the Group separately. Thus, each business within the
    Group is an individual operating segment.

    Among these operating segments, they are aggregated into three segments based on the products sold: (1) float glass; (2)
    automobile glass; and (3) architectural glass.

    The executive directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit. The Group
    does not allocate operating costs to its segments as this information is not reviewed by the executive directors.

    Sales between segments are carried out at terms mutually agreed by both parties. The revenue from external parties
    reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated income statement.

    The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
    December 2018 is as follows:

                                                                        Automobile Architectural
                                                          Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated           Total

    Segment revenue                                       10,390,576       4,251,854      3,338,242               —    17,980,672
    Inter-segment revenue                                 (1,966,182)              —               —              —    (1,966,182)

    Revenue from external customers (Note)                8,424,394       4,251,854       3,338,242               —    16,014,490
    Cost of sales                                         (5,693,034)    (2,385,931)     (2,060,173)              — (10,139,138)

    Gross profit                                          2,731,360       1,865,923       1,278,069               —     5,875,352

    Depreciation charge of property,
      plant and equipment (Note 23)                          698,410        115,312          97,720            5,555     916,997
    Amortisation charge
      – leasehold lands and land use rights
            (Note 23)                                         20,830           4,423           2,352         57,079       84,684
      – intangible assets (Note 23)                                —           2,215               —              —         2,215
    (Increase)/decrease in provision
      for loss allowance, net (Note 23)                            —          (2,329)          9,714              —         7,385
    Share of profits of associates (Note 14)                       —               —               —        565,900      565,900


    Note:

    The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2018 have been recognised at point in time.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




5     SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                         Assets and liabilities
                                                                                Automobile Architectural
                                                              Float glass             glass          glass Unallocated             Total

      Total assets                                           13,708,260           5,395,133    2,593,738      10,982,136      32,679,267

      Total assets included:
        Investments in associates (Note 14)                               —              —             —          4,679,890    4,679,890
        Loans to an associate (Note 14)                                   —              —             —            36,858       36,858
        Investment properties (Note 8)                                    —              —             —          1,674,495    1,674,495
      Additions to non-current assets
        (other than financial assets at FVOCI)                 1,965,450           260,593         76,128          151,019     2,453,190

      Total liabilities                                        1,692,311           769,501       165,005      11,350,189      13,977,006


      The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
      December 2017 is as follows:

                                                                                Automobile Architectural
                                                              Float glass             glass          glass   Unallocated           Total

      Segment revenue                                          9,775,908          3,910,000    2,800,632                —     16,486,540
      Inter-segment revenue                                   (1,758,998)                —             —                —     (1,758,998)

      Revenue from external customers                          8,016,910          3,910,000    2,800,632                —     14,727,542
      Cost of sales                                           (5,473,884)        (2,074,352)   (1,735,192)              —     (9,283,428)

      Gross profit                                             2,543,026          1,835,648    1,065,440                —      5,444,114

      Depreciation charge of property,
        plant and equipment (Note 23)                            613,142           103,148       123,624             5,711      845,625
      Amortisation charge
        – leasehold lands and land use rights (Note 23)           20,125             4,211          2,549           45,894       72,779
        – intangible assets (Note 23)                                     —          2,154             —                —          2,154
      (Reversal of provision for)/provision for impairment
        of trade receivables, net (Note 23)                           (8,272)          (558)        2,086               —         (6,744)
      Share of profits of associates (Note 14)                            —              —             —           699,662      699,662




100   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                        Automobile    Architectural
                                                          Float glass         glass           glass     Unallocated        Total

    Total assets                                         11,709,688      5,423,473      2,818,690       10,353,149    30,305,000

    Total assets included:
      Investments in associates (Note 14)                         —             —               —        4,415,663     4,415,663
      Loans to an associate (Note 14)                             —             —               —           79,341        79,341
      Investment properties (Note 8)                              —             —               —        1,204,983     1,204,983
    Additions to non-current assets
      (other than available-for-sale financial assets)     853,816        204,994          55,976        2,695,932     3,810,718

    Total liabilities                                     2,141,236       716,579         318,212        8,822,781    11,998,808


    A reconciliation of segment gross profit to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                          2018             2017

    Segment gross profit                                                                              5,875,352       5,444,114
    Unallocated:
      Other income                                                                                     540,951          387,357
      Other gains – net                                                                                537,456          316,881
      Selling and marketing costs                                                                      (772,266)       (675,195)
      Administrative and other operating expenses                                                  (1,634,780)        (1,369,887)
      Finance income                                                                                    71,205           44,633
      Finance costs                                                                                    (213,678)       (151,133)
      Share of profits of associates                                                                   565,900          699,662

    Profit before income tax                                                                          4,970,140       4,696,432




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




5     SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      Reportable segment assets/(liabilities) are reconciled to total assets/(liabilities) as follows:

                                                                           Assets                               Liabilities

                                                                        2018                2017               2018                2017

      Segment assets/(liabilities)                               21,697,131          19,951,851           (2,626,817)         (3,176,027)
      Unallocated:
         Leasehold lands and land use rights                      2,221,378           2,391,488                   —                   —
         Property, plant and equipment                            1,442,776           1,548,274                   —                   —
         Investment properties                                    1,674,495           1,204,983                   —                   —
         Prepayments for property,
           plant and equipment and land use rights                      1,656              6,366                  —                   —
         Available-for-sale financial assets                               —              52,409                  —                   —
         Financial assets at FVOCI                                     38,513                  —                  —                   —
         Financial assets at FVTPL                                     44,090                  —                  —                   —
         Investments in associates                                4,679,890           4,415,663                   —                   —
         Balances with associates                                      36,858             79,341                  —                   —
         Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                  465,210           346,271                   —                   —
         Cash and bank balances                                       377,270           308,354                   —                   —
         Other payables                                                    —                   —           (869,201)           (538,595)
         Current income tax liabilities                                    —                   —             (93,943)            (95,296)
         Deferred income tax liabilities                                   —                   —           (417,671)           (335,096)
         Bank and other borrowings                                         —                   —          (9,969,374)         (7,853,794)

      Total assets/(liabilities)                                 32,679,267          30,305,000          (13,977,006)     (11,998,808)


      The amounts provided to the executive directors with respect to total assets are measured in a manner consistent with
      that of the consolidated financial statements. These assets are allocated based on the operations of the segment.




102   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Breakdown of the revenue from the sales of products is as follows:

                                                                                                         2018           2017

    Sales of float glass                                                                             8,424,394     8,016,910
    Sales of automobile glass                                                                        4,251,854     3,910,000
    Sales of architectural glass                                                                     3,338,242     2,800,632

    Total                                                                                        16,014,490      14,727,542


    The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from customers located in Greater China (including Hong Kong and the PRC), North
    America and Europe whilst the Group’s business activities are conducted predominately in Greater China. An analysis of
    the Group’s sales by geographical area of its customers is as follows:

                                                                                                         2018           2017

    Greater China                                                                                11,437,932      10,774,385
    North America                                                                                    1,621,704     1,489,496
    Europe                                                                                            510,437        434,091
    Other countries                                                                                  2,444,417     2,029,570

                                                                                                 16,014,490      14,727,542


    An analysis of the Group’s non-current assets other than financial assets at FVOCI (there are no deferred income tax
    assets) by geographical area in which the assets are located is as follows:

                                                                                                         2018           2017

    Greater China                                                                                21,417,300      21,127,344
    North America                                                                                       9,786          8,802
    Malaysia                                                                                         2,011,069     1,235,211
    Other countries                                                                                        33          2,090

                                                                                                 23,438,188      22,373,447


    None of a single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2018
    (2017: None).

    Sales of goods are recognised at a point in time when a group entity has delivered products to the customer; the customer
    has accepted the products and collectibility of the related receivables is reasonably assured.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




6     LEASEHOLD LANDS AND LAND USE RIGHTS

      The Group’s interests in leasehold lands and land use rights represent prepaid operating lease payments and their net
      book amounts are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                   2018             2017

      At 1 January                                                                            3,426,887        1,121,020
      Currency translation differences                                                         (163,659)          81,296
      Additions                                                                                572,209         2,299,569
      Amortisation of prepaid operating lease payments                                          (84,684)          (72,779)
      Transfer to investment properties (Note 8)                                                 (6,568)           (2,219)

      At 31 December                                                                          3,744,185        3,426,887


      For the year ended 31 December 2018, amortisation of the Group’s land use rights amounted to HK$84,684,000 (2017:
      HK$72,779,000) were charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 23).




104   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
7   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                        Construction   Freehold                   Plant and        Office
                                         in progress      land      Buildings    machinery     equipment          Total

    At 1 January 2017
    Cost                                 1,046,779          —     3,531,555     11,532,974        63,399    16,174,707
    Accumulated depreciation                     —          —      (634,546)    (3,662,648)      (46,876)    (4,344,070)

    Net book amount                      1,046,779          —     2,897,009      7,870,326        16,523    11,830,637

    Year ended 31 December 2017
    Opening net book amount               1,046,779         —     2,897,009      7,870,326        16,523    11,830,637
    Currency translation differences         98,305         —       205,000       584,594            472       888,371
    Additions                              990,229      76,716       29,115       126,207         15,249     1,237,516
    Transfers                            (1,664,395)        —       177,958      1,485,533           904              —
    Transfer to investment properties
      (Note 8)                                   —          —        (16,928)           —             —         (16,928)
    Disposals                                    —          —         (1,798)      (33,474)         (139)       (35,411)
    Depreciation charge                          —          —      (164,394)      (790,380)      (15,836)     (970,610)
    Disposal of a subsidiary                     —          —             —         (4,105)           —          (4,105)

    Closing net book amount                470,918      76,716    3,125,962      9,238,701        17,173    12,929,470

    At 31 December 2017
    Cost                                   470,918      76,716    3,967,312     13,888,636        82,076    18,485,658
    Accumulated depreciation                     —          —      (841,350)    (4,649,935)      (64,903)    (5,556,188)

    Net book amount                        470,918      76,716    3,125,962      9,238,701        17,173    12,929,470




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




7     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                            Construction        Freehold                   Plant and        Office
                                              in progress             land   Buildings    machinery     equipment          Total

      Year ended 31 December 2018
      Opening net book amount                    470,918          76,716     3,125,962     9,238,701       17,173     12,929,470
      Currency translation differences           (14,861)               —     (146,028)     (422,390)       (1,746)     (585,025)
      Additions                                1,585,240         188,182       20,212       148,782        17,571      1,959,987
      Transfers                               (1,509,433)               —     721,392       788,041             —             —
      Transfer to investment properties
        (Note 8)                                 (26,529)               —      (50,213)           —             —        (76,742)
      Disposals                                        —        (138,062)           —        (17,330)        (118)      (155,510)
      Depreciation charge                              —                —     (162,941)     (812,603)      (17,194)     (992,738)

      Closing net book amount                    505,335         126,836     3,508,384     8,923,201       15,686     13,079,442

      At 31 December 2018
      Cost                                       505,335         126,836     4,477,832    14,135,357       94,876     19,340,236
      Accumulated depreciation                         —                —     (969,448)   (5,212,156)      (79,190)   (6,260,794)

      Net book amount                            505,335         126,836     3,508,384     8,923,201       15,686     13,079,442


      Depreciation expense of approximately HK$845,204,000 (2017: HK$789,525,000) has been charged in cost of sales and
      HK$71,793,000 (2017: HK$56,100,000) in administrative and other operating expenses and HK$342,524,000 (2017:
      HK$266,782,000) has been capitalised in inventories.

      During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounted to HK$45,281,000 (2017: HK$32,375,000) on
      qualifying assets (Note 27). Borrowing costs were capitalised at the weighted average rate of its general borrowings of
      2.62% (2017: 2.19%) per annum.




106   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
8   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                       2018               2017

    At 1 January                                                                                 1,204,983            546,709
    Currency translation differences                                                                (51,693)            42,132
    Additions                                                                                        60,523           146,285
    Fair value gains (Note 26)                                                                     377,372            450,710
    Transferred from property, plant and equipment (Note 7)                                          76,742             16,928
    Transferred from leasehold lands and land use rights (Note 6)                                     6,568              2,219

    At 31 December                                                                               1,674,495          1,204,983


    As at 31 December 2018, the Group had five (2017: four) investment properties located in the PRC and one (2017: one)
    investment property in Hong Kong. The Group obtained independent valuations from Grant Sherman Appraisal Limited for
    three investment properties located in the PRC and an investment property in Hong Kong (2017: same) and from Vigers
    Hong Kong Limited for one investment property located in the PRC (2017: none).


    Valuation processes of the Group
    The Group’s investment properties were valued at 31 December 2018 and 2017 by independent professionally qualified
    valuers who hold recognised relevant professional qualification and have recent experience in the locations and segments
    of the investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best use.

    The Group’s finance department reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuers for financial reporting
    purposes. This team reports directly to the chief financial officer and group senior management for discussions in relation
    to the valuation processes and the reasonableness of the valuation results.

    At each financial year end the Group’s finance department:

    •     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

    •     Assess property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report;

    •     Holds discussions with the independent valuer.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




8     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      Valuation processes of the Group (Continued)
      The following table analyses the investment properties carried at their fair values, by valuation method, and an investment
      property carried at cost.

                                                                                                                   2018                 2017

      Fair value hierarchy (level 3):
         – Commercial building under construction - Xiamen, the PRC                                          1,331,323            1,058,627
         – Commercial building 1 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                             49,072               52,405
         – Commercial building 3 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                           116,816                     —
         – Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                           98,487               25,045
         – Office unit - Hong Kong                                                                               75,880               65,840

                                                                                                             1,671,578            1,201,917

      At cost:
         – Commercial building 2 - Shenzhen, the PRC (Note)                                                       2,917                3,066

                                                                                                             1,674,495            1,204,983


      Note: As at 31 December 2018, the fair value of this investment property could not be reliably measured as the market for comparable
            properties was inactive due to the Group was in the process of obtaining the property ownership certificates in respect of property
            interests held. In addition, alternative for reliably measurement of fair value of the property was not available. In the opinion of
            directors, the absence of the property ownership certificate to this property interests does not impair the carrying amount to the
            Group as the Group has paid the full purchase consideration of this property interests and the probability of being evicted on the
            ground of an absence of property ownership certificates is remote.

      There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.




108   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
8   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    Valuation processes of the Group (Continued)
    Fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)

                                                   Commercial
                                                 building under    Commercial     Commercial
                                                  construction -   building 1 –   building 3 –   Office unit –
                                                       Xiamen,      Shenzhen,      Shenzhen,           Wuhu,     Office unit –
                                                        the PRC        the PRC        the PRC        the PRC      Hong Kong          Total

    At 1 January 2018                                 1,058,627         52,405             —           25,045          65,840    1,201,917
    Currency translation differences                    (48,789)        (2,543)           834          (1,046)             —       (51,544)
    Additions                                            60,523             —              —               —               —       60,523
    Transfer from property,
      plant and equipment                                    —              —              —           50,213              —       50,213
    Transfer from construction in progress                   —              —          26,529              —               —       26,529
    Transfer from leasehold lands
      and land use rights                                    —              —              —            6,568              —        6,568
    Fair value gains/(losses) (Note 26)                 260,962           (790)        89,453          17,707          10,040     377,372

    At 31 December 2018                               1,331,323         49,072        116,816          98,487          75,880    1,671,578

    Total gains/(losses) for the year included
      in the consolidated income statement
      for assets held at the end of year                260,962           (790)        89,453          17,707          10,040     377,372

    Change in unrealised gains for
      the year included in the consolidated
      income statement for assets held
      at the end of year                                260,962           (790)        89,453          17,707          10,040     377,372




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




8     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      Valuation processes of the Group (Continued)

                                                    Commercial
                                                        building
                                                          under       Commercial
                                                  construction –      Building 1 –
                                                        Xiamen,        Shenzhen,       Office unit –   Office unit –
                                                        the PRC          the PRC     Wuhu, the PRC     Hong Kong           Total

      At 1 January 2017                                433,549            48,308                 —          62,000      543,857
      Currency translation differences                   38,218            3,625                 75              —       41,918
      Additions                                        146,285                 —                 —               —      146,285
      Transfer from property,
        plant and equipment                                   —                —            16,928               —       16,928
      Transfer from leasehold lands
        and land use rights                                   —                —             2,219               —         2,219
      Fair value gains (Note 26)                        440,575               472            5,823           3,840       450,710

      At 31 December 2017                            1,058,627            52,405            25,045          65,840     1,201,917

      Total gains for the year included
        in the consolidated income statement
        for assets held at the end of year             440,575               472             5,823           3,840      450,710

      Change in unrealised gains
        for the year included
        in the consolidated income statement
        for assets held at the end of year             440,575               472             5,823           3,840      450,710




110   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
8   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
                                  Fair value at                                                Range of unobservable    Relationship of
                                 31 December                                   Unobservable    inputs (probability-     unobservable inputs to
    Description                           2018    Valuation technique(s)       inputs          weighted average)        fair value

    Commercial building              1,331,323    Based on current prices      Market value    HK$22,771 - HK$36,434    The higher the market value,
      under construction –    (2017: 1,058,627)   in an active market for      (2017: same)    per square meter         the higher the fair value
      Xiamen, the PRC                             similar properties in                        (HK$27,325 per square
                                                  the same location and                        meter)
                                                  condition and subject to                     (2017: HK$27,000 -
                                                  similar lease (2017: Based                   HK$30,400 per square
                                                  on current price in an                       meter (HK$28,679 per
                                                  active market for similar                    square meter))
                                                  properties in the same
                                                  location and condition
                                                  and subject to similar
                                                  lease and construction
                                                  costs budget)

    Commercial building 1 -            49,072     Discounted cash flows        Discount rate   5.25% per annum (2017:   The higher the discount
      Shenzhen, the PRC          (2017: 52,405)   (2017: same)                 (2017: same)    5.25% per annum)         rate, the lower the fair value

                                                                               Rental value    HK$3,075,000 –           The higher the rental value,
                                                                               (2017: same)    HK$3,759,000 per         the higher the fair value
                                                                                               annum (HK$3,075,000
                                                                                               per annum)
                                                                                               (2017: HK$3,200,000
                                                                                               – HK$3,661,000 per
                                                                                               annum (HK$3,430,000
                                                                                               per annum)

    Commercial building 3 –           116,816     Based on current price       Discount rate   5.5% per annum (2017:    The higher the discount
      Shenzhen, the PRC             (2017: N/A)   in an active market for      (2017: same)    same)                    rate, the lower the fair value
                                                  similar properties in
                                                                               Recent market   HK$38,028 – HK$43,265    The higher the market value,
                                                  the same location and
                                                                               price           per square meter         the higher the fair value
                                                  condition and subject to
                                                                               (2017: N/A)     (HK$38,028 per
                                                  similar lease (2017: N/A)
                                                                                               square meter)
                                                                                               (2017: N/A)




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




8     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      Information about fair value measurements using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3)
      (Continued)
                                     Fair value at                                                Range of unobservable    Relationship of
                                    31 December                                   Unobservable    inputs (probability-     unobservable inputs to
      Description                            2018    Valuation technique(s)       inputs          weighted average)        fair value

      Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC         98,487     Based on current price       Market value    HK$4,839 – HK$8,101      The higher the market value,
                                    (2017: 25,045)   in an active market for      (2017: Same)    per square meter         the higher the fair value
                                                     similar properties in                        (HK$7,970 per square
                                                     the same location and                        meter (2017: HK$5,085
                                                     condition and subject to                     – HK$7,866 per square
                                                     similar lease (2017: Same)                   meter (HK$6,475 per
                                                                                                  square meter))

      Office unit - Hong Kong             75,880     Based on current price       Recent market   HK$18,035 - HK$21,873    The higher the market value,
                                    (2017: 65,840)   in an active market for      price (2017:    per square feet          the higher the fair value
                                                     similar properties in        same)           (HK$20,000 per square
                                                     the same location and                        feet) (2017: HK$16,800
                                                     condition and subject to                     - HK$19,240 per square
                                                     similar lease (2017: same)                   feet (HK$18,020 per
                                                                                                  square feet))

                                                                                  Level           2% - 5% (3.5%) (2017:    The higher the level, the
                                                                                  adjustment      same)                    higher the fair value
                                                                                  (2017: same)

                                                                                  View            0% - 10% (5%) (2017:     The better the view, the
                                                                                  adjustment      same)                    higher the fair value
                                                                                  (2017: same)

      There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.




112   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
9   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                                 Capitalised
                                                                                                exploration,
                                                                                                 evaluation
                                                                                                and mining
                                                                     Customer                          right
                                         Goodwill    Trademark     relationship       Patent    expenditure         Total

    At 1 January 2017
    Cost                                  55,877        20,306          5,404         7,716           5,289       94,592
    Accumulated amortisation and
    impairment                                 —         (9,943)        (2,647)       (5,010)        (5,289)     (22,889)

    Net book amount                       55,877        10,363          2,757         2,706              —        71,703

    Year ended 31 December 2017
    Opening net book amount               55,877        10,363          2,757         2,706              —        71,703
    Currency translation differences           —               —            —           172              —              172
    Amortisation charge (Note 23)              —         (1,084)          (288)         (782)            —        (2,154)

    Closing net book amount               55,877          9,279         2,469         2,096              —        69,721

    At 31 December 2017
    Cost                                  55,877        20,306          5,404         8,294              —        89,881
    Accumulated amortisation and
      impairment                               —        (11,027)        (2,935)       (6,198)            —       (20,160)

    Net book amount                       55,877          9,279         2,469         2,096              —        69,721

    Year ended 31 December 2018
    Opening net book amount               55,877          9,279         2,469         2,096              —        69,721
    Currency translation differences           —               —            —            (32)            —              (32)
    Amortisation charge (Note 23)              —         (1,085)          (288)         (842)            —        (2,215)

    Closing net book amount               55,877          8,194         2,181         1,222              —        67,474

    At 31 December 2018
    Cost                                  55,877        20,306          5,404         7,892              —        89,479
    Accumulated amortisation and
      impairment                               —        (12,112)        (3,223)       (6,670)            —       (22,005)

    Net book amount                       55,877          8,194         2,181         1,222              —        67,474


    Amortisation charge of HK$2,215,000 (2017: HK$2,154,000) has been included in administrative and other operating
    expenses in the consolidated income statement (Note 23).

                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




9     INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

      IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR GOODWILL
      Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operating segment. For the purposes of
      impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the automobile glass operating segment.

      The recoverable amount of the automobile glass operating segment is determined based on value-in-use calculations.
      These calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-
      year period with estimated compound annual growth rate of 5.0% (2017: 5.0%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period
      are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate of 3% (2017: 2%).

      Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in costs
      and sales prices. Future cash flows are discounted at 9.8% (2017: 7.36%) per annum. The discount rate used is pre-tax
      and reflects specific risks relating to this operating segment.

      Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of goodwill to exceed the recoverable amount.


10 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                      2018              2017

      Financial assets as per consolidated balance sheet
      Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 12)                                                           38,513                 —
      Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 13)                                                           44,090                 —
      Available-for-sale financial assets (Note 12)                                                      —            52,409
      Loans to an associate (Note 14)                                                               36,858            79,341
      Trade and other receivables excluding prepayments                                          2,277,491         2,700,149
      Pledged bank deposits (Note 17)                                                               14,133             2,526
      Fixed deposits (Note 17)                                                                      79,699             5,982
      Cash and cash equivalents (Note 17)                                                        4,598,506         3,048,604

      Total                                                                                      7,089,290         5,889,011


                                                                                                      2018              2017

      31 December 2018
      Financial liabilities as per consolidated balance sheet
      Liabilities at amortised cost
      Bank and other borrowings (Note 21)                                                        9,969,374         8,466,385
      Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities                               2,122,207         1,779,038

      Total                                                                                    12,091,581        10,245,423




114   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
11 SUBSIDIARIES

   The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2018:

                                                                                                             Proportion                Proportion
                                                                                                             of ordinary Proportion    of ordinary
                                Place of                                                                          shares of ordinary   shares held
                                incorporation/                                                                   directly     shares       by non-
                                establishment         Principal          Particulars of issued/              held by the     held by   controlling
                                and kind of           activities and     registered share         Interest     Company the Group           Interest
   Name                         legal entity          place of operation capital                     held             (%)        (%)            (%)

   Kangchen Plastic (Shenzhen) The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of     Registered and           100%            —         100%              —
     Company Limited             liability company     plastic products      paid up capital
                                                       in the PRC            of RMB3,280,000

   Shenzhen Benson Automobile The PRC, limited        Manufacturing of     Registered and           100%            —         100%              —
     Glass Company Limited      liability company      automobile glass      paid up capital of
                                                       in the PRC            RMB140,403,049

   Dongguan Benson              The PRC, limited      Manufacturing of     Registered and           100%            —         100%              —
     Automobile Glass             liability company    automobile glass      paid up capital of
     Company Limited                                   in the PRC            US$22,000,000
     (Formerly known as
     “Xinyi Automobile Glass
     Company (Dongguan)
      Limited”)

   Xinyi Automobile             The PRC, limited      Manufacturing of     Registered and           100%            —         100%              —
     Glass (Shenzhen)             liability company    automobile glass      paid up capital of
     Company Limited                                   in the PRC            RMB353,807,000

   Xinyi Automobile             The PRC, limited      Manufacturing of     Registered and           100%            —         100%              —
     Parts (Dongguan)             liability company    automobile glass      paid up capital of
     Company Limited                                   in the PRC            US$23,980,000

   Xinyi Automobile Parts       The PRC, limited      Manufacturing of     Registered and           100%            —         100%              —
     (Wuhu) Company Limited       liability company    automobile glass      paid up capital of
                                                       in the PRC            US$29,800,000

   Xinyi Glass (Tianjin)        The PRC, limited      Manufacturing        Registered and           100%            —         100%              —
     Company Limited              liability company    of float glass and    paid up capital of
                                                       architectural glass   US$126,000,000
                                                       in the PRC

   Xinyi Ultra-thin Glass       The PRC, limited      Manufacturing of     Registered and           100%            —         100%              —
     (Dongguan)                   liability company    float glass           paid up capital of
     Company Limited                                   in the PRC            US$80,000,000

   Xinyi Glass Japan            Japan, limited        Trading of           Authorised and paid       55%            —          55%           45%
     Company Limited              liability company     automobile glass     up capital of
                                                        in Japan             400 common shares
                                                                             of JP¥50,000 each

                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




11 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2018: (Continued)

                                                                                                                      Proportion                Proportion
                                                                                                                      of ordinary Proportion    of ordinary
                                     Place of                                                                              shares of ordinary   shares held
                                     incorporation/                                                                       directly     shares       by non-
                                     establishment         Principal          Particulars of issued/                  held by the     held by   controlling
                                     and kind of           activities and     registered share             Interest     Company the Group           Interest
      Name                           legal entity          place of operation capital                         held             (%)        (%)            (%)

      Xinyi Auto Glass               Canada, limited       Trading of              Authorised and             70%            —          70%           30%
        (North America)                liability company     automobile glass        paid up capital of
        Corporation                                          in Canada               100,000 common
                                                                                     shares of
                                                                                     CAD0.1 each

      Xinyi Group (Glass)            Hong Kong,            Investment holding      1,000 ordinary shares    100%             —         100%              —
         Company Limited               limited liability     and trading in
                                       company               Hong Kong

      Xinyi International            Hong Kong,            Investment holding      10,000 ordinary          100%             —         100%              —
        Investments Limited            limited liability     and trading in          shares
                                       company               Hong Kong

      Xinyi Automobile Glass (BVI)   The British Virgin    Investment holding      Authorised and           100%          100%         100%              —
        Company Limited                Islands, limited      in Hong Kong            paid up capital of
                                       liability company                             55,000 ordinary
                                                                                     shares of US$1 each

      Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu)      The PRC,              Manufacturing           Registered and           100%             —         100%              —
        Company Limited                limited liability     of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                       company               architectural glass     US$58,500,000
                                                             in the PRC

      Xinyi Glass (Jiangmen)         The PRC,              Manufacturing of        Registered and           100%             —         100%              —
        Company Limited                limited liability     float glass in          paid up capital of
                                       company               the PRC                 US$180,800,000

      Xinyi Glass Engineering        The PRC,              Manufacturing of        Registered and           100%             —         100%              —
        (Dongguan) Company             limited liability     architectural glass     paid up capital of
        Limited                        company               in the PRC              US$60,000,000




116   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
11 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2018: (Continued)

                                                                                                                      Proportion                Proportion
                                                                                                                      of ordinary Proportion    of ordinary
                                   Place of                                                                                shares of ordinary   shares held
                                   incorporation/                                                                         directly     shares       by non-
                                   establishment         Principal          Particulars of issued/                    held by the     held by   controlling
                                   and kind of           activities and     registered share               Interest     Company the Group           Interest
    Name                           legal entity          place of operation capital                           held             (%)        (%)            (%)

    Xinyi Glass (Yingkou)          The PRC,              Manufacturing           Registered capital of      100%             —         100%              —
      Company Limited                limited liability     of float glass,         US$99,000,000 and
                                     company               automobile glass        total paid up capital
                                                           and architectural       of US$98,999,652
                                                           glass in the PRC

    Xinyi Automobile Parts         The PRC,              Manufacturing of        Registered capital of      100%             —         100%              —
      (Tianjin) Company Limited      limited liability     automobile glass        US$57,150,000 and
                                     company               in the PRC              total paid up capital
                                                                                   of US$13,429,995

    Xinyi Glass (Xiamen) Co. Ltd   The PRC,              Conducting research Registered and                 100%          100%         100%              —
                                     limited liability     and trading of          paid up capital of
                                     company               glass in the PRC        HK$120,000,000

    Xinyi Electronic Glass (Wuhu) The PRC,               Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%             —         100%              —
      Company limited                limited liability     electronic glass in     paid up capital of
                                     company               the PRC                 US$60,630,000

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Sichuan) The PRC,                Manufacturing           Registered and             100%             —         100%              —
      Company limited                limited liability     of float glass,         paid up capital of
                                     company               automobile glass        US$99,000,000
                                                           and architectural
                                                           glass in the PRC

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Malaysia) Malaysia,              Manufacturing           Registered and             100%             —         100%              —
      SDN.BHD                        limited liability     of float glass in       paid up capital of
                                     company               Malaysia                RM$20,000,000

    Xinhe Logistics (Wuhu)         The PRC,              Provision of logistic   Registered and             100%             —         100%              —
      Company Limited                limited liability     and related             paid up capital of
                                     company               services                RMB1,250,000




                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




11 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2018: (Continued)

                                                                                                                     Proportion                Proportion
                                                                                                                     of ordinary Proportion    of ordinary
                                   Place of                                                                               shares of ordinary   shares held
                                   incorporation/                                                                        directly     shares       by non-
                                   establishment         Principal          Particulars of issued/                   held by the     held by   controlling
                                   and kind of           activities and     registered share              Interest     Company the Group           Interest
      Name                         legal entity          place of operation capital                          held             (%)        (%)            (%)

      Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai)   The PRC,              Operate wind             Registered and             82%            —          82%           18%
        Company Limited              limited liability     farm for electricity     paid up capital of
        (Note (a))                   company               generation               RMB10,000,000

      Wuhu Jinshanshi Numerical    The PRC,              Manufacturing            Registered and          85.66%            —       85.66%        14.34%
        Control Technology           limited liability     of automatic             paid up capital of
        Co. Ltd                      company               machines for solar       RMB30,000,000
                                                           glass factory and
                                                           other glass related
                                                           industry

      Xinyi Glass (Bozhou)         The PRC,              Manufacturing            Registered capital of    100%             —         100%              —
        Company Limited              limited liability     and sales of glass       RMB 10,000,000
                                     company               product                  and total paid
                                                                                    up capital of
                                                                                    RMB5,721,000

      Xinyi Glass (GuangXi)        The PRC,              Manufacturing of         Registered and           100%             —         100%              —
        Company Limited              limited liability     float glass in           paid up capital of
                                     company               the PRC                  RMB100,000,000

      GuangXi Xinyi Supply Chain   The PRC,              Provision of supply      Registered and           100%             —         100%              —
        Management Company           limited liability     chain services in        paid up capital of
        Limited                      company               the PRC                  RMB3,000,000

      Behai Xinhe Logistics        The PRC,              Provision of logistic    Registered and           100%             —         100%              —
        Company Limited              limited liability     and related              paid up capital of
                                     company               services                 RMB1,500,000

      Xinyi (Jiangsu)              The PRC,              Manufacturing of         Registered capital of    100%             —         100%              —
        Company Limited              limited liability     float glass in           US$100,000,000
                                     company               the PRC                  paid up capital of
                                                                                    US$36,420,000




118   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
11 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2018: (Continued)

                                                                                                                 Proportion                Proportion
                                                                                                                 of ordinary Proportion    of ordinary
                                  Place of                                                                            shares of ordinary   shares held
                                  incorporation/                                                                     directly     shares       by non-
                                  establishment         Principal          Particulars of issued/                held by the     held by   controlling
                                  and kind of           activities and     registered share           Interest     Company the Group           Interest
    Name                          legal entity          place of operation capital                       held             (%)        (%)            (%)

    Ultimate Luck Global Limited The British Virgin     Investment holding   Authorised and paid         60%            —          60%           40%
                                    Islands, limited      in Hong Kong         up capital of 50,000
                                    liability company                          ordinary shares of
                                                                               US$1each

    Cheer Wise Investment         Hong Kong,            Property and car     1 ordinary share            60%            —          60%           40%
      Limited                       limited liability     parks holding in
                                    company               Hong Kong


    Note:

    (a)     Transactions with non-controlling interests

            During the year ended 31 December 2017, the Group disposed of 18% equity interest in Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai) Company
            Limited, a subsidiary of the Group, to a subsidiary of Xinyi Autmobile Glass Hong Kong Enterprises Limited (“Xinyi HK”), for a
            consideration of HK$2,411,000. Xinyi HK is a related company of the Group. On the date of disposal, the carrying amount of such
            18% non-controlling interest of the Group was HK$2,411,000. The Group recognised an increase in non-controlling interests of
            the same amount.




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (2017:
   AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE FINANCIAL ASSETS)

      (A) EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FVOCI
                                                                                                          2018               2017

            At 1 January                                                                                     —                  —
            Reclassification on adoption of HKFRS 9                                                     52,409                  —
            Fair value loss recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 19)                         (13,841)                 —
            Disposal                                                                                        (55)

            At 31 December                                                                              38,513                  —
            Less: Non-current portion                                                                  (38,513)                 —

            Current portion                                                                                  —                  —


            Classification of financial assets at FVOCI
            Financial assets at FVOCI represents equity security listed in Hong Kong - ZMFY Automobile Glass Services Limited
            (“ZMFY”) which is not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to
            recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this classification to be more
            relevant. The listed equity security was classified as available-for-sale financial assets in as at 31 December 2017 and
            reclassified to financial assets at FVOCI due to adoption of HKFRS 9.

            The Group’s shareholding in ZMFY as at 31 December 2018 is approximately 15.17% (2017: approximately
            15.46%).


      (B) EQUITY INVESTMENT PREVIOUSLY CLASSIFIED AS AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE FINANCIAL ASSETS
          (2017)
                                                                                                          2018               2017

            At 1 January                                                                                52,409             38,508
            Reclassification on adoption of HKFRS 9 (Note (a))                                         (52,409)                 —
            Currency translation differences                                                                 —                   7
            Disposals                                                                                        —               (564)
            Fair value gain recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 19)                               —             14,458

            At 31 December                                                                                   —             52,409
            Less: Non – Current portion                                                                      —                  —

            Current Portion                                                                                  —             52,409




120   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (2017:
   AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE FINANCIAL ASSETS) (Continued)

   (B) EQUITY INVESTMENT PREVIOUSLY CLASSIFIED AS AVAILABLE-FOR-SALE FINANCIAL ASSETS
       (2017) (Continued)
       Classification of financial assets as available-for-sale
       As at 31 December 2017, investments were designated as available-for-sale financial assets if they did not have
       fixed maturities and fixed or determinable payments, and management intended to hold them for the medium
       to long-term. Financial assets that were not classified into any of the other categories (held for trading, loans and
       receivables or held-to-maturity investments) were also included in the available-for-sale category. The financial assets
       were presented as non-current assets unless they matured, or management intended to dispose of them within 12
       months of the end of the reporting period.

       A security was considered to be impaired if there had been a significant or prolonged decline in the fair value below
       its cost. If any such evidence exists, the cumulative loss – measured as the difference between the acquisition cost
       and the current fair value, less any impairment loss on that financial asset previously recognised in consolidated
       income statement – is reclassified from equity and recognised in consolidated income statement. Impairment losses
       recognised in the consolidated income statement on equity instruments are not reversed through the consolidated
       income statement in a subsequent period.


   (C) FAIR VALUE
       The fair value hierarchy of listed equity securities are categorised under level 1. The fair value of listed securities is
       based on the current bid price. These listed equity securities are denominated in HK$.


13 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS

   (A) FINANCIAL ASSETS MEASURED AT FVTPL INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING
                                                                                                      2018                2017

       Hong Kong listed equity securities                                                           44,090                   —


       Classification of financial assets at FVTPL
       Financial assets at FVTPL represents equity securities listed in Hong Kong - Maanshan Iron & Steel Company Limited,
       Angang Steel Company Limited and China Recourses Cement Holdings Limited which are held for trading, and
       which the Group has not elected at initial recognition to recognise in FVOCI. These are strategic investments and the
       Group considers this classification to be more relevant.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




13 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Continued)

      (B) AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT OR LOSS
            During the year, the following losses were recognised in consolidated income statement:

                                                                                                       2018            2017

            Fair value losses on equity instruments at FVTPL (Note 26)                                 6,236              —



      (C) RISK EXPOSURE AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
            Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 3.1(c). For information about the methods
            and assumptions used in determining fair value please refer to Note 3.3.


14 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                       2018            2017

      Investments in associates
      At 1 January                                                                              4,415,663         3,257,782
      Currency translation differences                                                                (1,270)         1,086
      Addition to investment in an associate (Note (a))                                           175,362           446,375
      Share of profits of associates                                                              565,900           699,662
      Dividends received                                                                         (331,519)         (314,631)
      Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income                                                 (144,246)          325,389

      At 31 December                                                                            4,679,890         4,415,663



                                                                                                       2018            2017

      Loans to an associate (Notes (b) & (c))
         – Current portion                                                                            35,833         52,421
         – Non-current portion                                                                         1,025         26,920

                                                                                                      36,858         79,341




122   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
14 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Notes:

   (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Board of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”) resolved that the 2018
            interim dividend would be paid by way of cash with an option to elect to receive wholly or partly the shares of Xinyi Solar (“Scrip
            Shares”), and the Company elected to receive wholly the Scrip Shares. Subsequent to issuance of the Scrip Shares, the Group held
            2,277,983,679 Xinyi Solar’s share, representing 29.74% Xinyi Solar’s shares as at 31 December 2018.

            On 16 May 2017, Xinyi Solar invited its shareholders to subscribe to a rights issue (the “Xinyi Solar Right Issue”) of 674,880,000
            shares at an issue price of HK$2.24 per share on the basis of 1 share for every 10 existing shares held on 15 May 2017, with
            such shares to be issued on, and rank for dividends after 8 June 2017. The Company subscribed 199,275,000 Xinyi Solar’s shares
            for a total consideration of HK$446,375,000 under the Xinyi Solar Right Issue. Subsequent to this subscription, the Group held
            2,192,022,031 Xinyi Solar’s shares, representing 29.53% Xinyi Solar’s shares as at 31 December 2017.

   (b)      As at 31 December 2018, the loans to an associate included a loan amounted to HK$10,133,000 (2017: HK$17,827,000) which
            is unsecured, interest-free and repayable by installments up to 2020 and another loan amounted to HK$26,725,000 (2017:
            HK$61,514,000) which is secured, interest bearing at 9.7% (2017: 9.7%) per annum and repayable by installments up to 2019.
            The balances are denominated in RMB.

   (c)      The carrying amounts of balances with associates approximate their fair values.

   The following is a list of the principal associates as at 31 December 2018:

                                           Particulars of registered                  Principal activities and
   Name                                    share capital                              place of operation                        Interest held

   Xinyi Solar (Note)                      Authorised capital of HK$8,000,000,000     Production and sales of solar glass            29.74%
                                             and total paid up of 7,659,689,000         products in the PRC, and development
                                             (2017: 7,423,680,000) ordinary shares      and operation of solar farms and
                                             of HK$0.1 each                             provision of engineering procurement
                                                                                        and construction services

   Beihai Yiyang Mineral                   Registered and paid up capital of          Exploration, mining and trading of                45%
     Company Limited                         RMB25,454,500                              silica in the PRC

   Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz         Registered and paid up capital of          Exploration, mining and trading of                20%
     Sand Company Limited                    RMB10,500,000                              silica in the PRC

   Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural   Registered and paid up capital of          Provision of natural gas in the PRC               25%
     Gas Investment Company Limited          RMB10,000,000


   Note:

   As at 31 December 2018, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar, which is listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange,
   was HK$6,264,455,000 (2017: HK$6,619,906,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was HK$4,573,668,000 (2017:
   HK$4,345,739,000).

   There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in the associates.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




14 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR A MATERIAL ASSOCIATE
      Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity method:

      Summarised balance sheet
                                                                                                      2018               2017

      Current
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    783,873          1,380,587
      Other current assets (excluding cash)                                                      6,019,327          6,085,953

      Total current assets                                                                       6,803,200          7,466,540
      Current liabilities                                                                       (6,737,349)        (6,240,828)
      Non-current
      Assets                                                                                    17,089,300        15,300,719
      Liabilities                                                                               (5,096,233)        (4,846,075)

      Net assets                                                                                12,058,918        11,680,356



      Summarised statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                                      2018               2017

      Revenue                                                                                    7,671,632          9,527,031
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                               (707,216)          (549,325)
      Interest income                                                                                 9,567            14,098
      Interest expense                                                                            (255,959)          (178,605)

      Profit from operations                                                                     2,246,340          2,789,435
      Income tax expense                                                                          (204,662)          (265,336)

      Post-tax profit from operations                                                            2,041,678          2,524,099
      Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                                         (1,035,536)         1,251,967

      Total comprehensive income                                                                 1,006,142          3,776,066

      Dividend received from Xinyi Solar                                                           328,803            306,883




124   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
14 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR A MATERIAL ASSOCIATE (Continued)
   Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Solar presented to the carrying amount of interest in an
   associate:

                                                                                                                    2018                  2017

   Opening net assets                                                                                        11,680,356             7,427,788
   Total comprehensive income for the year                                                                    1,006,142             3,776,066
   Transactions with owners                                                                                    (627,580)              476,502

   Closing net assets                                                                                        12,058,918           11,680,356
   Less: non-controlling interests                                                                           (1,625,109)           (1,559,229)

   Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Solar                                                  10,433,809           10,121,127

   The Group’s ownership interest                                                                                29.74%               29.53%
                                                                                                              3,103,015             2,988,944
   Goodwill                                                                                                   1,420,900             1,410,147
   Intangible assets and other assets and liabilities                                                             49,753               74,700
   Other adjustments (Note)                                                                                            —             (128,052)

   Carrying amount                                                                                            4,573,668             4,345,739


   Note:

   Other adjustments primarily include capital reserve arising from disposal of interest in a subsidiary without loss of control under Xinyi Solar
   in prior year.


   INDIVIDUALLY IMMATERIAL ASSOCIATES
   In addition to the interests in the material associate disclosed above, the Group also has interests in three individually
   immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                                    2018                  2017

   Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates                                              106,222                69,924
   Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
   Profit from continuing operations                                                                              40,282               36,018

   Total comprehensive income                                                                                     40,282               36,018




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED            125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




15 INVENTORIES

                                                                                       2018           2017

      Raw materials                                                                 745,120        694,820
      Work in progress                                                              145,277        119,297
      Finished goods                                                                864,117        883,449

                                                                                  1,754,514       1,697,566


      The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to approximately
      HK$7,909,062,000 (2017: HK$6,972,721,000) (Note 23).


16 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                       2018           2017

      Trade receivables (Note (a))                                                1,315,211       1,281,277
      Less: provision for loss allowance (Note (b))                                 (36,953)        (38,507)

                                                                                  1,278,258       1,242,770
      Bills receivables (Note (c))                                                  339,564        980,558

      Trade and bills receivables – net                                           1,617,822       2,223,328
      Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                 1,249,646       1,148,520

                                                                                  2,867,468       3,371,848
      Less: non-current portion
      Prepayments for property, plant and equipment and land use rights            (191,677)       (299,803)

      Current portion                                                             2,675,791       3,072,045




126   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
16 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Notes:

   (a)      The credit period granted by the Group to its customers is generally from 30 to 90 days. At 31 December 2018 and 2017, the
            ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                                         2018                   2017

            0 - 90 days                                                                                              940,454                  982,889
            91 - 180 days                                                                                            206,186                  185,597
            181 - 365 days                                                                                           115,030                   65,889
            1 - 2 years                                                                                                41,167                  13,550
            Over 2 years                                                                                               12,374                  33,352

                                                                                                                   1,315,211             1,281,277


            The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                         2018                   2017

            RMB                                                                                                      749,651                  726,949
            USD                                                                                                      520,280                  493,766
            HK$                                                                                                         4,210                   2,708
            Other currencies                                                                                           41,070                  57,854

                                                                                                                   1,315,211             1,281,277



   (b)      Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                                         2018                   2017

            At 1 January                                                                                               38,507                  46,554
            Currency translation differences                                                                             (316)                   699
            Increase/(decrease) in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net (Note 23)                     7,385                  (6,744)
            Receivables written off during the year                                                                    (8,623)                 (2,002)

            At 31 December                                                                                             36,953                  38,507


            The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables has been included in “administrative and other operating expenses” in the
            consolidated income statement (Note 23). The amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written off when there is
            no expectation of recovering additional cash.

            The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure provision for loss allowance which uses a lifetime expected loss
            allowance for all trade receivables. Details on the calculation of the calculation of loss allowance is set out in Note 3.1(b).

            The top five customers and the largest customer accounted for approximately 26.2% (2017: 34.3%) and 11.6% (2017: 20.9%) of
            the trade receivables balance as at 31 December 2018, respectively. Other than these major customers, there is no concentration
            of credit risk with respect to trade receivables as the Group has a large number of customers.

            The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED               127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




16 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (c)      All bills receivables are issued by licensed banks in the PRC with maturities ranging within 6 months (2017: 6 months).

      (d)      The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate at their fair values.

      (e)      The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivable mentioned above. The
               Group does not hold any collateral as security.

      (f)      As at 31 December 2017, trade receivables of approximately HK$42,751,000 were impaired and partially provided for. The
               individually impaired receivables are related to customers in unexpected financial difficulties and management assessed that only
               a portion of the receivables is expected to be recovered. Consequently, a total provision for doubtful debts of approximately
               HK$38,507,000 was recognised. The Group does not hold any collateral over these balances. The ageing analysis of these impaired
               trade receivables based on invoice date as at 31 December 2017 is as follows:

                                                                                                                                            2017

               0 - 90 days                                                                                                                    —
               91-180 days                                                                                                                   234
               181-365 days                                                                                                                4,431
               1-2 years                                                                                                                   6,993
               Over 2 years                                                                                                               31,093

                                                                                                                                          42,751



17 CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                      2018                 2017

      Total cash at bank and on hand                                                                            1,025,888                775,931
      Bank deposits with maturity less than three months
            – Structured bank deposits (Note (a))                                                               2,049,415            2,272,673
            – Time deposits (Note (b))                                                                          1,523,203                     —

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 4,598,506            3,048,604


            – Structured bank deposits (Note (a))                                                                         —                5,982
            – Time deposits (Note (b))                                                                              79,699                    —

      Fixed deposits                                                                                                79,699                 5,982


      Pledged bank deposits (Note (c))                                                                              14,133                 2,526

      Total cash and bank balances                                                                              4,692,338            3,057,112




128   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
17 CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)
   Notes:

   (a)      The Group placed structured bank deposits with a major licensed bank in the PRC, with fixed maturities; fixed interest rates and
            principal guarantee. HK$2,049,415,000 (2017: HK$2,272,673,000) of the Group’s structured bank deposits will mature within
            3 months and was qualified as cash and cash equivalents. No (2017: HK$5,982,000) structured bank deposits of the Group will
            mature more than 3 months and was qualified as fixed deposits. These balances are denominated in RMB.

   (b)      The Group placed time bank deposits with certain major licensed banks in the PRC, with fixed maturities; fixed interest rates
            and principal guarantee. HK$1,523,203,000 (2017: Nil) of the Group’s time bank deposits will mature within 3 months and was
            qualified as cash and cash equivalents. HK$79,699,000 (2017: Nil) of the Group’s time bank deposits will mature more than 3
            months and was qualified as fixed deposits. These balances are denominated in RMB and HK$.

   (c)      Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged as collateral principally as security for import duties payable to the US Customs.

   The effective interest rate on short-term bank deposits was 3.86% in 2018 (2017: 4.87%) per annum. These short-term
   bank deposits have an average maturity of 46 days (2017: 31 days).

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances and bank deposits are denominated in the following
   currencies:

                                                                                                                   2018                 2017

   RMB                                                                                                       4,149,618            2,616,196
   USD                                                                                                          244,808              175,223
   HK$                                                                                                          171,176               96,932
   Malaysia ringgit (“MYR”)                                                                                           58              15,464
   Other currencies                                                                                             126,678              153,297

                                                                                                             4,692,338            3,057,112


   RMB and MYR are currently not freely convertible currencies in the international market. The conversion of RMB and MYR
   into foreign currencies and remittance of RMB out of the PRC and MYR out of Malaysia, respectively, are subject to the
   rules and regulations of the foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government and Malaysian government.

   Cash and cash equivalents include the following for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows:

                                                                                                                   2018                 2017

   Total cash and bank balances                                                                              4,692,338            3,057,112
   Less:
         – Fixed deposits                                                                                       (79,699)               (5,982)
         – Pledged bank deposits                                                                                (14,133)               (2,526)

                                                                                                             4,598,506            3,048,604




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




18 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM

                                                                  Number of     Ordinary shares       Share
                                                  Note                shares    of HK$0.1 each     premium          Total

      Authorised:
      At 1 January 2017, 31 December 2017
        and 31 December 2018                                  20,000,000,000         2,000,000            —     2,000,000

      At 1 January 2017                                        3,891,765,199           389,177     1,360,624    1,749,801
      Issue of shares under an employees
        share option scheme                         (a)           28,747,500             2,874      228,545      231,419
      Shares issued as conversion of
        convertible bonds                                         97,147,948             9,715      663,804      673,519
      Redemption of convertible bonds                                     —                  —         1,860        1,860
      Dividend relating to 2016                                           —                  —      (919,845)    (919,845)
      Dividend relating to 2017                                           —                  —      (800,787)    (800,787)

      At 31 December 2017                                      4,017,660,647           401,766      534,201      935,967

      At 1 January 2018                                        4,017,660,647           401,766      534,201      935,967

      Issue of shares under an employees
        share option scheme                         (a)           13,999,500             1,400       82,855       84,255
      Repurchases and cancellation of shares        (b)          (38,458,000)            (3,846)    (367,235)    (371,081)

      At 31 December 2018                                      3,993,202,147           399,320      249,821      649,141




130   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
18 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SHARE OPTIONS
       In 2005, the Company adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”). Under the Share Option Scheme,
       the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant options to any employee of the Group to subscribe
       for shares of the Company at the highest of (i) the closing price of shares of the Company as stated in the daily
       quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the day of the offer of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of
       the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding
       the day of the offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of shares. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable
       on acceptance of the grant of an option. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all
       outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option
       scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the relevant shares or securities of the Company in
       issue from time to time.

       The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
       Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue
       upon completion of the placing and the capitalisation issue of the shares of the Company, unless the Company
       obtains further approval from the shareholders.

       In April 2013, 26,500,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
       Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$5.55 per share. Options are conditional
       on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three
       years and one month from the grant date. In relation to the batch granted in April 2013, 9,248,500 options were
       exercised during the year ended 31 December 2017 and a total of 2,000 options were lapsed and the remaining
       17,000 options were expired during the year ended 31 December 2017.

       In February 2014, 26,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons
       of the Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$6.84 per share. Options are
       conditional on the employee completing three years and one month’s service (the vesting period). The options are
       exercisable starting three years and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2018, in
       relation to the batch granted in February 2014, 1,277,000 (2017: 19,499,000) options were exercised, no (2017:
       1,640,000) option was lapsed and 13,000 (2017: Nil) options were expired.

       In March 2015, 28,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
       Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$4.55 per share. Options are conditional
       on the employee completing three years and one month’s service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable
       starting three years and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2018, in relation
       to the batch granted in March 2015, 12,723,000 (2017: Nil) option was exercised, 1,563,000 (2017: 1,837,000)
       options were lapsed and 23,000 (2017: Nil) options were expired.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




18 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
            In March 2016, 28,500,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
            Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$4.81 per share. Options are conditional
            on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
            and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2018, in relation to the batch granted in
            March 2016, a total of 1,010,000 (2017: 1,892,000) options were lapsed.

            In March 2017, 29,264,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
            Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$7.28 per share. Options are conditional
            on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
            and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2018, in relation to the batch granted in
            March 2017, a total of 1,096,000 (2017: 1,104,000) options were lapsed.

            In March 2018, 29,600,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
            Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$11.74 per share. Options are conditional
            on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
            and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2018, in relation to the batch granted in
            March 2018, a total of 402,000 options were lapsed.

            Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as
            follows:

                                                                            2018                                2017
                                                                      Average                            Average
                                                            exercise price in        Options     exercise price in       Options
                                                              HK$ per share        (thousands)    HK$ per share        (thousands)

            At 1 January                                                 5.64          79,214                5.35         85,189
            Granted                                                     11.74          29,600                7.28         29,264
            Exercised                                                    4.76         (14,000)               6.42        (28,748)
            Lapsed                                                       6.06          (4,070)               5.67          (6,474)
            Expired                                                      5.38             (36)               5.55             (17)

            At 31 December                                               7.75          90,708                5.64         79,214


            Out of the 90,708,000 (2017: 79,214,000) outstanding options, 9,057,000 (2017: 1,290,000) option was
            exercisable as at 31 December 2018. Options exercised in 2018 resulted in 13,999,500 shares (2017: 28,747,500
            shares) being issued at a weighted average price at the time of exercise of HK$4.76 each (2017: HK$6.42 each).




132   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
18 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
       Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                      Exercise price in
                                                                        HK$ per share           Options (thousands)

       Expiry date                                                                                   2018                 2017

       31 March 2018                                                               6.84                 —                 1,290
       31 March 2019                                                               4.55             9,057             23,366
       31 March 2020                                                               4.81            25,388             26,398
       31 March 2021                                                               7.28            27,065             28,160
       31 March 2022                                                             11.74             29,198                    —

                                                                                                   90,708             79,214


       The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
       model, which was performed by an independent valuer, Greater China Appraisal Limited, was approximately
       HK$2.15 (2017: HK$1.27) per option. The significant inputs into the model were weighted average share price of
       HK$11.74 (2017: HK$7.28) at the grant date, the exercise price shown above, volatility of 34.72% (2017: 35.39%),
       dividend yield of 4.82% (2017: 5.49%), an expected option life of 3.6 years (2017: 3.5 years), and an annual
       risk-free interest rate of 1.55% (2017: 1.29%) per annum. The volatility measured at the standard deviation of
       continuously compounded share returns is based on statistical analysis of daily share prices over the last year.

       Based on the above, the fair value of the above options granted during the year determined using the Black-
       Scholes valuation model was approximately HK$63,681,592 (2017: HK$37,085,000). The attributable amounts
       charged to the consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2018 was HK$32,012,000 (2017:
       HK$28,441,000) (Note 24).


   (B) REPURCHASE OF SHARE
       During the year ended 31 December 2018, 38,458,000 shares repurchased by the Company were cancelled in
       2018. Accordingly, the issued share capital of the Company was reduced by the nominal value of these shares and
       the premiums paid on these shares upon the repurchase were charged against share premium account. An amount
       equivalent to the par value of the shares cancelled was transferred from the Company’s retained earnings to the
       capital redemption reserve.

                                                        Number of                                                Aggregate
                                                          Shares of      Highest price      Lowest price      consideration
       Month of Repurchase                           HK$0.10 each       per Share HK$     per Share HK$       paid HK$’000

       May 2018                                         14,090,000               11.40              10.72           154,791
       June 2018                                        18,328,000                 9.38              8.87           166,589
       November 2018                                     6,040,000                 8.35              8.09             49,701

                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




19 RESERVES
                                                                                                                       Other reserves
                                                                                   Foreign
                                                   Statutory      Enterprise      currency                   Share        Property      Capital
                                                     reserve      expansion translations       Capital      Option revaluation redemption          FVOCI                      Retained
                                                       fund            fund         reserve    reserve      reserve        reserve      reserve   reserve       Sub-total     earnings          Total
                                                     (Note (a))     (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                         (Note (c))

      Restated total equity as at 1 January 2018   1,387,886         46,867        545,930      11,840      40,683          37,227      17,344    14,458       2,102,235 15,199,009 17,301,244
      Profit for the year                                  —              —              —           —           —              —           —          —               —     4,236,806     4,236,806
      Change in value of financial assets
        at FVOCI (Note 12)                                 —              —              —           —           —              —           —     (13,841)       (13,841)            —       (13,841)
      Currency translation differences                     —              —      (1,294,957)         —           —              —           —          —       (1,294,957)           —     (1,294,957)
      Share of other comprehensive loss of
        investments accounted for using
        the equity method (Note 14)                        —              —       (265,723)    121,477           —              —           —          —        (144,246)            —      (144,246)
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                      —              —              —           —      (17,795)            —           —          —         (17,795)            —       (17,795)
        – value of employee services
           (Note 18(a))                                    —              —              —           —      32,012              —           —          —          32,012             —        32,012
        – release on forfeiture of share options           —              —              —           —          (51)            —           —          —              (51)          51             —
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares
        (Note 18(b))                                       —              —              —           —           —              —        3,846         —           3,846         (3,846)           —
      Transfer to reserves                          271,081               —              —           —           —              —           —          —         271,081      (271,081)            —
      Dividends relating to 2017                           —              —              —           —           —              —           —          —               —     (1,124,087) (1,124, 087)
      Dividends relating to 2018                           —              —              —           —           —              —           —          —               —      (999,550)     (999,550)

      At 31 December 2018                          1,658,967         46,867      (1,014,750)   133,317      54,849          37,227      21,190        617        938,284 17,037,302 17,975,586




134   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
19 RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                                   Other reserves
                                                                                  Foreign
                                                  Statutory     Enterprise       currency                   Share      Property        Capital      Convertible   Available-
                                                    reserve     expansion     translations    Capital      option    revaluation   redemption            bonds     for-sales     FVOCI                     Retained
                                                      fund           fund         reserve     reserve     reserve        reserve       reserve          reserve     reserve     reserves      Sub-total    earnings        Total
                                                   (Note (a))    (Note (a))                  (Note (b))                                                            (Note (c))   (Note (c))

    At 1 January 2017                            1,111,004        46,867      (1,327,885)    11,840       59,289        37,227         17,344           13,341           —           —         (30,973) 11,462,103 11,431,130
    Profit for the year                                  —             —               —           —           —             —              —               —            —           —              —     4,013,764    4,013,764
    Change in value of available-for-sale
      financial assets (Note 12)                         —             —               —           —           —             —              —               —       14,458           —         14,458            —       14,458
    Currency translation differences                     —             —       1,548,394           —           —             —              —               —            —           —       1,548,394           —     1,548,394
    Share of other comprehensive income
      of investments accounted for
      using the equity method (Note 14)                  —             —         325,389           —           —             —              —               —            —           —        325,389            —      325,389
    Employees share option scheme:
      – proceeds from shares issued                      —             —               —           —      (47,023)           —              —               —            —           —         (47,023)          —       (47,023)
      – value of employee services
         (Note 18(a))                                    —             —               —           —      28,441             —              —               —            —           —         28,441            —       28,441
      – release on forfeiture of share options           —             —               —           —          (24)           —              —               —            —           —             (24)         24            —
    Disposal of a subsidiary                             —             —               32          —           —             —              —               —            —           —              32           —           32
    Shares issued upon conversion
      of convertible bonds                               —             —               —           —           —             —              —          (11,481)          —           —         (11,481)          —       (11,481)
    Redemption of convertible bonds                      —             —               —           —           —             —              —           (1,860)          —           —          (1,860)          —        (1,860)
    Transfer to reserves                          276,882              —               —           —           —             —              —               —            —           —        276,882      (276,882)          —

    At 31 December 2017                          1,387,886        46,867         545,930     11,840       40,683        37,227         17,344               —       14,458           —       2,102,235 15,199,009 17,301,244
    Reclassification on adoption of
      HKFRS 9                                            —             —               —           —           —             —              —               —      (14,458)     14,458              —            —            —

    At 1 January 2018                            1,387,886        46,867         545,930     11,840       40,683        37,227         17,344               —            —      14,458       2,102,235 15,199,009 17,301,244




                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                                             135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




19 RESERVES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      The statutory reserve fund and enterprise expansion fund were provided for in accordance with laws in the PRC and regulations by
               certain subsidiaries which are the wholly owned foreign enterprises incorporated in the PRC. These funds are appropriated from
               net profit as recorded in the PRC statutory accounts of respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserve fund can only be used, upon
               approval by the relevant authority, to make good of previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of these group companies. The
               enterprise expansion fund can only be used to increase capital of the group companies or to expand their production operations
               upon approval by the relevant authority.

               During the year ended 31 December 2018, the boards of directors of the subsidiaries resolved to appropriate approximately
               HK$271,081,000 (2017: HK$276,882,000) from retained earnings to statutory reserve fund. No enterprise expansion fund was
               appropriated during the years ended 31 December 2018 and 2017.

      (b)      The capital reserve of the Group represents the difference between the nominal value of the share capital of the subsidiaries
               acquired pursuant to a reorganisation occurred in 2004 and the nominal value of the share capital of the Company issued in
               exchange thereof.

      (c)      Financial assets at FVOCI

               The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in OCI, as explained in
               Note 2.12. These changes are accumulated under the FVOCI reserve within equity. For equity securities elected to present changes
               in FVOCI, the Group will never transfers amounts from this reserve to retained earnings when the relevant equity securities are
               derecognised.

               Available-for-sale financial assets – for the year ended 31 December 2017

               Changes in the fair value and exchange differences arising on translation of investments that were classified as available-for-sale
               financial assets (eg equities), were recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in a separate reserve within equity.




136   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
20 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                2018                 2017

   Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                                  919,888          922,721
   Bills payable (Note (b))                                                                                   354,043               97,511

                                                                                                          1,273,931          1,020,232
   Other payables (Note (c))                                                                              1,411,822          1,642,147
   Contract liabilities (Note (e))                                                                            292,948                   —
   Less: non-current portion
         Other payables                                                                                       (81,617)         (108,198)

   Current portion                                                                                        2,897,084          2,554,181


   Notes:

   (a)      At 31 December 2018 and 2017, the ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                                 2018                 2017

            0 - 90 days                                                                                       807,412           817,616
            91-180 days                                                                                        36,577               47,535
            181-365 days                                                                                       35,954                9,686
            1-2 years                                                                                          15,305               31,899
            Over 2 years                                                                                       24,640               15,985

                                                                                                              919,888           922,721


            The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                 2018                 2017

            RMB                                                                                               761,910           745,167
            MYR                                                                                                86,564               80,106
            USD                                                                                                70,522               96,075
            HK$                                                                                                   275                  332
            Other currencies                                                                                      617                1,041

                                                                                                              919,888           922,721


   (b)      Bills payable have maturities ranging within 6 months (2017: 6 months).




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




20 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (c)   Nature of other payables is as follows:

                                                                                                                   2018                 2017

            Payables for investment properties                                                                    73,531               87,357
            Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                          415,909              292,873
            Payables for employee benefits and welfare                                                          304,023              286,858
            Payables for value-added tax                                                                        259,523              285,908
            Payables for utilities                                                                                35,781               55,460
            Receipt in advance from customers                                                                          —             310,575
            Deposits received                                                                                          —               35,517
            Payables for transportation charges                                                                   91,470               60,702
            Payables for commission                                                                               36,075               35,769
            Others                                                                                              195,510              191,128

                                                                                                               1,411,822           1,642,147


      (d)   The carrying amounts of trade payables and other payables approximate their fair values.


      (e)   The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually received
            in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from sales of glass products.

            The following table shows the amount of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to contract liability balance
            at the beginning of the year.

                                                                                                                   2018                 2017

            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
               at the beginning of the year                                                                     310,575                    —




138   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
21 BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                                                    2018             2017

   Non-current
     Bank borrowings, guaranteed                                                               9,969,374        8,466,385
     Less: Current portion                                                                    (3,094,441)      (2,067,702)

                                                                                               6,874,933        6,398,683

   Shown as non-current liabilities                                                            6,874,933        6,398,683

   Current
     Short-term bank borrowings, guaranteed                                                      200,000                 —
     Current portion of long-term bank borrowings, guaranteed                                  2,894,441        2,067,702

                                                                                               3,094,441        2,067,702

   Shown as current liabilities                                                                3,094,441        2,067,702


   Total bank and other borrowings                                                             9,969,374        8,466,385


   At 31 December 2018 and 2017, the Group’s bank borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                    2018             2017

   Within 1 year                                                                               3,094,441        2,067,702
   Between 1 and 2 years                                                                       4,249,714        2,848,747
   Between 2 and 5 years                                                                       2,625,219        3,549,936

                                                                                               9,969,374        8,466,385


   At 31 December 2018 and 2017, all bank loans bore floating interest rates. These bank borrowings are repayable by
   installments up to 2022 (2017: 2021) and the carrying amounts of bank borrowings approximate their fair values as at 31
   December 2018 and 2017. The fair values are categorised within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

   The Group has complied with the financial bank covenants of its borrowing facilities during the years ended 31 December
   2018 and 2017.

   The Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in HK$.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




21 BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

      The effective interest rates per annum at the end of reporting date were as follows:

                                                                           2018                    2017
                                                                        HK$           USD       HK$             USD

      Bank borrowings                                                  2.55%          N/A     2.01%           1.12%


      The bank borrowings were guaranteed by corporate guarantee provided by the Company and cross guarantees provided
      by certain subsidiaries of the Group.


22 DEFERRED INCOME TAX

      The analysis of deferred income tax liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                               2018            2017

      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                        417,671        335,096


      The gross movements on the deferred income tax account are as follows:

                                                                                               2018            2017

      Beginning of the year                                                                  335,096        218,125
      Currency translation differences                                                        (7,685)          5,883
      Charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 28)                                  90,260        111,088

      End of the year                                                                        417,671        335,096




140   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
22 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

   Deferred income tax liabilities:

                                                        Accelerated                        Undistributed
                                                                tax          Fair value        profits of
                                                       depreciation              gains       subsidiaries            Total

   At 1 January 2017                                            375             58,705           159,045           218,125
   Charged to the consolidated income
     statement (Note 28)                                         —             111,088                 —           111,088
   Currency translation differences                              38              5,845                 —             5,883

   At 31 December 2017                                          413            175,638           159,045           335,096
   Charged to the consolidated income
     statement (Note 28)                                         —              90,260                 —            90,260
   Currency translation differences                             (28)             (7,657)               —            (7,685)

   At 31 December 2018                                          385            258,241           159,045           417,671


   Deferred income tax assets are recognised for tax losses carry-forwards to the extent that the realisation of the related
   tax benefits through the future taxable profits is probable. The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets of
   approximately HK$41,083,000 (2017: HK$28,807,000) in respect of losses amounting to approximately HK$165,735,000
   (2017: HK$115,631,000) that can be carried forward against future taxable income.

   The time frame of tax losses expiration was as follows:

                                                                                                    2018              2017

   Expired in 2019                                                                                     —                  —
   Expired in 2020                                                                                     —                  —
   Expired in 2021                                                                                 4,904             5,161
   Expired in 2022                                                                               103,990           109,278
   Expired in 2023                                                                                52,706                  —
   No expire date                                                                                  4,135             1,192

                                                                                                 165,735           115,631




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




22 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

      As of 31 December 2018, investment properties located in the PRC amounted to HK$1,598,615,000 (2017:
      HK$1,136,077,000) are held by certain subsidiaries with a business model to consume substantially all of the economic
      benefits embodied in the investment properties over time, rather than through sale. The investment property located in
      Hong Kong amounted to HK$75,880,000 (2017: HK$65,840,000) are held by certain subsidiaries and expected to be
      recovered entirely through sale. The Group has measured the deferred tax relating to the temporary differences of these
      investment properties using the tax rates and the tax bases that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of
      these investment properties (Note 8).

      Deferred income tax liabilities of approximately HK$628,872,000 (2017: HK$504,695,000) have not been recognised
      for withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries in the
      PRC. Such temporary differences are not expected to be reversed in the foreseeable future. At 31 December 2018, total
      unremitted earnings for which deferred withholding tax liability has not been recognised amounted to approximately
      HK$12,577,431,000 (2017: HK$10,093,912,000).


23 EXPENSES BY NATURE

      Expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses are
      analysed as follows:

                                                                                                    2018              2017

      Amortisation charge of leasehold lands and land use rights (Note 6)                         84,684            72,779
      Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                                       916,997           845,625
      Amortisation charge of intangible assets (Note 9)                                            2,215             2,154
      Employee benefit expenses (Note 24)                                                      1,166,990         1,075,771
      Cost of inventories (Note 15)                                                            7,909,062         6,972,721
      Transportation costs                                                                       418,263           346,605
      Advertising costs                                                                           51,841            41,243
      Operating lease payments in respect of land and buildings                                    5,343             3,226
      Increase/(decrease) in provision for loss allowance, net (Note 16)                           7,385             (6,744)
      Auditor’s remuneration
         – Audit services                                                                          4,038             3,500
         – Non-statutory audit services                                                              595               529
      Other expenses                                                                           1,978,771         1,971,101

      Total cost of sales, selling and marketing costs
         and administrative and other operating expenses                                      12,546,184        11,328,510




142   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
24 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                                 2018                 2017

   Wages and salaries                                                                                      1,053,126              969,579
   Share options granted to employees (Note 18)                                                                32,012               28,441
   Pension costs - defined contribution plans (Note (a))                                                       81,852               77,751

                                                                                                           1,166,990            1,075,771


   Note (a): Pension costs

            The Group participates in a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme (the “MPF scheme”) in accordance with the Mandatory Provident
            Fund Scheme Ordinance of Hong Kong. Under the rules of the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees in Hong Kong
            are each required to contribute 5% of their gross earnings with a ceiling of HK$1,500 per month to the MPF scheme. The only
            obligation of the Group with respect to the MPF Scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme. No forfeited
            contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in future year.

            The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC also participate in defined contribution retirement schemes covering its full time PRC
            employees. The schemes are administered by the relevant government authorities in the PRC. The Group and the PRC eligible
            employees are required to make contributions based on certain percentages of the applicable payroll costs as stipulated under
            the requirements in the PRC and the relevant government authorities undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of
            all existing and future retired employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC. No forfeited contribution is available to reduce
            the contribution payable in future years.


   (A) FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
         The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include four (2017: four) directors
         whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 35. The emoluments payable to the remaining one
         individual (2017: one individual) during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                 2018                 2017

         Basic salaries and allowances                                                                          1,034                1,120
         Discretionary and performance bonus                                                                    5,171                5,597
         Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                                 15                   16
         Share options granted (Note (a))                                                                          205                 176

                                                                                                                6,425                6,909


         Note (a):

         Share options granted represent fair value of share options issued under Share Option Scheme recognised in the consolidated
         income statement during the year disregarding whether the options have been vested/exercised.

         During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the directors of the Company and the five highest paid
         individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office (2017: Nil).




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




25 OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                                       2018                   2017

      Rental income                                                                                                  13,562              11,381
      Government grants (Note (a))                                                                                 298,321             246,235
      Insurance compensation income                                                                                   2,671               2,716
      Income from sale of electricity (Note (b))                                                                     90,980              76,256
      Income from sale of automatic machines (Note (c))                                                              19,522              16,018
      Gain on fair value in financial products at FVTPL (Note (d))                                                   84,854               9,881
      Others                                                                                                         31,041              24,870

                                                                                                                   540,951             387,357


      Notes:

      (a)      Government grants mainly represent grants obtained from the PRC government in relation to the refund of value-added tax,
               income tax, land use tax, other operating costs of certain PRC subsidiaries.

      (b)      It represents the income from sale of electricity generated from its wind power and solar power generating machines.

      (c)      It represents the income from sale of automatic machines for solar glass factory and other related industry.

      (d)      The fair value gains were arising from short-term financial products (“Financial Products”) issued by reputable commercial banks
               in PRC. The Financial Products were not principal guaranteed nor with pre-determined or guaranteed return. As at 31 December
               2018 and 2017, all of such Financial Products subscribed for by the Group had been fully redeemed or matured and the Group had
               totally recovered the principal and received the expected returns upon the redemption or maturity of the financial products.


26 OTHER GAINS - NET

                                                                                                                       2018                   2017

      Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                                           (11,276)            (16,834)
      Losses on disposal of available-for-sale financial assets                                                           —                   (135)
      Unrealised fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL                                                      (7,776)                    —
      Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                                                   1,540                     —
      Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                                                    —                    44
      Fair value gains on investment properties, net (Note 8)                                                      377,372             450,710
      Other foreign exchange gains/(losses), net                                                                   176,167            (116,904)
      Others                                                                                                          1,429                     —

                                                                                                                   537,456             316,881




144   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
27 FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS

                                                                                                             2018               2017

   Finance income:
   Interest income on bank deposits (Note (a))                                                             68,353             43,534
   Other interest income (Note (a))                                                                         2,852               1,099

                                                                                                           71,205             44,633

   Finance costs:
   Interest expense on bank borrowings                                                                   258,959             174,343
   Interest expense on convertible bonds (Note (b))                                                             —               9,165
   Less: interest expense capitalised on qualifying assets (Note 7)                                       (45,281)            (32,375)

                                                                                                         213,678             151,133


   Note:

   (a)      Total interest income on financial assets that are measured at amortised cost for the year was HK$71,205,000 (2017:
            HK$44,633,000)

   (b)      No interest expense on convertible bonds has been recognised for the year (2017: HK$9,165,000) as the convertible bonds were
            fully converted, redeemed or cancelled as at 31 December 2017.


28 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                             2018               2017

   Current income tax
         – Hong Kong profits tax (Note (a))                                                                14,606             17,207
         – PRC corporate income tax (Note (b))                                                           620,622             543,767
         – Overseas income tax (Note (c))                                                                     411               1,136
         – (Over)/under provision in prior years                                                           (3,335)              9,215
   Deferred income tax (Note 22)
         – Origination of temporary differences                                                            90,260            111,088

                                                                                                         722,564             682,413




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




28 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      Hong Kong profits tax

               Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2017: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year.

      (b)      PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)

               CIT is provided on the estimated taxable profits of the subsidiaries established in the PRC for the year, calculated in accordance
               with the relevant tax rules and regulations.

               The applicable CIT rates in Mainland China is 25% (2017: 25%). Thirteen (2017: twelve) major subsidiaries in Shenzhen, Wuhu,
               Dongguan, Tianjin, Jiangmen, Deyang and Yingkou enjoy high-tech enterprise income tax benefit and are entitled to a preferential
               tax treatment of reduction in the CIT rate to 15% (2017: 15%).

      (c)      Overseas income tax

               Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing
               in the countries in which the Group operates.

      The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted
      average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:

                                                                                                                       2018                 2017

      Profit before income tax                                                                                   4,970,140            4,696,432
      Associates’ results reported                                                                                (565,900)            (699,662)

                                                                                                                 4,404,240            3,996,770

      Calculated at weighted average tax rate of 24.9% (2017: 24.8%)                                             1,097,836              992,413
      Preferential tax rates on income of certain PRC and overseas subsidiaries                                   (379,806)            (351,337)
      Effect of additional tax reduction enacted by tax authority                                                   (41,393)                   —
      (Over)/under provision in prior years                                                                          (3,335)               9,215
      Utilisation of previously unrecognised tax losses                                                                   —               (8,562)
      Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                                               27,088               25,155
      Income not subject to tax                                                                                        (180)                 (947)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                       22,354               16,476

      Income tax expense                                                                                           722,564              682,413




146   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
29 EARNINGS PER SHARE

   BASIC:
   Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted
   average number of ordinary shares in issue after taking into account the effect of the issuance of new shares and share
   repurchased and cancellation stated in Note 18 (a) and (b) during 2018 and 2017.

                                                                                                       2018              2017

   Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                                 4,236,806         4,013,764

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                                4,008,099         3,968,504

   Basic earnings per share (HK cents per share)                                                     105.71            101.14



   DILUTED:
   Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
   assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The dilutive potential ordinary shares of the Company are share
   options and convertible bonds. The calculation for share options is determined by the number of shares that could have
   been acquired at fair value (determined as the average annual market share price of the Company’s shares) based on the
   monetary value of the subscription rights attached to the outstanding share options. The number of shares calculated as
   above is compared with the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options.
   The convertible bonds are assumed to have been converted into ordinary shares, and the net profit is adjusted to eliminate
   the interest expense less the tax effect.

                                                                                                       2018              2017

   Earnings
   Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                                 4,236,806         4,013,764
   Interest expense on convertible bonds (net of tax) (HK$’000)                                           —             7,653
   Share of profit of an associate as a result of diluted earnings at associate level                    (49)                (23)

   Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share (HK$’000)                                  4,236,757         4,021,394

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                                4,008,099         3,968,504
   Adjustments for:
   Share options (thousands)                                                                         27,044            19,820
   Assumed conversion of convertible bonds (thousands)                                                    —            36,334

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
     diluted earnings per share (thousands)                                                       4,035,143         4,024,658

   Diluted earnings per share (HK cents per share)                                                   105.00             99.92




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




30 DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                                 2018                2017

      Interim dividend paid of HK$0.25 (2017: HK$0.20) per share (Note a)                                     999,550             800,787
      Proposed final dividend of HK$0.27 (2017: final dividend of HK$0.28) per share
        (Note b)                                                                                            1,078,337           1,124,087

                                                                                                            2,077,887           1,924,874


      Notes:

      (a)      An interim dividend of HK$0.25 per share (2017: HK$0.20 per share) was paid to shareholders whose names appeared on the
               Register of Members of the Company on 17 August 2018 (2017: 18 August 2017).

      (b)      A final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2018 of HK$0.27 per share (2017: HK$0.28 per share),
               amounting to a total dividend of HK$1,078,337,000 (2017: HK$1,124,087,000), is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual
               General Meeting. The amount of 2018 proposed final dividend is based on 3,993,840,147 shares in issue as at 31 January 2019
               (2017: 4,014,596,847 shares in issue as at 15 June 2018). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this dividend
               payable.




148   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
31 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

                                                                                    Note               2018              2017

   (a)   Profit before income tax                                                                 4,970,140         4,696,432
         Adjustments for:
           – Amortisation charge of leasehold lands and land use rights              23              84,684            72,779
           – Fair value gains on investment properties                               26            (377,372)         (450,710)
           – Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                    23             916,997           845,625
           – Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                     26              11,276            16,834
           – Loss on disposal of available-for-sale financial assets                 26                   —                  135
           – Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                        26                   —                  (44)
           – Amortisation charge of intangible assets                                23               2,215             2,154
           – Share of profits of associates                                          14            (565,900)         (699,662)
           – Interest income                                                         27             (71,205)          (44,633)
           – Interest expense                                                        27             213,678           151,133
           – Share options granted to employees                                      24              32,012            28,441
           – Unrealised fair value losses of financial assets at FVTPL               26               7,776                   —
           – Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                           26              (1,540)                  —
           – Increase/(decrease) in provision for loss allowance
              of trade receivables, net                                              16               7,385            (6,744)
           – Non-cash government grant                                                              (31,113)                  —
         Changes in working capital:
           – Inventories                                                                             18,794          (252,068)
           – Trade and other receivables                                                            259,956          (588,345)
           – Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                         (20,068)          511,347

         Cash generated from operations                                                           5,457,715         4,282,674




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




31 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

      (b)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment comprise:

                                                                                                       2018                 2017

            Net book amount of property, plant and equipment (Note 7)                               155,510               35,411
            Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 26)                           (11,276)              (16,834)

            Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                 144,234               18,577


      (c)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary comprise:

                                                                                                       2018                 2017

            Net book amount of a subsidiary disposed of                                                     —                740

            Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (Note 26)                                                      —                 44

            Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                                                          —                784


      (d)   Net debt reconciliation:

            This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the year presented.

                                                                                                       2018                 2017

            Cash and cash equivalents                                                             4,598,506         3,048,604
            Bank and other borrowings – repayable within one year                                (3,094,441)        (2,067,702)
            Bank and other borrowings – repayable after one year                                 (6,874,933)        (6,398,683)

            Net debt                                                                             (5,370,868)        (5,417,781)

            Cash and cash equivalents                                                             4,598,506         3,048,604
            Gross debt – fixed interest rates                                                               —                  —
            Gross debt – variable interest rates                                                 (9,969,374)        (8,466,385)

            Net debt                                                                             (5,370,868)        (5,417,781)




150   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
31 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

                                                                                 Liabilities from
                                                       Other assets            financing activities
                                                           Cash and Bank and other Bank and other
                                                                cash borrowings due borrowings due
                                                        equivalents      within 1 year       after 1 year            Total
                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000              HK$’000        HK$’000

   Net debt as at 31 December 2016                        2,763,072         (3,165,365)        (4,509,073)      (4,911,366)
   Cash flows                                               125,857            444,790         (1,889,610)      (1,318,963)
   Cash flows-interest of convertible bonds                       —              (9,165)                 —          (9,165)
   Foreign exchange adjustments                             159,675                  —                   —         159,675

   Other non-cash movements                                       —            662,038                   —         662,038

   Net debt as at 31 December 2017                        3,048,604         (2,067,702)        (6,398,683)      (5,417,781)
   Cash flows                                             1,774,585         (1,026,739)            (476,250)       271,596
   Foreign exchange adjustments                             (224,683)                —                   —        (224,683)

   Net debt as at 31 December 2018                        4,598,506         (3,094,441)        (6,874,933)      (5,370,868)



32 COMMITMENTS

   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
   Capital expenditure approved at the end of reporting date but not yet incurred is as follows:

                                                                                                      2018            2017

   Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and land use right
     Contracted but not provided for                                                                909,120        512,714




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




32 COMMITMENTS (Continued)

      OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
      Future aggregate minimum lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases are as follows:

                                                                                                     2018              2017

      Not later than 1 year                                                                            78               293
      Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                      —                 73

                                                                                                       78               366


      Investment properties are leased to tenants under long-term operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Minimum lease
      payments receivable under non-cancellable operating lease of investment properties not recognised in the consolidated
      financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                                     2018              2017

      Not later than 1 year                                                                         8,647            10,705
      Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                 21,650            14,561
      Later than 5 years                                                                           13,717            17,250

                                                                                                   44,014            42,516



33 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      As at 31 December 2018, the Group is controlled by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Mr. TUNG Ching Sai,
      Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching Leung which in
      aggregate owns 2,277,983,678 (2017: 2,276,345,059) of the Company’s shares.




152   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
33 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   The following transactions were carried out with related parties:

   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                  Note               2018              2017

         Purchases of goods from associates                                          i
           – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas
                Investment Company Limited                                                        256,015           236,835
           – Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited                                                142,972           164,432
           – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                                  28,173            41,736
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                            vii             4,190               395

         Sales of goods to associates
           –Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                             ii            199,194           103,169

         Sales of goods to related parties
           – An entity controlled by a controlling party                          ii, vii           5,494             4,013
           – Entities controlled by a controlling party                              ii            15,718                —

         Sales of machineries to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                            iii            68,326            41,194

         Consultancy income received from an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          iv, vii             851                  831

         Rental income received from an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          v, vii            6,826             5,292

         Rental expenses paid to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          v, vii            1,087             1,012

         Rental income received from a related party
           – An entity controlled by a controlling party                          v, vii              265                  120

         Transportation fees received from an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          vi, vii           1,969            32,981

         Disposal of a subsidiary to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          vii, ix               —                  784

         Sales of interest in a subsidiary to a related party
           – An entity controlled by a controlling party                         vii, viii              —             2,411

         Sales of a parcel of land in Malaysia
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                           xiii           142,346                   —

         Wind farm management fees paid to a related party
          – An entity controlled by a controlling party                           x, vii            1,815                   —




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




33 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                                Note                   2018                   2017

            Processing fees paid to a related party
                   – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                  xi                 47,596                     —

            Purchase of machinery parts from a related party
                   – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                xii, vii              1,002                     —

            Purchase of consumables from a related party
                   – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                xiv, vii                481                     —


            Notes:

            (i)       The purchases of goods from associates were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

            (ii)      The sales of goods to associates and related parties were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

            (iii)     The sales of machineries to an associate was charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms.

            (iv)      Consultancy income received from an associate was charged at mutually agreed fee.

            (v)       The lease of premises was charged at mutually agreed rental.

            (vi)      Transportation fees received from an associate were changed at mutually agreed fees.

            (vii)     The transactions were de minimis transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business and under normal commercial
                      terms.

            (viii)    The sale of interest in a subsidiary to a related party was charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms.

            (ix)      The disposal of a subsidiary to an associate was charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms.

            (x)       Wind farm management fees were charged at mutually agreed fees.

            (xi)      Processing fees were charged at mutually agreed prices.

            (xii)     The purchase of machinery parts was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

            (xiii)    The sale of a parcel land in Malaysia were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

            (xiv)     The purchase of consumables was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.




154   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
33 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                                            2018                2017

       Loans advance to an associate (Note 14(b))
             – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                                       36,858              79,341
       Receivable from an associate arising from sales of machineries and land parcel
             (Note (i))
             – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                99,994              53,709
       Receivable from an associate arising from consultancy income (Note (i))
             – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                     71                  69
       Receivable from a related party arising from sale of goods (Note (i))
             – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                    953                  —
       Payable to a related party arising from processing fees (Note (i))
             – An entity controlled by controlling party                                                    1,911                  —
       Payable to a related party arising from rental deposit received (Note (i))
             – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                      —                  60


       Notes:

       (i)       Balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and with no fixed term of repayment. The amounts approximate
                 their fair values and are denominated in RMB and MYR.


   (C) KEY MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION
                                                                                                            2018                2017

       Basic salaries and allowances                                                                      18,585              18,700
       Discretionary and performance bonus                                                                73,799              67,153
       Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                             110                 113
       Share options granted                                                                                1,710               1,617

                                                                                                          94,204              87,583




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




34 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY

                                                                                            As at 31 December
      Balance sheet of the Company                                               Note          2018             2017

      ASSETS
      Non-current assets
         Investments in subsidiaries                                                        211,513          120,010
         Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                     2,154,650        2,154,650

                                                                                           2,366,163        2,274,660

      Current assets
         Prepayments and other receivables                                                     3,601            3,500
         Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                               44,090               —
         Cash and bank balances                                                                2,662            1,600

                                                                                              50,353            5,100

      Total assets                                                                         2,416,516        2,279,760

      EQUITY
      Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
         Share capital                                                                      399,320          401,766
         Share premium                                                                      249,821          534,201
         Other reserves                                                          (a)          76,039           58,027
         Retained earnings                                                       (a)        149,469          106,828

      Total equity                                                                          874,649         1,100,822

      LIABILITIES
      Current liabilities
         Other payables                                                                       14,396            6,215
         Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                       1,526,866        1,165,426
         Current income tax liabilities                                                          605            7,297

                                                                                           1,541,867        1,178,938

      Total liabilities                                                                    1,541,867        1,178,938

      Total equity and liabilities                                                         2,416,516        2,279,760


      The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 25 February 2019 and was signed on its
      behalf.



      LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                                       TUNG Ching Bor
      Chairman                                                  Vice-chairman

156   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
34 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENT OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
   Note (a) Reserve movements of the Company

                                                               Capital
                                           Share option    redemption    Convertible                   Retained
                                                reserve       reserve bonds reserve     Sub-total      earnings          Total

   At 1 January 2017                            59,289         17,344        13,341        89,974       135,539       225,513
   Loss for the year                                 —             —              —            —         (28,735)      (28,735)
   Employees share option scheme:
     – proceeds from shares issued              (47,023)           —              —       (47,023)            —        (47,023)
     – value of employee services               28,441             —              —        28,441             —         28,441
     – release on forfeiture of
          share options                             (24)           —              —           (24)           24              —
     – Shares issued upon conversion of
          convertible bonds                          —             —         (11,481)     (11,481)            —        (11,481)
     – Redemption of convertible bonds               —             —          (1,860)      (1,860)            —         (1,860)

   At 31 December 2017                          40,683         17,344             —        58,027       106,828       164,855

   At 1 January 2018                            40,683         17,344             —        58,027       106,828       164,855
   Profit for the year                               —             —              —            —      2,170,073      2,170,073
   Employees share option scheme:
     – proceeds from shares issued              (17,795)           —              —       (17,795)            —        (17,795)
     – value of employee services               32,012             —              —        32,012             —         32,012
     – release on forfeiture of
          share options                             (51)           —              —           (51)           51              —
   Repurchase and cancellation of shares             —          3,846             —         3,846         (3,846)            —
   Dividend relating to 2017                         —             —              —            —      (1,124,087)   (1,124,087)
   Dividend relating to 2018                         —             —              —            —       (999,550)      (999,550)

   At 31 December 2018                          54,849         21,190             —        76,039       149,469       225,508




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS

      (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS
            The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2018 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                                 Employer’s
                                                                                                contribution
            Name of directors                                                   Discretionary     to benefit
            (Note (i))                                     Fees        Salary         bonus         scheme       Total
                                                       HK$000         HK$000         HK$000         HK$000     HK$000

            LEE Yin Yee                                     300           49          22,893             —     23,242
            TUNG Ching Bor                                  300        3,131           9,811             18    13,260
            TUNG Ching Sai                                  300        8,734          22,893             18    31,945
            LEE Shing Kan                                   300        2,594           9,811             18    12,723
            NG Ngan Ho                                      300           —               —              —        300
            LI Ching Wai                                    300           —               —              —        300
            SZE Nang Sze                                    300           —               —              —        300
            LI Ching Leung                                  300           —               —              —        300
            LAM Kwong Siu                                   300           —               —              —        300
            WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                          300           —               —              —        300
            WONG Ying Wai                                   300           —               —              —        300
            TRAN Chuen Wah, John                            300           —               —              —        300
            TAM Wai Hung, David                             300           —               —              —        300




158   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

    (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
        The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2017 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                            Employer’s
                                                                                           contribution
        Name of directors                                                 Discretionary      to benefit
        (Note (i))                               Fees           Salary          bonus          scheme             Total
                                             HK$000           HK$000          HK$000           HK$000          HK$000

        LEE Yin Yee                              300               49          21,641               —           21,990
        TUNG Ching Bor                           300            3,130            9,275              18          12,723
        TUNG Ching Sai                           300            8,602          21,641               18          30,561
        LEE Shing Kan                            300            2,785            9,275              18          12,378
        NG Ngan Ho                               300               —                —               —                 300
        LI Ching Wai                             300               —                —               —                 300
        SZE Nang Sze                             300               —                —               —                 300
        LI Ching Leung                           300               —                —               —                 300
        LAM Kwong Siu                            300               —                —               —                 300
        WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                   300               —                —               —                 300
        WONG Ying Wai                            300               —                —               —                 300
        TRAN Chuen Wah, John                     300               —                —               —                 300
        TAM Wai Hung, David                      300               —                —               —                 300




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated)




35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

      (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
            Notes:

            (i)      During the year ended 31 December 2018, none of the directors of the Company (a) received any allowances and benefits
                     in kind; (b) received or paid emoluments in respect of their other services in connection with the management of the affairs
                     of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking, except for the director set out in Note (iv) below; and (c) received or paid any
                     remuneration in respect of accepting office (2017: same).

            (ii)     The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received from the Group by these directors in respect of their
                     services as directors and/or in their respect of therir services as employees of the Company or its subsidiaris undertaking (2017:
                     same).

            (iii)    No director of the Company was appointed/resigned during the year (2017: same).

            (iv)     TUNG Ching Sai is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Group and his remuneration disclosed above include those for
                     services rendered by him as the Chief Executive Officer.




160   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

    (B) DIRECTORS’ TERMINATION BENEFITS
        During the year ended 31 December 2018, none of the directors of the Company received termination benefits.
        (2017: same).


    (C) CONSIDERATION PROVIDED TO THIRD PARTIES FOR MAKING AVAILABLE DIRECTORS ’
        SERVICES
        During the year ended 31 December 2018, the Company did not paid any consideration to third party for making
        available services of director (2017: same).


    (D) DIRECTORS’ LOANS, QUASI-LOANS AND OTHER DEALINGS
        There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate by and
        connected entities with such directors (2017: same).


    (E) DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
        Except for those transactions disclosed in Note 33, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
        relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the
        director’s connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or
        at any time during the year (2017: same).




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2018 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     161
Financial Summary
All amounts in Hong Kong dollar thousands unless otherwise stated




A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is presented below.


                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                   2018                  2017             2016             2015                 2014

Revenue                                     16,014,490          14,727,542           12,848,400     11,460,263         10,861,082
Cost of sales                              (10,139,138)             (9,283,428)      (8,189,150)     (8,327,570)        (8,127,635)

Gross profit                                  5,875,352             5,444,114         4,659,250       3,132,693          2,733,447

Profit before income tax                      4,970,140             4,696,432         3,823,451       2,379,625          1,593,376
Income tax expense                             (722,564)             (682,413)         (607,288)       (266,026)          (228,453)

Profit for the year                           4,247,576             4,014,019         3,216,163       2,113,599          1,364,923
Profit attributable to
  – Equity holders of the Company             4,236,806             4,013,764         3,213,428       2,113,143          1,363,680
  – Non-controlling interests                    10,770                   255             2,735             456                 1,243

                                              4,247,576             4,014,019         3,216,163       2,113,599          1,364,923
Dividends                                     2,077,887             1,924,874         1,646,981       1,032,327            588,363



Asset and Liabilities                                                           As at 31 December

                                                   2018                  2017             2016             2015                 2014

Total assets                                32,679,267          30,305,000           24,022,321     21,421,653         21,034,164
Total liabilities                           13,977,006          11,998,808           10,775,431       8,695,946          8,698,835

                                            18,702,261          18,306,192           13,246,890     12,725,707         12,335,329

Equity attributable to equity
  holders of the Company                    18,624,727          18,237,211           13,180,931     12,718,466         12,333,283
Non-controlling interests                        77,534                68,981           65,959            7,241                 2,046

                                            18,702,261          18,306,192           13,246,890     12,725,707         12,335,329




162    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2018
