      Contents
 2    Corporate Information

 4    Chairman’s Statement

 10   Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 17   Profile of Directors and Senior Management

 22   Corporate Governance Report

 33   Report of the Directors

 57   Independent Auditor’s Report

 63   Consolidated Balance Sheet

 65   Consolidated Income Statement

 66   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 67   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 69   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 71   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

186   Financial Summary




                  XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024   1
Corporate Information


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (Chairman) ø~                      Xinyi Glass Industrial Zone
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M (Vice Chairman)          1 Xinyi Road
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.          Wuhu Economic and Technology Development Zone
    (Chief Executive Officer) <ø                           Wuhu City, Anhui Province, China
Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H.
                                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                    IN HONG KONG

Mr. LI Ching Wai                                           Unit 2101-2108, 21st Floor
Mr. SZE Nang Sze                                           Rykadan Capital Tower
Mr. LI Ching Leung                                         135 Hoi Bun Road
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                             Kwun Tong, Kowloon
                                                           Hong Kong
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                           LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW
Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. *ø < (retired on 31 May 2024)
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu G.B.S #+<                                SQUIRE PATTON BOGGS
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel #<ø                              Suite 3201
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John #                                 One Island East
The Hon Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P. *ø <             Taikoo Place
    (appointed on 31 May 2024)                             Quarry Bay
                                                           Hong Kong
*      Chairman of audit committee
#      Members of audit committee
                                                           AUDITOR
+      Chairman of remuneration committee
ø      Members of remuneration committee                   PricewaterhouseCoopers
~      Chairman of nomination committee                      Certified Public Accountants and
<      Members of nomination committee                       Registered PIE Auditor
                                                           22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER &                                  Central, Hong Kong
COMPANY SECRETARY

Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, FCPA, AICPA


REGISTERED OFFICE

Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
Cayman Islands




2      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
PRINCIPAL BANKERS                                   WEBSITE

Bank of China (Hong Kong)                           http://www.xinyiglass.com
Citibank, N.A.
China Construction Bank                             SHARE INFORMATION
DBS Bank
                                                    Place of listing: Main Board of The Stock Exchange
Hang Seng Bank
                                                      of Hong Kong Limited
HSBC
                                                    Stock code: 00868
Huaxia Bank
                                                    Listing date: 3 February 2005
Industrial Bank
                                                    Board lot: 1,000 ordinary shares
Malayan Banking Berhad
                                                    Financial year end: 31 December
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
                                                    Share price as of the date of this annual report: HK$7.42
Bank of China
                                                    Market capitalisation as of the date of this annual report:
Bank of Communications
                                                      Approximately HK$32.3 billion
Ping An Bank
China Citic Bank
                                                    KEY DATES
Huishang Bank
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China             Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank                      determining the entitlement to attend and vote
                                                      at the Annual General Meeting:
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND                  From Tuesday, 27 May 2025 to Friday,
TRANSFER OFFICE                                       30 May 2025 (both days inclusive)
                                                    Date of Annual General Meeting: Friday, 30 May 2025
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                    Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
                                                      determining the entitlement to the final dividend:
183 Queen’s Road East
                                                      From Thursday, 5 June 2025 to Monday, 9 June 2025
Hong Kong
                                                      (both days inclusive)
                                                    Proposed final dividend payable date:
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                      On or about Wednesday, 30 July 2025
TRANSFER OFFICE

Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
Cayman Islands




                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024       3
Chairman’s Statement


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to announce the audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) for the
financial year ended 31 December 2024.

In comparison with 2023, the Group’s revenue decreased by about 8.1% to RMB22,323.6 million in 2024. The profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased significantly by about 31.0% to RMB3,369.2 million in 2024. Basic
earnings per share was RMB79.2 cents, as compared with RMB117.6 cents last year.

We are considered that the Group has achieved a reasonable level of profitability in an unfavorable market condition and
proposed payment of a final dividend of 10.0 HK cents per share (the “Share”) of the Company upon approval by the
shareholders (the “Shareholders”) of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”).

I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2024 and key development highlights for the coming year.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The growth of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) glass market was slow during the year as there were very few property
projects completed even though the PRC government encourages the property projects to be completed and delivered according
to their original plans and timelines. The PRC property market has remained weak since the fourth quarter in 2021 due to the
debt crisis and the liquidity problems faced by those leveraged property developers.

Due to the inflation in the overseas markets and high bank interest rates for loans denominated in HKD, the Group repaid most
of the HKD bank loans out of its financial resources and RMB loans. With a high percentage of low interest cost of RMB bank
loans, the Group successfully reduced its interest expenses in 2024. The low average costs of raw materials and energy in 2024
have also mitigated the negative impact of the low average selling prices (“ASP”) of the float glass products during the year.
These factors have improved the processed glass market’s profitability. As a result, the Group’s operations in the automotive
glass, architectural glass and float glass segments encountered different unusual challenges and more importantly, opportunities
that emerged from positive development in the global market in future.

The Group’s net profit for the year decreased by 31.0%, mainly due to the net impact of the significant drop of ASP of the float
glass, the one-time losses on impairment and disposal of property, plant and equipment (“PPE”) and the decrease in the profit
shared from the associate company, Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”) in 2024.

The Group implemented stringent policies on the control of the production costs and energy conservation. Also, the Group
focused on the development of innovated and high value-added components and features, float glass products of different
colours and thickness, automotive glass and architectural glass products as well as window structure-upgraded and energy
saving coating glass products. As for operations, the Group streamlined the production flow with automated connecting line,
the automated logistics and adopted flexible global marketing strategies for its float glass, architectural glass and automotive
glass products.




4    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
The PRC’s float glass demand was weak during the year, as reflected in the decrease in the ASP and the sales volume, primarily
due to the slowdown in completion of the property projects and the window installation in real estate industry in the PRC. On
the other hand, in order to achieve the carbon neutrality, the PRC government currently suspends the grant of new approval for
new float glass production capacity.

As a significant number of the PRC property developers encounter liquidity issues, the Group’s architectural glass project
business has focused on the new glass window installation projects in commercial and public projects. Most of these projects are
led by the government related entities, the state-owned enterprises in the PRC or the property developers with strong financial
position. The sales volume of the architectural glass products posted growth, even though the overall new construction projects
in the PRC market slowed down since the fourth quarter of 2021 due to a number of liquidity issues of the private property
developers.

The demand for the architectural energy-saving Low-E glass products continued the growth as supported by the Group’s
strong reputation and the outstanding track records, aggressive and flexible marketing strategies and a wide range of new
and advanced coating material choices and advanced structured glass products. As a result, the Group has increased the sales
volume of the architectural glass in the 2024.

The Group’s marketing and production strategies for the automobile glass business in 2024 continued to focus on the tackling
challenges in the slowdown of the overseas demand due to high inflation, high loan interest cost, fierce local competition and
high international freight costs with long shipping time due to the Red Sea crisis. The Group has developed new automotive
glass products for applications on advanced driver assistance systems (“ADAS”), head-up displays (“HUD”), sound proofing,
low-e coating, sunroofs, heat lining system and value-added parts which are suitable for both new and existing car models, as
well as the EV models, and are ready to be launched as and when appropriate.

The Group has explored new business opportunities in the PRC and overseas markets. The Group strengthens its business
relationship with the existing customers for the purpose of increasing the sales volume for both new and existing product
models. The Group has also participated in a wide range of exhibitions in the overseas and actively visited the overseas
customers in 2024. As a result, the Group’s automotive glass products are currently sold to customers in over 140 countries or
territories.

As one of the leading players in the global glass industry, the Group has secured its market leading position and enhanced
the economies of scale through the strategic expansion and the acquisition of production capacity across different product
segments, which uses streamlined and automated and connected production processes, at different geographical locations in
the PRC and Malaysia. The Group is building new float glass production facilities in Gresik, the Indonesia for the purpose of
increasing its overseas production capacity at low production costs.

The Group has also implemented a series of measures which are aimed to improve its performance. Such measures include
enhancing the cost control on the supply and consumption of raw materials, securing the source and the operation of silica sand
mines and shipping vessels, improving the supply chain and production flow and recycling the use of principal raw materials.
Furthermore, the Group has also improved its production process, adding more automation features and centralised control
management system to boost the production efficiency, installed the rooftop distributed solar power generation systems
and low-temperature recycling residual heat power co-generation systems to generate electricity and hot water for internal
consumption and implemented energy conservation scheme, which at the same time are also in line with the national carbon
neutral policies.



                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024      5
Chairman’s Statement


To enhance its competitiveness, the Group will continue to develop a range of unique and innovated glass products with
different colours, thickness, special coating materials, advanced glass window structure, high value-added features and parts,
accessories and specialties, advanced designs and functions, adopting proactive pricing and flexible marketing strategies and
make use of the favourable policies implemented under the 14th Five-Year Plan of the PRC government.


Improved productivity, product quality and features, technology and economies of scale to enhance
production profitability; research and development (“R&D”) in new products, new equipment and
automation and advanced float glass line design
The Group’s continuing R&D investments in new materials and coatings, production engineering, information technology, big
data analysis, environmental control, carbon neutrality awareness as well as improvements to the connected production flow,
automation and equipment maintenance programs, design of the new equipment and advanced float glass line, have enhanced
the Group’s productivity and yield rate, thus, reducing the carbon emissions, wastage, excess labour, production and energy
costs for the year.

The Group’s engineering and design division has designed the latest world-class, environmental-friendly, large capacity, energy
efficient and high yield rate float glass production lines in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia. The economies of scale have enabled
significant cost savings in the procurement, automated production process and also facilitated the increased efficiency in the
use of fuel and principal raw materials. To further control the energy costs and the carbon emissions, the Group uses clean
environmental-friendly energy by employing the rooftop distributed solar power generation systems and the low-temperature
recycling residual heat power co-generation systems to support the electricity consumption and hot water supply for the Group’s
production.

In addition, the use of natural gas as fuel for the production of high-quality float glass can reduce the carbon emissions and fulfil
the carbon neutral target, improve float glass product quality and enhance the Group’s energy cost structure.

The R&D division of the Group will continue to develop new glass products, advanced low-e coating materials and features,
value-added components for automotive glass, improve product quality and production flow to capture the new market and
business opportunities.


Exploring new and differentiated product mix and new market which enhance the Group’s overall
competitiveness
While the global market was affected by the high inflation rate, high interest cost, high freight cost, high US import tariff, severe
competition and the geopolitical risks, the Group achieved a reasonable level of profit performance in the automobile glass,
architectural glass and the high-quality float glass businesses. These demonstrate that the Group’s diversified product segments,
integrated and automated production flow, well-established full ranged supply chain, global market coverage, overseas
production facilities, upgraded product structures, state-of-the-art production lines, the expanded high value-added and
differentiated product mix and strong cashflow management could mitigate the operational pressure and risks in any specific
business segment or country in a less favourable market environment.




6     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Solid financial position and resources to future expansion
The Group has solid financial position with RMB1,709.3 million cash and bank deposits, current ratio of 1.06 with low net
debt gearing ratio of 16.3% and sufficient credit facilities available as of 31 December 2024. The Group’s strong credit history
has allowed it to reduce the effective borrowing rate to 3.3%. For the year of 2024, the Group has new bank borrowings of
RMB5,417.6 million with the net cash generated from operations of RMB5,589.7 million, demonstrating its ability to secure
financing and cash inflow from multiple channels to support its capital expenditure and future expansion.

The Group has repaid net amount of RMB162.3 million bank loan during the year and has repaid all of its HKD loan balance
since January 2025 in order to reduce the overall interest expense.


BUSINESS OUTLOOK

Through its continued emphasise on the use of innovative technologies and equipment with the centralised improvement
measures on the operational efficiency and the product quality control, the Group will continue to adopt and enhance flexible
and pro-active strategies in integrating and improving the production flow and supply chains, automation, better logistics
arrangement, differentiated product mix and the all-round marketing strategies to maintain its leadership and competitive
position in the global glass manufacturing industry.

In response to the increasingly tightened environmental protection standards on the waste emission and energy consumption
under the national carbon neutrality policy, the PRC government has continued its strict supply-side reform and control on the
expansion of the new float glass production capacity, consolidation of the existing capacity and discontinuation of the obsolete
and non-compliant float glass production facilities. The Group uses prudent and flexible strategies in response to the current
competitive situation of the float glass market in the PRC and other countries.

The prices for the soda ash are expected to maintain at low level in 2025, as compared to 2024, due to the increasing supply
in the PRC and other countries. Energy costs has decreased in 2024 as the prices of cruel oil have been moving within a narrow
and low range in the global market. Thus, the Group is cautiously optimistic on the prospects for the float glass market in 2025.
The float glass market is also expected to be supported by the PRC government initiative of ensuring the property projects to
be completed and delivered, the issue of “White Name List” to the PRC banks and the release of the multiple property buying
restrictions in different cities.

The Group has operated silica sand mine and processing factories in Beihai, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region since the
end of 2020. Such source of silica sand demonstrates the Group’s capability to achieve a high level of vertical integration of the
glass production flow and maintain a strong control on the costs and the quality of the principal raw material. The Group will
continue to explore more opportunities on new source of silica sand and raw materials in Asia in future.

The Sino-US trade conflict continues to have an adverse impact by imposing additional import tariff on the US aftermarket
automobile glass customers. It may cause inflation in the US. The Group’s new automobile glass production lines in the Malaysia
has mitigated the impact of the import tariff. Another new automobile glass production lines in Gresik, East Java, Indonesia will
commence its operation during first half of 2025. The Group will continue to explore other opportunities for the expansion of
the overseas production capacity in order to counter the import tariff issues.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024     7
Chairman’s Statement


The PRC government is expected to launch in the near future further stimulating economic and monetary policies to promote
the domestic consumption cycle and improve the property market environment. The policies would result in reduced pressure
on the funding channels for completion of the designated property projects and the delivery of new property projects to the
property buyers, which would result in more construction projects and window installations in 2025 and would increase the
demand for the float glass and the architectural glass products.

The Directors are also optimistic on the continuous development of the Group’s automobile glass aftermarket and OEM
businesses in both the PRC and global market as the number of vehicles and the new cars sales globally and in the PRC are
expected to increase in 2025, as well as on the prospects of increasing sales in the advanced glass window structure products,
such as the energy-saving and single, double and triple insulated Low-E glass segments, with the target of carbon neutrality in
the PRC in the future.

After years of expansion of its production facilities in the major economic zones of the PRC and Southeast Asia, the Group
continues to explore acquisitions and new expansion opportunities in the PRC and overseas, which can provide direct access to
other markets, lower labour and raw material costs, better production and energy costs and more favourable tax treatment and
other incentives. Currently, the Group is building a new float glass production complex with automobile glass and architectural
glass facilities in Gresik, Indonesia to expand its business footprints in the ASEAN countries.

Since 2021, the Group has formed a new division dedicated to carbon neutrality, which is vested with the responsibility for the
planning, implementation and monitoring of the Group’s carbon neutrality policies and targets. Its initiated energy conservation
plan also helps to improve the overall energy cost structure and employee awareness of carbon neutrality of the Group.

The Directors also believe that clean and renewable energy will become the major source of energy in the future and that the
demand for clean and renewable energy will continue to increase in the PRC and global market.

Solar energy is among the most efficient and reliable form of renewable energy with lower investment and installation costs
and a shorter installation time than hydropower, nuclear power and wind power. It is also safe in operation. There will be an
increasing number of solar farms to be constructed in the PRC and global market in the near future in support of the national
goal of “carbon neutrality” by 2060. European market has enjoyed a high growth due to the energy crisis brought by the Russia-
Ukraine war since 2022.

The Group will continue to allocate sufficient resources to R&D, enhancement of product quality and development of new
products and materials, models and features, promoting innovative technologies, new equipment, automation, improved
production flow as well as exploring new markets, increasing production efficiency, achieving carbon neutrality goal and
integrated logistics arrangement. The Group will also focus on the staff trainings for the purpose of maintaining the production
safety standards, competitiveness, marketing skill and hence, enhancing profitability.




8     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
CONCLUSION

The Group continues to tackle and overcome different challenges arising from the changes in the global market, financial risks,
geopolitic risks and the tariff threat by bolstering its efficiency and increasing its profit performance through more pro-active,
effective and flexible management strategies across its different management functions, such as cash management, credit
control, ESG, human capital, information technology, logistics, procurement and supply chain, production, sales and marketing,
operational and R&D activities, as well as the expansion of its business collaboration with its customers, suppliers and business
partners. The Directors believe that these will enable the Group to maximise the profit from the domestic market in the PRC
and other emerging and overseas markets in addition to being cautiously optimistic about the Group’s long-term business
development prospects.

The Group will continue to enhance its proven business strategies with innovative ideas to maintain and strengthen its growth
and performance in future. To sustain its industry-leading position, the Group is also exploring opportunities for expanding
its business presence in the global glass and related upstream markets across a broad spectrum of industries, applications,
technologies and products as well as developing other business partnerships that would be beneficial to the overall business
development of the Group and its employees, shareholders and stakeholders.




Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
Chairman

28 February 2025




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024       9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


INTRODUCTION

The Group is engaged in the production and sales of a wide range of glass products, including automobile glass, energy-saving
architectural glass, high-quality float glass and glass products for different commercial and industrial applications. These glass
products are manufactured at the Group’s production facilities strategically located in the PRC and Malaysia. In the PRC, the
Group’s production facilities are established in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Jiangmen in Guangdong Province, Wuhu in Anhui
Province, Chongqing, Tianjin, Yingkou in Liaoning Province, Deyang in Sichuan Province, Zhangjiagang in Jiangsu Province,
Beihai in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, and Chengmai County in Hainan Province. In Malaysia, the Group operates a
production plant in Malacca. In addition to the glass products, the Group also produces rubber plastic parts and components
relating to glass products and components for the advanced driver assistance systems (ADAS) installed on the automobile glass.

The Group’s customers are located in over 140 countries and territories, including the PRC, Hong Kong, the United States (“US”),
Canada, Australia, New Zealand and other countries in Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa and the Americas. The Group’s
customers include companies engaged in different business activities, from the automobile glass manufacturing, wholesaling
and distribution; automobile repairs and maintenance; car manufacturing; curtain wall design, engineering and installation;
architectural and furniture glass manufacturing; electronic, industrial and household appliance manufacturing to the float glass
manufacturing, wholesaling and distribution.


BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year ended 31 December 2024, strong US dollars macro economic environment with high interest rates, the
slowdown of the PRC property market and the tight liquidity have significantly affected the performance of the PRC economy.
The Group’s three principal glass product businesses, namely float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, have faced
different challenges and pressure in the sales volume and the selling prices.

In 2024, the revenue of the Group decreased by 8.1% to RMB22,323.6 million, as compared to RMB24,293.7 million in 2023.
The amount of the profit for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company decreased by 31.0% to RMB3,369.2
million, as compared to RMB4,883.1 million in 2023. The compound annual growth rate of the Group’s sales during the five-
year period including 2024 was 7.6%. Basic earnings per share amounted to RMB79.2 cents, representing a decrease of 32.6%
as compared to 2023. The Board considers that the Group has achieved a reasonable level of profit performance amid the
global unfavourable market conditions. The Board proposes to declare a final dividend of 10.0 HK cents per Share, subject to
the approval by the Shareholders at the AGM.




10    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Sales
The sales revenue of the Group decrease by 8.1% in 2024. Such decrease was primarily due to the significant decrease in the
average selling prices of float glass products both in the PRC and the overseas markets. The increase in the automobile glass
revenue was mainly due to the increase of new orders from the PRC car manufacturers, domestics and overseas aftermarket
sales customers with proactive and flexible marketing strategies.

The tables below set forth the Group’s sales by products and by geographical regions:

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                                2024                                     2023
                                                                  RMB’million                      %         RMB’million                    %
                                                                                                                (restated)

By Products
Float glass products                                                   12,909.9                  57.8           15,839.7                   65.2
Automobile glass products (Note)                                         6,304.8                 28.3             5,417.3                  22.3
Architectural glass products                                             3,108.9                 13.9             3,036.7                  12.5

                                                                       22,323.6                100.0            24,293.7                  100.0


Note:

Included sales of automobile glass and automobile rubber and plastic components on an original equipment manufacturing (“OEM”) basis and
on an aftermarkets basis, respectively.

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                                2024                                     2023
                                                                  RMB’million                      %         RMB’million                    %
                                                                                                                (restated)

By Geographical Regions
Greater China (Note (a))                                               15,247.5                  68.3           17,619.3                   72.5
Others (Note (b))                                                        7,076.1                 31.7             6,674.4                  27.5

                                                                       22,323.6                100.0            24,293.7                  100.0


Notes:

(a)      Greater China include the PRC and Hong Kong.

(b)      Others include countries in Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Africa, the Middle East, Central America, North and South America.




                                                                                   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024          11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Cost of Sales
The cost of sales (excluding losses on impairment and disposal of property, plant and equipment) decreased by 8.4% to
RMB15,091.8 million in 2024, as compared to RMB16,476.2 million in 2023. The decrease in the production costs was mainly
attributable to the decrease in the sales volume of float glass as well as decreases in the average costs of raw materials and
energy in the PRC during the year. The drop of the production costs was also attributable by the improved production efficiency,
cost control measures and the increasing use of renewable energy by the Group.


Gross Profit
The gross profit (excluding of the losses on impairment and disposal of property, plant and equipment) of the Group in 2024
amounted to RMB7,231.8 million, representing a decrease of 7.5%, as compared to RMB7,817.5 million in 2023. The gross
profit margin slightly increased from 32.2% to 32.4% principally due to the increases in the average selling prices of automobile
glass products.


Other Income
Other income increased significantly to RMB721.7 million, as compared to RMB605.7 million in 2023. The increase was mainly
due to the increase in the rental income and the sales of self-generated electricity to the grid during the year.


Other Gains/(Losses), Net
There were the net other gains of RMB113.5 million. As compared to the net other losses of RMB40.4 million in 2023, the
significant difference was mainly due to the significant increase in other foreign exchange gain in 2024.


Selling and Marketing Costs
The Group’s selling and marketing costs decreased by 11.0% to RMB1,055.7 million in 2024. The decrease was principally due
to the decrease in the domestic transportation costs and duties expenses.


Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses increased by 9.4% to RMB2,244.0 million in 2024, mainly due to the
increase in the staff costs for the new production plants under construction.


Share of Profits of Associates
Share of profits of associates was mainly generated from the Company’s associate companies, namely Xinyi Solar and Xinyi
Energy Holdings Limited. The share of profits decreased to RMB196.9 million, as compared to RMB912.3 million in 2023. The
decrease was mainly due to the decreased profit contribution from these two associate companies.




12    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Finance Costs
The Group’s finance costs decreased significantly by 60.3% to RMB181.0 million in 2024 mainly due to the refinancing of most
of the HKD loans with the RMB loans which have lower interest rates during the year.

A portion of the interest expense incurred as construction-in-progress and acquisition of land, plant and machinery at the
production complexes in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia has been capitalised under construction-in-progress and will be
depreciated subsequently once the related production facilities and the new production lines commence the commercial
operation. An interest expense amounted to RMB88.5 million was capitalised under construction-in-progress in 2024, which
represented a slight decrease of 6.4%, as compared to RMB94.6 million in 2023. Such slight decrease in 2024 was due to the
significant decrease in the total finance costs and an increase in the capital expenditure incurred by the Group on the building
and construction during the year.


Earnings Before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”)
EBITDA decreased by 21.4% to RMB5,832.4 million for the year ended 31 December 2024, as compared to RMB7,423.6 million
in 2023.


Income Tax Expense
The Group’s income tax expense decreased by 0.4% to RMB876.1 million in 2024 due to the decreased amount of profits
generated and the increase in the payment of PRC dividend withholding tax during the year. The effective tax rate was 20.6%
(2023: 15.2%), which was lower than the standard tax rates and higher than effective tax rate in 2023 mainly due to less profits
shared from by the associate companies as compared to 2023.

The PRC dividend withholding tax of RMB200.0 million was paid in 2024 (2023: RMB142.7 million).

A total amount of RMB826.1 million dividends from the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC were used for re-investment purpose
in the PRC and hence, no withholding tax has been recognised in accordance with the PRC dividend withholding tax rules under
the current PRC taxation policies in 2024.


Net Profit
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB3,369.2 million in 2024, representing a decrease of 31.0%, as
compared to RMB4,883.1 million in 2023. Net profit margin decreased to 15.1% in 2024.


CURRENT RATIO

The Group’s current ratio as of 31 December 2024 was 1.06, as compared with 1.20 as of 31 December 2023. The decrease
in the current ratio was mainly due to the lower cash balance and the higher short-term bank borrowings as of 31 December
2024.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024     13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


NET CURRENT ASSETS

As of 31 December 2024, the Group had net current assets of RMB666.0 million, as compared to RMB2,063.3 million as of 31
December 2023. The decrease was generally consistent with the decreases in the current ratio and net profit and increase of
capital expenditure.


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND COMMITMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group incurred capital expenditure of RMB5,124.0 million (2023: RMB3,202.9
million) for the purchase of plant and machinery and the construction of production facilities in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia.
Capital commitments contracted for but not incurred by the Group as of 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB1,174.0 million
(2023: RMB1,419.5 million), which was mainly related to the new production capacities of architectural glass, automobile glass
and float glass, to be expanded in the PRC and Indonesia.


CAPITAL STRUCTURE

There has been no material change in the capital structure of the Company during the year. The capital of the Group companies
comprises the ordinary shares.


FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

In 2024, the Group’s primary source of funding included cash generated from its operating activities and the new banking
facilities provided by its principal banks in Hong Kong and the PRC. Net cash inflow from operating activities amounted to
RMB5,589.7 million (2023: RMB4,476.4 million) as a result of efficient working capital management which led to a net cash
increase from operations. As of 31 December 2024, the Group had cash and bank balances (including fixed deposits and
pledged bank deposits) of RMB1,709.3 million (2023: RMB3,123.4 million).


BANK BORROWINGS

As of 31 December 2024, the Group’s bank borrowings amounted to RMB7,313.1 million, representing a decrease of 1.8%, as
compared to RMB7,450.6 million as of 31 December 2023, because of the repayment of bank loans by cash on hand to reduce
the loan interest expense during the year.

The Group’s net debt gearing ratio as of 31 December 2024 was 16.3% (31 December 2023: 13.3%). This ratio was arrived by
dividing the net debt, which is calculated as total bank borrowings plus lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank
deposits and pledged bank deposits, by the total equity of the Group as of 31 December 2024.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As of 31 December 2024, bank balance of RMB83.1 million has been pledged as collateral principally for import duties payable
to the US government.




14    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of 31 December 2024, the Group had 16,485 full-time employees, of whom 15,039 were based in the PRC and 1,446 were
based in Hong Kong and other countries and territories. The Group maintains good relationship with its employees and provides
employees with sufficient training in business and professional knowledge including information about the applications of the
Group’s products and skills in maintaining good client relationship. Remuneration packages offered to the Group’s employees
are generally consistent with prevailing market rates and are reviewed on a regular basis. Discretionary bonus may be awarded
to employees taking into consideration the Group’s performance and that of individual staff.

Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, the Group has participated in relevant defined contribution retirement schemes
administered by responsible government authorities in the PRC for its employees there. The Group’s employees in Hong
Kong are all participating in mandatory provident fund arrangements as required by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong).


FINAL DIVIDEND

At the meeting of the Board held on 28 February 2025, the Directors consider that the Group has achieved a reasonable level of
profitability under an unfavourable market condition and recommended the payment of a final dividend (the “Final Dividend”)
of 10.0 HK cents per Share for the year ended 31 December 2024. The recommendation of payment of the Final Dividend is
subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM which is expected to be held on Friday, 30 May 2025. If approved by
the Shareholders, it is expected that the Final Dividend will be paid to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of
members of the Company on Monday, 9 June 2025.

Shareholders will be given an option to receive the Final Dividend in cash or wholly or partly in new and fully paid shares of the
Company in lieu of cash. The scrip dividend scheme (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”) is subject to the Stock Exchange granting
the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be allotted and issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.

The Company will announce separately further information on the Scrip Dividend Scheme which includes the market value
of the scrip shares under the Scrip Dividend Scheme which is expected to represent a discount to the average closing price
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days commencing on Tuesday, 3 June 2025 until
Monday, 9 June 2025 (both days inclusive) rounded down to two decimal places.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024      15
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


TREASURY POLICIES AND EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES

The Group has adopted treasury policies for the purpose of optimising the use of readily available financial resources for the
business needs of its subsidiaries. The Directors believe that such treasury policies are an integral part of the business operations
of the Group and are beneficial to the Group as a whole by reducing the costs and interests that may otherwise be borne by
its relevant subsidiaries in arranging the required banking facilities to meet obligations. For example, the Group has adopted a
centralised approach in managing funds available to its headquarters, subsidiaries and branches, including cash, bank deposits,
securities, bills and other financial instruments. These assets, such as bills and financial instruments, are managed and arranged
amongst the subsidiaries through proper endorsements or transfers to the different subsidiaries so they can be fully utilised to
meet the Group’s payment obligations with minimal financing cost. The Group closely monitors the level of use of the treasury
policies, and the value of each of these transactions only represents an immaterial part of its total assets and undertakings. The
Directors believe that these policies promote the efficient use of the Group’s financial resources.

In addition, the treasury policies of the Group also include mechanisms to mitigate its foreign exchange risks. The Group mainly
operates in the PRC with most of its significant transactions denominated and settled in RMB and USD. The exchange rate
fluctuations between RMB and USD, with RMB is the reporting currency of the Group, could affect the Group’s performance
and asset value. The Directors do not expect that the Group is subject to any significant foreign exchange risk for transactions
conducted in RMB or USD. The Group also has production facilities and activities in Malaysia and Indonesia. The exchange rate
fluctuations between Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”), Indonesia Rupiah (“IDR”) and RMB could also affect the Group’s performance
and asset value.

Because of the depreciation in the exchange rate of RMB during the year, the Group reported non-cash translation decreases in
the exchange reserve of its consolidated balance sheet — when converting HKD, MYR and IDR-denominated assets into RMB.
For the year ended 31 December 2024, an exchange reserve decrease of RMB0.36 million was recorded as foreign currency
translation reserve movement. As a result, the balance of the consolidated foreign currency translation reserve account recorded
a debit balance of RMB1,163.6 million as of 31 December 2024, as compared to a debit balance of RMB1,163.3 million as of 31
December 2023.

Relating to the Group’s majority business is in the PRC, the revenue from the sales of glass products in the PRC is denominated
in RMB whilst most bank borrowings are denominated in RMB. In implementing its treasury policies, the Group maintained a
deliberate balance between the currency risk and the interest savings arising from RMB-denominated bank borrowings. As of 31
December 2024, 96.2% of the bank borrowings of the Group were denominated in RMB and 3.8% of the bank borrowings of
the Group were denominated in HKD.

The Group has not experienced any material difficulties and liquidity issues resulting from currency exchange fluctuations.
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has not used any financial instrument for hedging purposes.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of 31 December 2024, the Group did not have any significant contingent liability (31 December 2023: Nil).


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

Save as disclosed in this report, there was no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies during
the year ended 31 December 2024.


16    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                               Profile of Directors and Senior Management


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (李賢義) aged 72, is the Chairman and founder, responsible for the Group’s business strategy. Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, S.B.S. has more than 35 years’ experience in the automobile glass industry. Prior to establishing the Group, Dr. LEE Yin Yee,
S.B.S. was involved in the trading of automobile parts. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. has been the member of the 10th, 11th, 12th
and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and an honorary citizen of Shenzhen
in the PRC. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. obtained a honorable doctorate degree in engineering from the Universiti Teknikal Malaysia
Melaka in November 2018. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was appointed in December 2003 as the first chairman of Fujian Chamber
of Commerce in Shenzhen (formerly known as Shenzhen Fujian Corporate Association). Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is also the Life
Honorary Chairman of the Hong Kong Quanzhou Clans United Association and the Fukienese Association Limited in Hong
Kong. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H.,the executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is also the
brother-in-law of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor, the Vice Chairman and executive Director and brother-in-law of Tan Sri Datuk
TUNG Ching Sai J.P., the Chief Executive Officer and executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was appointed as the executive
Director on 25 June 2004. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. currently is the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Solar, a company
listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (stock code: 0968). He was an
executive director of Xinyi Solar and re-designated as the non-executive director on 31 July 2023. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was the
chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”), a company listed on the main board of
the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3868) from 28 May 2019 to 4 August 2020.

Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M (董清波), aged 62, is the Vice Chairman and Chief Purchasing Officer, responsible for
managing the Group’s daily operations and overseeing the purchasing functions. Prior to joining us in January 2000, Datuk Wira
TUNG Ching Bor had over 23 years’ experience in automobile parts purchase. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor was a member of the
10th Anhui Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and a member of Nanping Municipal
Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference in Fujian. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor is the brother-in-law
of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., the executive Director, brother of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., the Chief Executive Officer and
executive Director, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H., the executive Director. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor was appointed as
the executive Director on 25 June 2004.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024      17
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M , J.P. (董清世), aged 59, is the executive Director and Chief Executive Officer. Tan Sri
Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. has been with the Group for over 35 years since the inception in November 1988 and is responsible
for overseeing the Group’s daily operations. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is a member of National Committee of the
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and a standing committee member of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous
Regional Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, (中國人民政治協商會議廣西壯族自治區委員會
常務委員), a member of the executive committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce (全國工商聯執行委員
會委員), chairman of the Happy Hong Kong Foundation, and the president of Hong Kong Industrial & Commercial Association,
vice chairman of the China Architectural and Industrial Glass Association (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會), the Third Shenzhen
Municipal Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneur in September 2001 and was awarded the “Young Industrialist Awards of Hong
Kong 2006”. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. graduated from the Sun Yat-Sen University with an executive master degree
of business administration in 2007. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., brother
of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H., all of them are the executive Directors. Tan Sri Datuk
TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the vice
chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Solar, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
0968), the vice chairman and executive director of Xinyi Energy, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 3868) and the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Electric Storage”).
a company listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (“GEM”) of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).

Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H.(李聖根), aged 45, is the executive Director and is responsible for overseeing the overall automobile
glass operation. Mr. LEE Shing Kan joined the Company in January 2005. Mr. LEE Shing Kan holds a bachelor’s degree in
commerce from The University of Melbourne, Australia and a master’s degree in applied finance from Monash University,
Australia. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the standing member of the Sichuan Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political
Consultative Conference and chief supervisor of the Federation of HK Sichuan Community organisations. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was
the director (2012-2014) of Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. Mr. LEE Shing Kan has been the executive committee member and
the chairman of the Lok Sin Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon since 2018 and April 2023 respectively. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the
son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., nephew of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P., all of them are
the executive Directors. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was appointed as the executive Director on 15 October 2008. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is a
non-executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).




18   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai (李清懷), aged 67, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. LI Ching Wai has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. LI Ching Wai was appointed as the
non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. SZE Nang Sze (施能獅), aged 67, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to
joining the Group, Mr. SZE Nang Sze has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. SZE Nang Sze was appointed
as the non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. LI Ching Leung (李清涼), aged 68, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2004. Mr. LI Ching
Leung was the assistant general manager of the Wuhu production complex. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. LI Ching Leung has
worked in the trading of automobile parts industry, manufacturing of plastic products and mould industry, and manufacturing
of leather products industry. Mr. LI Ching Leung was appointed as the executive Director on 25 August 2004 and was re-
designated as the non-executive Director on 14 September 2005.

Mr. NG Ngan Ho (吳銀河), aged 60, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2003. Mr. NG Ngan
Ho was responsible for overseeing the financial and purchasing matters of the Dongguan production complex. Mr. NG Ngan Ho
was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004 and was re-designated as the non-executive Director on 1 July 2007.
Mr. NG Ngan Ho is the executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
8328).


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. (林廣兆), aged 91, is the adviser of BOC International Holdings Limited, the honorary chairman of
Hong Kong Federation of Fujian Associations, the Life Honorary Chairman of Hong Kong Fukien Chamber of Commerce, the
vice chairman of Fujian Hong Kong Economic Co-operation, the Life Honorary Chairman of the Chinese General Chamber of
Commerce, the adviser of the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association, the honorary president of the Chinese Bankers Club
of Hong Kong. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu has also been the director of Bank of China International Limited (formerly named “BOCI
Capital Limited”) since July 2002. Mr. LAM Kwong Sui has also been an independent non-executive director of Fujian Holdings
Limited (stock code: 0181) since December 2003, Yuzhou Group Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 1628) since October
2009 and Far East Consortium International Limited (stock code: 0035) since September 2011, all of them are listed on the main
board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was awarded the HKSAR Gold Bauhinia Star and Silver Bauhinia Star in 2016
and 2003, respectively. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.




                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024    19
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel (王則左), aged 75, is currently a Barrister-at-Law in Hong Kong and a Chartered Arbitrator. Mr.
WONG Chat Chor Samuel, a member of several arbitration institutions, is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, a
Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, Executive Council member of the Hong Kong Society for Rehabilitation and
Crime Prevention, is the immediate past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, is a member of the International
Chamber of Commerce (“ICC”) and the ICC Arbitration Committee of Hong Kong. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is also on
the panels of the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission, the Hong Kong International Arbitration
Center and on the panels of the Arbitration Commissions of Wuhan, Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration, Shanghai
Court of International Arbitration, Guangzhou and Nanjing of China. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel was a member of the
Peoples’ Political Consultative Committee of Wenzhou, Zhejiang, the PRC. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel received a master
degree in business administration from Harvard University and a master and a bachelor degree in Arts from Tufts University,
Massachusetts. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.

Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John (陳傳華), aged 53, obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Simon Fraser
University in June 1993 and obtained a doctorate degree of ministry from Fuller Theological Seminary in 2017. Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John is currently a minister of Evangelical Free Church of China Jachin Church Limited. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John has
over 16 years of experience in accounting and investment banking industry, during which Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John had
worked in Price Waterhouse (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers) and various financial institutions and investment banks in
Hong Kong. During the period between 2003 and 2006, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was the Managing Director and the Head
of Investment Banking of Kingsway Financial Services Group Limited (“Kingsway Group”). Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was a
consultant to Kingsway Group during the period from 2006 to 2009. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a member of each of
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 1996 and
1997, respectively. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a Chartered Financial Analyst (granted by the Association for Investment
Management and Research) in September 1999. Dr.TRAN Chuen Wah, John was appointed as the independent non-executive
Director on 31 December 2012.

The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P. (李慧琼) (“Ms. LEE”), aged 50, currently a member of Legislative Council of the Hong
Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China (the “HKSAR”) and the chairlady of the House Committee
of the Legislative Council. Ms. LEE is also a member of the Standing Committee of the 14th National People’s Congress of the
People’s Republic of China. Ms. LEE also serves as a Court Member of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and
a Honorary Professor of the Education University of Hong Kong. Ms. LEE is an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of
Certified Public Accountants. Ms. LEE has successively been employed by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Crowe (HK) CPA Limited
and KPMG, and is currently a consultant to KPMG. Ms. LEE is an associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance
Institute. Ms. LEE has been appointed as an independent supervisor of the fourth session of the board of supervisors of The
People’s Insurance Company (Group) of China Limited, the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange and the Shanghai
Stock Exchange (stock code: 1339.HK, 601319.SH), since 11 October 2021. Ms. Ms. LEE was a member of Kowloon City District
Council of the HKSAR during the period from January 2000 to December 2023 and has been acting as a non-official member
of the Executive Council of the government of the HKSAR from July 2012 to March 2016. During the period from April 2015 to
September 2023, Ms. LEE acted as the chairlady of Democratic Alliance for the Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong (“DAB”),
following which Ms. LEE is currently an adviser to DAB.




20   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. LAU Sik Yuen (劉錫源), aged 58, is the Company Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of the Group. Prior to
joining the Group in April 2003, Mr. LAU had over thirteen years’ experience in auditing and financial accounting industry. Mr.
LAU is responsible for the Group’s financial, management and cost accounting, taxation, treasury and investor relations strategy
and operation. Mr. LAU had worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers for over five years, and had been the financial controller of a
subsidiary of a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange for over three years. Mr. LAU is a fellow member of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. LENG Xue Feng (冷雪峰), aged 57, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s float glass and
electronic glass operations. Mr. LENG obtained bachelor degree in silicate from Qíqíhaer Light Industrial University. Prior to
joining the Group in July 2007, Mr. LENG had worked in float glass sector for eighteen years.

Mr. GUO Jian Lin (郭建林), aged 56, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s information and
technology centre and double chain management. Mr. GUO obtained a bachelor degree in industrial management from Jiangxi
University of Finance and Economics. Mr. GUO is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Prior to
joining the Group in March 2008, Mr. GUO had been worked in accounting and auditing sector.

Mr. LIAO Jiang Hong (廖江洪), aged 47, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s architectural
glass projects operation. Mr. LIAO obtained a diploma of psychology from Chinese Academy of Sciences. He joined the Group in
April 1994.


Mr. XU Bi Zhong (許必忠), aged 56, is the General Manager of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s logistics and
central purchasing centre operations. Mr. XU obtained a diploma of administrative management from Shenzhen University.
Prior to joining the Group in May 2004, Mr. XU worked for a float glass trading company and a float glass plant in PRC for over
twelve years.


Ms. WU Ya Li (吳亞麗), aged 59, is the assistant to the president (the General Manager of the Group) and is mainly overseeing
the Group’s Research Institute of Glass Production and carbon management. Ms. Wu obtained a bachelor degree in inorganic
non-metallic materials engineering from Wuhan University of Technology. Prior to joining the Group in May 2011, she worked
as a senior engineer in Qinhuangdao Glass Industry Research and Design Institute and in the glass industry for over 25 years.


Ms. LIU Jianmei (劉建梅), aged 40, is the General Manager of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s office system and
the Group’s internal control centre. Ms. Liu joined the Group in March 2008 with a bachelor degree.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024       21
Corporate Governance Report


The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in the management structure and internal control
procedures of the Group for the purpose of ensuring that all business activities of the Group and the decision-making process
are properly regulated and are in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. For corporate governance purpose,
the Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set forth in Part 2 of the Appendix C1 to The Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the year of
2024.

In the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the CG Code
throughout the year ended 31 December 2024.

The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. Its key responsibilities include providing
leadership and supervision to the Management with a view to protecting the Shareholders’ interests and enhancing
Shareholders’ long-term value.

The Board has established the Group’s purpose, values and strategies and was satisfied that they are aligned with the Group’s
culture. All Directors must act with integrity, lead by example, and promote the desired culture. The Board should instil and
continually reinforce across the Company’s values of “acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly”.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board closely monitored the implementation of corporate governance practice,
risk management and internal control systems to ensure the corporate value and the Company’s culture are aligned.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

One of the responsibilities of the Board is to prevent fraud and non-compliance issues, safeguard the assets of the Group
and formulate the overall business strategies for the Group. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors, four non-
executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors. Further information on the Directors is set forth on pages 17
to 20 of this annual report.

The four executive Directors are Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.
and Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H.. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H., and also the brother-in-law of
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor is the elder brother of Tan
Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Hence, Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H. is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and nephew of Datuk Wira
TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P..

The four non-executive Directors are Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. LI Ching Leung and Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

The four independent non-executive Directors are Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John and The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P..

Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. was retired as the independent non-executive Director on 31 May 2024.

The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P., who was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 31 May 2024,
attended a training session on 17 April 2024, at which an external legal adviser provided legal advice on Hong Kong law as
regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to her as a director of the Company and the possible
consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange. The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king,
G.B.S., J.P. has confirmed her understanding of the information provided by the legal adviser.



22      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
The Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive directors, one independent non-executive director of which has the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related finance management expertise and the independent non-executive directors represent at
least one-third of the Board.

The articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company provide that at each annual general meeting, one-third of the
Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation and that every Director shall subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years. Where there is any casual vacancy in the Board, candidates will be proposed and put forward to the
Board for consideration and approval, with a view to appointing to the Board individuals with the appropriate capabilities to fill
the casual vacancy.

All of the four non-executive Directors were appointed for a term of three years. For the independent non-executive Directors,
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. and Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, were appointed for a term of three years commenced from 3
February 2023. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was appointed for a term of three years commenced from 31 December 2024 and
The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P. appointed for a term of three years commenced from 31 May 2024. The Company
has received written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in
accordance with the independence guidelines pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all
independent non-executive Directors have fulfilled the independence guidelines set forth under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the Chairman of the Group and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the Chief Executive Officer of the
Group. The Chairman is responsible for managing and providing leadership to the Board. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is responsible
for ensuring that the Group has maintained strong and effective corporate governance practices and procedures. The Chief
Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the business of the Group. With the assistance of other
members of the Board and other senior management, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. closely monitors the operating and
financial results of the Group, identifies any weakness in the operation and takes all necessary and appropriate steps to remedy
such weakness. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is also responsible for formulating the future business plans and strategies of
the Group for the Board’s approval.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024      23
Corporate Governance Report


Attendance records of the Directors at board meetings and general meeting in 2024 are as follows:

                                                                                              Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                    Annual
                                                                                                    general          Board
                                                                                                    meeting      meetings

Executive Directors
     LEE Yin Yee                                                                                        1/1             4/4
     TUNG Ching Bor                                                                                     1/1             4/4
     TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                     1/1             4/4
     LEE Shing Kan                                                                                      1/1             4/4

Non-executive Directors
     LI Ching Wai                                                                                       1/1             4/4
     LI Ching Leung                                                                                     1/1             4/4
     SZE Nang Sze                                                                                       1/1             4/4
     NG Ngan Ho                                                                                         1/1             4/4

Independent non-executive Directors
     LAM Kwong Siu                                                                                      1/1             4/4
     WONG Chat Chor Samuel                                                                              1/1             4/4
     TRAN Chuen Wah, John                                                                               1/1             4/4
     YANG Siu Shun (retired on 31 May 2024)                                                             1/1             1/4
     LEE Wai King (appointed on 31 May 2024)                                                            0/1             3/4

During the financial year ended 31 December 2024, the Board has four meetings and all the Directors had attended these
meetings.

The Board is responsible for the formulation of the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, monitoring and evaluating
the operating and financial performance, the review of the corporate governance measures and supervision of the overall
management of the Group. The senior management of the Group is responsible for the implementation of the business
strategies and the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Directors have
full access to all the information of the Group in regard to the business operation and financial performance of the Group.
Senior management of the Group also provides the Directors from time to time with information on business operation of the
Group.




24      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
MECHANISM REGARDING INDEPENDENT VIEWS TO THE BOARD

The Board has implemented different ways to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board (the “Mechanism”).
The Board will conduct annual review on the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism and the results will be
presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism and the
results were satisfactory.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted The Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as
set forth in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors. Having made
specific enquiries to the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard of dealings as set
forth in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2024.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor
Samuel, Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. and The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king G.B.S., J.P.. Dr. YANG
Siu Shun, J.P. was ceased to be the member of the Remuneration Committee following his retirement on 31 May 2024. The
chairman of the Remuneration Committee is Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S..

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing the terms of the remuneration packages of and
determining the award of bonuses to Directors and senior management and reviewing and approving matters related to share
schemes. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. During the year ended 31
December 2024, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held and all the committee members attended this meeting.

Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the
year ended 31 December 2024 is set forth below:

                                                                                                                     Number of
In the band of                                                                                                       individuals

Over RMB10,000,000                                                                                                             4
RMB1,000,001 to RMB4,000,000                                                                                                   7

Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 34 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 165 to 167 in this
annual report.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024     25
Corporate Governance Report


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S,
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P. Dr. YANG Siu Shun,
J.P. was ceased to be the Chairman of the Audit Committee following his retirement on 31 May 2024. The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-
king, G.B.S., J.P. is the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee assists the Board to review the financial information and reporting process, evaluate the effectiveness of
internal control systems and oversee the auditing processes of the Group. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2024
for reviewing the annual and interim financial results and reports as well as the financial reporting and compliance procedures,
internal control and risk management systems, scope of work and appointment of external auditors, and all the committee
members attended these meetings.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee of the Board consists of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LAM Kwong
Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel and The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P.. Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. was ceased
to be the member of the Nomination Committee following his retirement on 31 May 2024. The chairman of the Nomination
Committee is Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board on a regular basis,
assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the Company, and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the appointment, retirement and re-election of Directors. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange. The Nomination Committee held one meeting for annual review of board structure and
diversity and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors for the year ended 31 December 2024 and all the
committee members attended this meeting.




26   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
NOMINATION POLICY

When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any
existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including without limitation the
following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

–     Reputation for integrity;

–     Achieve board diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
      professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

–     Merit and contribution that candidate will bring to the Board;

–     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Listing Rules for the appointment of an independent
      non-executive Director if the proposed candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director; and

–     Able to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder
of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board.

Procedures for Shareholders’ nomination of any proposed candidate for election as a director are stated in “Mechanisms
available for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company” and disclosed in the Company’s
website.


BOARD DIVERSITY

The Board considers that its diversity is a vital asset to the business and has adopted a board diversity policy for better
transparency and governance. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The Company adopted the board
diversity policy (the “Diversity Policy”) as required by the CG Code. The Nomination Committee will discuss and agree on
measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption,
as set forth in the Diversity Policy of the Company.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024   27
Corporate Governance Report


The members of the Board, who come from a variety of different backgrounds, have a diverse range of business, and
professional expertise. A majority of the Directors have more than 26 years’ experience serving as an executive officer or a
director of a company in the glass industry. The table below sets forth an analysis of the Board’s current composition based on
the measurable objectives:

Measurable objective                                 Category                                             Number of Director

Gender                                               Male                                                                   11
                                                     Female                                                                   1

Age                                                  41-60                                                                    5
                                                     Over 60                                                                  7

Based on the foregoing, the composition and diversity of the Board enable the management to benefit from a diverse and
objective external perspective, on issues raised before the Board.

Brief biographical particulars of the Directors, together with information relating to the relationship among them, are set forth
on pages 17 to 20 in this annual report.

The Board currently has one female Director and as such has achieved gender diversity in respect of the Board. The Company
targets to maintain at least the current level of female representation on the Board and strive to ensure the Board is made up
of a reasonable and appropriate proportion of female member by reference to stakeholders’ expectations and international and
local recommended best practices and the pool of qualified candidates.

As of 31 December 2024, among the 16,485 employees (including senior management) of the Group, the percentages of male
employees and female employees are 88% and 12%, respectively. The Board considers that the Group’s workforce (including
senior management) is diverse in terms of gender.

The Nomination Committee was of the opinion that the Board consisted of members with diversified age, cultural and education
background, professional/business experience, skills and knowledge. Further details for the diversity, including the gender
diversity, in the workforce during the year ended 31 December 2024 are set forth in the Environmental, Social and Governance
Report dated 30 April 2025 of the Company.




28    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024 have been reviewed by the
Audit Committee and audited by the external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Directors acknowledge that it is their
responsibilities in (i) overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Group with a view to ensure that such financial
statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group, and (ii) selecting suitable accounting policies, applying
the selected accounting policies consistently, and making prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates for the preparation
of the financial statements of the Group.

The statement of the auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements
of the Group is set forth in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 57 to 62 of this annual report.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

For the year under review, the professional fees charged by the auditors of the group companies in respect of the auditing
services is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration paid to the auditor of the Group is
solely for audit of consolidated financial statements of the Group during the year, which amounted to approximately HK$3.2
million (equivalent to RMB3.0 million).


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of risk management and internal control
so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the operations of the Group in achieving the established corporate objectives,
safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives of the Group.

The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

—     Well-defined organisational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting lines and
      responsibilities to minimise risk of errors and abuse;

—     Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major functions and
      operations;

—     Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained staff;

—     Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date business and financial
      reporting, immediate corrective actions are taken where necessary; and

—     Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of
risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024       29
Corporate Governance Report


A risk-based approach is adopted to ensure that a methodical coverage of the Group’s operations and resources are focused
on high risk areas. The internal audit team takes the lead to evaluate the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group by reviewing the major operations of the Group on a rotational basis every year. The review covers all material controls
including financial, operational, compliance controls and risk management. Review results and recommendations in the form
of written reports are submitted to the Audit Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the
internal audit team to ensure that findings previously identified have been properly resolved.

Based on the results of the internal control review for the year ended 31 December 2024 and the assessment of the Audit
Committee thereon, no significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is
satisfied that appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for the year ended
31 December 2024.


INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY

The Company has established an inside information policy which contains the guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant
employees (likely possessing the unpublished inside information) of the Group to ensure that the inside information of the
Group is to be disseminated to public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and regulation.


DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

We provide to all the Directors a comprehensive induction package which includes introduction on the business operations,
internal procedures and general policy of the Company and a summary of statutory and regulatory obligations of directors
under the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. During the year, the Directors are provided with regular updates
on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge their duties. The Directors are also encouraged to attend both in-house training and training provided
by independent service providers. During the year, all Directors participated in various trainings organised by the Company,
including the “Disclosure Obligation for Listed Companies and Officers” and “Update on the requirements under the
Hong Kong Listing Rules, Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance”.
According to the training records maintained by the Company, each Director has confirmed that he has obtained reading and
training materials during the year and has attended the trainings in relation to various aspects, including but not limited to,
director’s duties, update on Listing Rules amendments and corporate governance practices.


COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary is Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a
member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. LAU is also the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
of the Group. He assists the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the policy and procedures of
the Board are followed. He has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in 2024, in compliance with Rule
3.29 of the Listing Rules.




30    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company endeavours to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective communications with its Shareholders
and investors. In an effort to facilitate and enhance the relationships and communication, the Company has established
a shareholders communication policy. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders
communication policy and the results were satisfactory. The Company has established the following channels:

(i)     the annual general meeting provides a forum for the Shareholders of the Company to raise comments and exchange
        views with the Board. The Directors are available at the annual general meetings of the Company to address Shareholders’
        queries;

(ii)    the Company maintains a website at www.xinyiglass.com, where updated key information/news of the Group is available
        for public access;

(iii)   interim and annual results are announced as early as possible, to keep the Shareholders of the Company informed of the
        Group’s performance and operations;

(iv)    investor, analyst and media briefing are held as early as practicable after the publication of the interim and annual results;

(v)     the Company’s management may meet with Shareholders, potential investors and research analysts upon request and
        provide update of the latest business development of the Group and answer their queries in accordance with the Group’s
        Inside Information Policy; and

(vi)    Shareholders shall direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong,
        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.




                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024       31
Corporate Governance Report


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

(i)   Procedures for Shareholders to convene a general meeting and putting forward proposals
      Pursuant to Article 64 of the articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company, an extraordinary general meeting
      (“EGM”) shall be convened and resolutions to a meeting agenda shall be added on the requisition of one or more
      Shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the
      Company having the right of voting at general meetings, on a one vote per Share basis in the share capital of the
      Company. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the Company for the
      purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.
      Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the
      Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may convene a physical meeting
      at only one location which will be the principal meeting place, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s)
      as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company. The requisitionist(s) may
      add resolutions to a general meeting agenda.


(ii) Procedures for which enquiries may be put to the Board
      Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal
      place of business of the Company in Hong Kong for the attention of the Company Secretary or via e-mail to ir@xinyiglass.
      com.hk.


INVESTOR RELATIONS

There has been no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year ended 31 December 2024. The
Company’s constitutional documents is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.




32    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                                              Report of the Directors


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
31 December 2024.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding whereas its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the production
and sales of float glass products, automobile glass products, construction glass products and a variety of related products in
the PRC and Malaysia. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in Note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.

The analysis of the Group’s performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 by operating segments is set forth in
Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2024 are set forth in the consolidated income statement on
page 65 in this annual report. During the financial year, an interim dividend of 31.0 HK cents per Share, amounting to a total
of approximately RMB1,225.0 million, was paid to the Shareholders in cash or partially settled by the issuance of scrip shares in
respect of scrip dividend on Wednesday, 16 October 2024.


FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend (the “Final Dividend”) of 10.0 HK cents per Share for the year
ended 31 December 2024. The recommendation of payment of the Final Dividend is subject to the approval of the Shareholders
at the AGM which is expected to be held on Friday, 30 May 2025. If approved by the Shareholders, it is expected that the Final
Dividend will be paid to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 9 June
2025.

Shareholders will be given an option to receive the Final Dividend in cash or wholly or partly in new and fully paid shares of the
Company in lieu of cash. The Scrip Dividend Scheme is subject to the Stock Exchange granting the listing of and permission to
deal in the new shares to be allotted and issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.

The Company will announce separately further information on the Scrip Dividend Scheme which includes the market value
of the scrip shares under the Scrip Dividend Scheme which is expected to represent a discount to the average closing price
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days commencing on Tuesday, 3 June 2025 until
Monday, 9 June 2025 (both days inclusive) rounded down to two decimal places.


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

A business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 and its future development is set forth in the Chairman’s
Statement from pages 4 to 9 and Management’s Discussion and Analysis from pages 10 to 16 of this annual report.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024     33
Report of the Directors


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the financial year are set forth in Note 18 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During year under review and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group had obtained and completed all material
licenses, certifications, permits and registration necessary for its business operations, and that the Group had complied in all
material aspects with all laws, rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group’s float glass production may generate air pollutants, waste water and other industrial waste at different stages of the
production process. To ensure compliance with the applicable PRC environmental protection laws and regulations, the Group
has implemented the following environmental protection measures:

—    Energy – Natural gas has been used as the principal energy source for the Group’s glass melting furnaces.

—    Power generation from residual heat – The Group’s float glass production plants have used the residual heat generated in
      the production processes for electricity generation.

—    Glass recycling – Scraped and unused glass produced during the production process have been recycled to the glass
      melting furnaces for production of float glass products.

Over the past few years, the Group has owned in one wind farm project in Anhui Province and several small solar farm projects
inside the production complexes, which can help to improve air quality and the environment by reducing the consumption of
fossil fuels and emission of carbon dioxide.

In March 2019, the Group passed the Green Finance Certification of the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency and was
awarded the Pre-issuance Stage Certificate for Green Finance, confirming that the Group’s energy saving Low-e coating
architectural glass projects meet the requirements of green projects. The Group will actively promote financial innovation,
increase the exploration of green finance, expand the Group’s funding channels through green financing, and ensure our
sustainable development.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”) REPORT

The Group is in the process of preparing its ESG report for the year ended 31 December 2024 and will publish it on the Stock
Exchange’s website and the Company’s website on or before 30 April 2025.




34    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES

The Group values relationships with, and have been maintaining good relationships with its customers, raw material and
equipment suppliers, logistics service providers and the employees of the Group. During the year ended 31 December 2024,
there were no material dispute between the Group and its customers, suppliers and employees.

Customers are the Company’s greatest assets. Xinyi Glass is committed to the production of quality float glass, automobile
glass and architectural glass, with great emphasis on product quality and reputation. Over the years, the Company has
already established a professional and reliable corporate image among the customers. Xinyi Glass has been maintaining the
harmonious partnership of equal footing, honest cooperation and mutual benefits with suppliers. Supplier management has
been standardised. Supplier assessment system has been improved through tendering and procurement. This is to create a fair
and just competition environment for suppliers. Xinyi Glass adheres to the philosophy of “People-Oriented” and is committed to
providing the employees with a safe and healthy work environment. The staff members are encouraged to show their creativity
and potential, realising the co-development of the staff and the enterprise.


PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINIES

The business performance of the Group is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties:


Float glass business
—     The levels of demand and supply of float glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and are generally affected by
      construction and building materials industries, the overall macroeconomic factors in the principal property market, and the
      production capacity of other float glass manufacturers.

—     The Group may not be able to adjust its production levels promptly in response to the changing market environment and
      as a result, any unbalance between the demand and supply of float glass could create significant pressure on the selling
      prices.

—     As a float glass manufacturer, the Group follows the technology development which may cause demand for its float glass
      products to be reduced significantly.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The PRC environmental policies on air emission would affect the industry capacity and production costs.


Automobile glass business
—     The international trade war or extra import tariff or anti-dumping tax would affect the overseas sales.

—     The fluctuation of USD exchange rate would affect the overseas demand.

—     The international oil price would affect the transportation cost.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024   35
Report of the Directors


Architectural glass business
—     The PRC property and financial policies would affect the demand of the architectural glass.

—     The levels of demand and supply of architectural glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and generally affected by
      the property and building industries.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

All of the above factors could adversely and materially affect the Group’s operating results and profitability.

Details of the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange and other financial risks are set forth in the section headed “Treasury
Policies and Exposure to Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates” in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 16 and
the paragraphs under “Financial Risk Management” in the consolidated financial statements from pages 74 to 84 of this annual
report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the operating results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set forth in the
section headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report.


INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Details of this movement in investment properties of the Group during the year are set forth in Note 7 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year under review are set forth in Note 6 to
the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


DONATIONS

Donations by the Group for charitable and other purposes during the financial year amounted to RMB4,267,000 (2023:
RMB2,728,000).


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year under review are set forth in Note 17 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




36    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, as of 31 December 2024, share premium amounting to RMB3,048.1 million
(2023: RMB2,246.1 million) was distributable to Shareholders, subject to the condition that immediately following the date on
which the distribution or dividend is proposed to be made, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary
course of business.

As of 31 December 2024, the Company had distributable reserves available for distribution to Shareholders amounting to
RMB140.4 million (2023: RMB72.9 million) other than mentioned above.


DIVIDEND POLICY

In considering the payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and strike a proper balance between future business growth and rewarding the Shareholders of the Company.

Provided that the daily working capital needs of the Group can be satisfied and funding has been reserved for future
development, the Company intends to maintain a relatively stable dividend distribution ratio. However, the Company’s dividend
distribution record in the past does not necessarily imply that the same level of dividends may be declared or paid by the
Company in the future.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall take into account the financial performance and cash flow situation of the
Group, future expansion plans and capital requirements, interests of Shareholders, contractual restrictions on payment of
dividends, taxation considerations, statutory and regulatory restrictions, general economic conditions, business cycle of the
Group’s business and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

The Company may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate.
Any dividend unclaimed shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Company’s Memorandum
and Articles of Association.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of this annual report were:




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024   37
Report of the Directors


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (Chairman)
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M (Vice Chairman)
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. (Chief Executive Officer)*
Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai*
Mr. SZE Nang Sze
Mr. LI Ching Leung*
Mr. NG Ngan Ho


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.*
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John
Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. (retired on 31 May 2024)
The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J,P. (appointed on 31 May 2024)

*     The Directors will retire from the directorship at the forthcoming AGM pursuant to article 108 of the Articles and all of them are being
      eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


DIRECTORS‘ SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has entered or has proposed to enter into any
service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which is not determinable by the Company within
one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).




38    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
DIRECTORS‘ REMUNERATION

The Company‘s policies concerning remuneration of the executive Directors are:

(i)     the amount of remuneration is determined on the basis of the relevant executive Director‘s experience, responsibility,
        workload and the time devoted to the Group;

(ii)    non-cash benefits may be provided to the executive Directors under their remuneration package;

(iii)   the executive Directors may be granted, at the discretion of the board of Directors, options pursuant to the share option
        scheme, as part of their remuneration package; and

(iv)    annual director fee of HK$300,000 for the year ended 31 December 2024, and HK$300,000 for the year ending 31
        December 2025.


Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each non-executive Director in 2024, none of the non-executive Directors
received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature) from the Group.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each independent non-executive Director in 2024, none of the independent
non-executive Directors received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature)
from the Group. Such emoluments were determined with reference to the duties and responsibilities of each independent non-
executive Director and their mutual agreement with the Company.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS

No contracts, transactions and arrangements of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
financial year or at any time during the financial year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the financial year.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024       39
Report of the Directors


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 18 January 2015 (the “Share Option Scheme”) for the purpose of
providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who have contributed to the success of the Group’s operations. A
summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is as follows:


(i)    Purpose

       The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to,
       rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the participants (as defined below) and for such
       other purposes as the Directors may approve from time to time.


(ii)   Participants

       For the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, participants (the “Participants”) include (i) any employees (whether full-
       time or part-time) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, associated companies, jointly controlled entities and related
       companies from time to time (collectively, the “Extended Group”); (ii) any directors (whether executive directors or non-
       executive directors or independent non-executive directors) of the Extended Group; (iii) customers of the Extended Group
       or any of the subsidiaries or associated companies of such customers; and (iv) any consultants, professionals and other
       advisers to each member of the Extended Group.


(iii) Maximum number of shares

       The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share
       Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 392,160,769 Shares,
       representing 10% (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”) of the total number of Shares in issue as of 18 January 2015.

       The Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit such that
       the total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and other share
       option schemes of the Company in issue shall not exceed 10% (the “Refreshed Limit”) of the issued share capital of the
       Company on the date the refreshment of such limit is approved.

       Notwithstanding the above, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
       granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company
       shall not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company if this will result in the aforesaid 30% limit
       being exceeded.

       The total number of securities available for issue under the Share Option Scheme was 117,906,615, representing 2.71%
       of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) as of the date of this annual report.




40     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
(iv)   Maximum entitlement of each Participant

       Unless with the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting, the maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued
       upon the exercise of the options granted to each Participant (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other schemes of the Company in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1% of the Shares
       in issue.


(v)    Option period

       An option must be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to be
       determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee, which period may commence from the date on which the offer
       for the grant of the option is made, but shall end in any event not later than 10 years from the date on which the offer for
       the grant of the option is made, subject to the provisions for early termination thereof.


(vi)   Vesting period

       The period during which the option may be exercised will be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, save that
       no option may be exercised more than 10 years after it has been granted.


(vii) Acceptance and payment on acceptance

       An option may be accepted by a Participant within 30 days from the date of the offer for the grant of the option and the
       amount payable on acceptance of the grant of an option is HK$1.

       Unless otherwise determined by the Directors and stated in the offer for the grant of options to a grantee, there is neither
       any performance target that needs to be achieved by a grantee before an option can be exercised nor any minimum
       period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.


(viii) Option price for subscription of shares

       The subscription price in respect of each Share issued under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price solely determined by
       the Directors but shall not be less than the highest of:

       (a)   the closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet on the date of grant, which
             must be a day (excluding a Saturday and Sunday) on which banks are generally open for business in Hong Kong (the
             “Business Day”);

       (b)   the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheets for the five Business
             Days immediately preceding the date of the grant; and

       (c)   the nominal value of the Share.




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024    41
Report of the Directors


(ix)     Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme

         The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing from 18 January 2015.

As of the date of this annual report, the Share Option Scheme was expired on 17 January 2025 and the Directors propose to
adopt a new share option scheme to replace the Share Option Scheme in the forthcoming AGM, subject to the approval by the
Shareholders in the forthcoming AGM.

The following table sets forth movements in the share options of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                                                                                                     Number of share options
                                                  Closing
                                              price of the
                                               Company’s
                                                   shares
                                              immediately
                                   Exercise    before the
                                      price    grant date                                                                                                                                 At
                      Grant date     (HK$)          (HK$)    Vesting period         Exercise period      At 1/1/2024     Granted        Exercised       Expired     Forfeited      31/12/2024

Continuous contract   17/3/2020       8.82           8.27    17/3/2020-31/12/2022   1/4/2023-31/3/2024    25,621,500           —    (1,990,600)(1)   (23,630,900)           —              —
  employees           2/3/2021       23.35          23.70    2/3/2021-31/12/2023    1/4/2024-31/3/2025    29,171,154           —                —             —     (1,099,854)    28,071,300
                      1/3/2022       21.80          20.75    1/3/2022-31/12/2024    1/4/2025-31/3/2026    30,545,528           —                —             —     (1,123,468)    29,422,060
                      1/3/2023      15.524          14.66    1/3/2023-31/12/2025    1/4/2026-31/3/2027    32,053,500           —                —             —     (1,117,505)    30,935,995
                      1/3/2024        8.04           8.00    1/3/2024-31/12/2026    1/4/2027-31/3/2028            —    37,500,000               —             —     (3,510,000)    33,990,000

Total                                                                                                    117,391,682   37,500,000     (1,990,600)    (23,630,900)   (6,850,827)   122,419,355


Note:

(1)      The weighted average closing price of shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$9.24.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, 37,500,000 share options were granted. The fair value of the equity-settled share
options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2024 was estimated at HK$1.8521. The
value of the share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2024 is to be expensed through the Group’s income
statement over the three-year vesting period of the share options.




42       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
The fair value of share options granted by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2024 was determined in
accordance with the valuation performed by an independent valuer using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Such model
is one of the commonly used models to estimate the fair value of an option. The significant variables and assumptions used
in computing the fair value of the share options are set forth in the table below. The value of an option varies with different
variables of a number of subjective assumptions. Any change in the variables so adopted may materially affect the estimation of
the fair value of an option.

Share price at the grant date (HK$)                                                                                  HK$8.04
Exercise price (HK$)                                                                                                 HK$8.04
Volatility (%)                                                                                                     47.5470%
Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                   7.8358%
Expected share option life (years)                                                                       3 years and 6 months
Annual risk-free rate (%)                                                                                            3.6458%

The number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was 148,555,788 share options as of 1 January
2024 and 117,906,615 share options as of 31 December 2024.

The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the share options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the
year ended 31 December 2024 divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the year ended 31 December
2024 is 0.88%.

During the year ended 31 December 2024, a total of 37,500,000 share options granted to the Company’s employee participants
and/or senior management (the “Grantees”) of the Company, among of which 12,500,000 share options, representing one
third of the total share options granted, vested on 31 December 2024. Having considered that (i) such share options vested
where the performance target are satisfied during the performance period commenced from 1 January 2024 and ended on 31
December 2024, which is not less than 12 months, and (ii) the total vesting and holding period of the share options is more than
12 months, the Remuneration Committee and the Board consider that the grant of such share options with a shorter vesting
period could align the interests of the Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive
to the Grantees to work towards success of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group,
which is in line with the purpose of the Share Option Scheme.

The vesting of the share options granted to the Grantees is subject to satisfaction of certain performance targets as determined
by the Board at its absolute discretion. The Board will assess the performance of the Group for the relevant year, including in
particular key performance indicators, such as revenue, profit and sales volume of the Group as a whole and of the applicable
business. Also, the Group has established a standard performance appraisal system for its employees to evaluate their
performance and contribution to the Group.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024     43
Report of the Directors


There is no clawback mechanism attached to the share options granted to the Grantees. The purpose of the Share Option
Scheme is to recognise and acknowledge the contributions the grantees had or may have made to the Group. The Share Option
Scheme also provides the grantees with an opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company with the view to satisfied the
objectives of (i) motivate the grantees to optimise their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group and (ii) attract and
retain or otherwise maintain on-going business relationship with the grantees whose contributions are or will be beneficial to
the long-term growth of the Group. Having considered that (i) the Grantees are the senior management and the employees of
the Group who will contribute directly to the overall business performance, sustainable development and/or good corporate
governance of the Group; (ii) the grant of share options to the Grantees is a recognition for their past contributions to the
Group; and (iii) the share options are subject to the terms of the Share Option Scheme which provides for circumstances under
which the share options or any part thereof shall lapse in the event that the Grantees cease to be a senior management and
an employee of the Group or commit a breach of the rules of the Share Option Scheme, the Remuneration Committee and
the Board consider that without additional clawback mechanism, the grant of the share options could align the interests of
the Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to the Grantees to work towards
successes of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group, which is in line with the purpose of
the Share Option Scheme.

Saved as disclosed above, the Company did not make any grant of share options to the Directors and/or senior management as
set forth in Rules 17.03F, 17.06B(7) and 17.06B(8) of the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2024.

Further details of the Share Option Scheme are set forth in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.


BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of Directors and senior management are set forth on pages 17 to 21 of this annual report.


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’ S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS

As of 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
the underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required to be (a) notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section
352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:




44    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY

Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                 percentage of the
                                                                                   Number of     Company’s issued
Name of Directors              Nature of interest                                 Shares held         share capital

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.   Interest of a controlled corporation (Note a)           813,434,504               18.66%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            54,364,451                 1.24%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note b)            63,191,387                 1.45%
                          Personal interest (Note c)                              141,448,185                 3.24%
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor Interest of a controlled corporation (Note d)           280,543,441                 6.43%
 D.C.S.M                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            54,364,451                 1.24%
                          Personal interest (Note e)                               69,102,207                 1.58%
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note f)           280,346,956                 6.43%
  Ching Sai J.P.          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            54,364,451                 1.24%
                          Spouse interest (Note g)                                245,157,137                 5.62%
Mr. LI Ching Wai          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note h)           125,306,060                 2.87%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            54,364,451                 1.24%
                          Personal interest                                        10,459,018                 0.24%
Mr. SZE Nang Sze          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note i)           134,284,567                 3.08%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            54,364,451                 1.24%
Mr. NG Ngan Ho            Interest of a controlled corporation (Note j)            86,544,219                 1.98%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            54,364,451                 1.24%
                          Personal interest                                         2,720,663                 0.06%
Mr. LI Ching Leung        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note k)            90,129,739                 2.06%
                          Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            54,364,451                 1.24%
                          Personal interest                                         7,422,861                 0.17%
                          Spouse interest (Note l)                                    429,936                 0.01%
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John Personal interest                                             10,000              0.0002%
                          Spouse interest (Note m)                                     90,000               0.002%




                                                               XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024   45
Report of the Directors


Notes:

(a)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Realbest Investment Limited (“Realbest”), a company incorporated in the
         British Virgin Islands (the “BVI“) with limited liability and wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

(b)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Xin Yuen Investment Limited (“Xin Yuen”), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability. Xin Yuen is 100% owned by Xin Wong Investment Limited (“Xin Wong”), a company incorporated in the
         BVI with limited liability. Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and 50% owned by his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(c)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(d)      Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through High Park Technology Limited (“High Park”), a company
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor.

(e)      Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam KUNG Sau Wai.

(f)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through Copark Investment Limited (“Copark”), a company incorporated
         in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P..

(g)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Puan Sri Datin SZE Tan Hung.

(h)      Mr. LI Ching Wai’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldbo International Limited (“Goldbo”), a company incorporated in the BVI
         with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(i)      Mr. SZE Nang Sze’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldpine Limited (“Goldpine”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(j)      Mr. NG Ngan Ho’s interests in the Shares are held through Linkall Investment Limited (“Linkall”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(k)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through Herosmart Holdings Limited (“Herosmart”), a company incorporated in the
         BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(l)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam DY Maria Lumin.

(m)      Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John’s interest in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam LAM Ying.

(n)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang Holdings Limited (“Full Guang”), a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability. Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
         Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P . as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai. as to 5.56%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09%,
         Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.




46       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                       Class and             percentage of
                                                                                         number of shares held               the associated
                                                                                               in the associated              corporation’s
Name of associated corporation                Name of Director                                      corporation        issued share capital

Realbest (Note o)                             Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                           2 ordinary shares                      100%
Xin Wong (Note p)                             Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                            1 ordinary share                       50%
High Park (Note q)                            Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M                 2 ordinary shares                      100%
Copark (Note r)                               Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai                      2 ordinary shares                      100%
                                                 P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.

Goldbo (Note s)                               Mr. LI Ching Wai                                  2 ordinary shares                      100%
Linkall (Note t)                              Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                    2 ordinary shares                      100%
Goldpine (Note u)                             Mr. SZE Nang Sze                                  2 ordinary shares                      100%
Herosmart (Note v)                            Mr. LI Ching Leung                                2 ordinary shares                      100%
Full Guang (Note w)                           Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                      734,000 ordinary shares                   33.98%
                                              Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M            350,000 ordinary shares                   16.20%
                                              Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.            350,000 ordinary shares                   16.20%
                                              Mr. LI Ching Wai                             120,000 ordinary shares                     5.56%
                                              Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                80,000 ordinary shares                     3.70%
                                              Mr. SZE Nang Sze                             110,000 ordinary shares                     5.09%
                                              Mr. LI Ching Leung                            80,000 ordinary shares                     3.70%


Notes:

(o)      Realbest is wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

(p)      Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

(q)      High Park is wholly-owned by Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M .

(r)      Copark is wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. .

(s)      Goldbo is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(t)      Linkall is wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(u)      Goldpine is wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(v)      Herosmart is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(w)      Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
         Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09%,
         Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.76%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.




                                                                                     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024       47
Report of the Directors


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2024, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive
of the Company had or was deemed under the SFO to have any interests or short positions in any of the Shares, underlying
Share and debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
was required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (b) entered
in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As of 31 December 2024, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than Directors and chief executive of the
Company, in the Shares and the underlying Shares of the Company, as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3
of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO, were as follows:

Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                           percentage of the
Name of substantial                                                                                        Number of        Company’s issued
shareholders                            Nature of interest                                                 Shares held            share capital

Realbest                                Registered and beneficial owner                                   813,434,504                  18.66%
High Park                               Registered and beneficial owner                                   280,543,441                   6.43%
Copark                                  Registered and beneficial owner                                   280,346,956                   6.43%
Mr. LEE Sing Din                        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note x)                     276,941,338                   6.35%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note y)                      54,364,451                   1.24%
                                        Personal interest (Note z)                                         58,995,171                   1.35%
Madam SZE Tan Hung                      Personal interest                                                 245,157,137                   5.62%
                                        Spouse interest (Note aa)                                         334,711,407                   7.68%


Notes:

(x)      Mr. LEE Sing Din’s interest in the Shares are held through Telerich Investment Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability and wholly owned by Mr. LEE Sing Din, brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.

(y)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability. Full Guang is owned by
         Dr. LEE Yin Yee S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. as to
         16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%,
         Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.

(z)      Mr. LEE Sing Din’s interest in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam LI Kam Ha.

(aa)     Madam SZE Tan Hung’s interest in the Shares are held through her spouse, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P .




48       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2024, the Directors were not aware of any other person having an interests or short
positions in the Shares and the underlying Shares as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As at 31 December 2024, none of the Directors and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any controlling
shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules), if any, of the Company had any interest in a business, which competes or may
compete with the business of the Group.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2024, appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities
arising out of activities of the Group has been arranged by the Company. As of the date of this annual report, such insurance
covering remained effective.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate and
neither the Directors or the chief executive, nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe
for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentage of sales and purchases for continuing operation for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers and
suppliers are as follows:


Sales
– the largest customer                                                                                                    3.2%
– five largest customers in aggregate                                                                                     7.3%


Purchases
– the largest supplier                                                                                                    5.7%
– five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                                    24.9%

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any interest in the share capital of the Group’s five largest
customers and five largest suppliers.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024      49
Report of the Directors


BANK BORROWINGS

The total bank borrowings of the Group as of 31 December 2024 amounted to RMB7,313.1 million (2023: RMB7,450.6 million).
Particulars of the bank borrowings are set forth in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


REWARD FOR EMPLOYEES

As of 31 December 2024, we employed 16,485 employees in the PRC, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Indonesia, Canada and Japan. Our
employees are remunerated with monthly salary, subject to annual review and discretionary bonuses. Our employees are also
entitled, subject to eligibility, to retirement fund and provident fund and to participate in the Share Option Scheme. We place
strong emphasis on nurturing a continuous learning culture amongst the employees and implement a variety of programs to
promote training.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 are set forth in Note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report. Some of these transactions also constitute “Continuing Connected
Transactions” under the Listing Rules, as identified below.


Continuing connected transactions
During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group had the following continuing connected transactions, details of which are
set forth below:


1)   Sales of glass products
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 December 2023, the Group entered into a glass purchase
      agreement (the “Glass Purchase Agreement”) dated 28 December 2023 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of float
      glass and architectural glass products to Xinyi Solar and its subsidiaries (“Xinyi Solar Group”) by the Group for the year
      ended 31 December 2024. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the
      Glass Purchase Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2024 is RMB13,600,000 and RMB5,417,000, respectively.
      Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of
      Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Glass Purchase Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company
      under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




50    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
2)   Sales of machineries
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 December 2023, Anhui Xinyi Intelligent Machinery Company
     Limited (“Anhui Xinyi Machinery”), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a production
     equipment purchase agreement (the “Production Equipment Purchase Agreement”) dated 28 December 2023 with a
     member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production equipment and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar Group by
     Anhua Xinyi Machinery for the year ended 31 December 2024. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the
     transactions contemplated under the Production Equipment Purchase Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2024
     are RMB288,000,000 and RMB199,371,000, respectively. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar,
     the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Production Equipment Purchase
     Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


3)   Sales of low iron silica sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 4 January 2024, the Group entered into an agreement (the “Silica
     Sand Purchase Agreement”) dated 4 January 2024 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of low iron silica sand to Xinyi
     Solar Group by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024. The purpose of entering into the Silica Sand Purchase
     Agreement was to reduced transportation cost and secure an additional source of supply of low iron silica sand in the
     vicinity. The annual cap and amount of the transactions contemplated under the Silica Sand Purchase Agreement for
     the year ended 31 December 2024 are RMB57,400,000 and no actual transaction happened. Since the Company is a
     substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly,
     the Silica Sand Purchase Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A
     of the Listing Rules.


4)   Purchase of Silica Sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 4 January 2024, the Group entered into an agreement (the “Silica
     Sand Sales Agreement”) dated 4 January 2024 with Hepu Xinyi Mining Co., Ltd. (“Hepu Xinyi”), a wholly-owned
     subsidiary of Xinyi Solar, in relation to the purchase of silica sand from Hepu Xiniyi by the Group for the year ended 31
     December 2024. The purpose of entering into the Silica Sand Sales Agreement was to reduced transportation cost and
     secure an additional source of supply of silica sand in the vicinity. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount
     of the transactions contemplated under the Silica Sand Sales Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2024 are
     RMB96,400,000 and RMB51,668,000, respectively. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar,
     the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Silica Sand Sales Agreement
     constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024     51
Report of the Directors


5)   Sales of automobile glass products
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 22 December 2021, the Group entered into a glass supply agreement
     (the “2021 Glass Supply Agreement”) with Xinyi Automobile Glass Company Limited (“Xinyi Automobile Glass (HK)”),
     a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to the sales of automobile glass products to Xinyi Electric Storage and
     its subsidiaries by the Group for the three years ended 31 December 2024. The annual cap and the actual transaction
     amount of the transactions contemplated under the 2021 Glass Supply Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2024
     is HK$8,600,000 (equivalent to RMB7,922,000) and HK$8,224,000 (equivalent to RMB7,575,000), respectively. Since
     the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than
     30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Automobile Glass (HK) is a connected person of the Company.
     Accordingly, the 2021 Glass Supply Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


6)   Wind farm management services
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2023, the Group entered into a wind farm management
     agreement (the “2023 Wind Farm Management Agreement”) with Anhui Xinyi New Material Technology Company
     Limited (“Anhui Xinyi”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage for management services for the operation of the wind farm
     owned by the Group. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transaction contemplated under the 2023
     Wind Farm Management Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2024 is RMB10,000,000 and RMB9,434,000. Since
     the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30%
     of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Anhui Xinyi is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the 2023
     Wind Farm Management Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A
     of the Listing Rules.


7)   Sales of steam
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 2 March 2022, the Group entered into a steam supply agreement
     (the “Steam Supply Agreement”) dated 2 March 2022 with Xinyi Power (Suzhou) Company Limited (“Xinyi Power
     (Suzhou)”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to sales industrial steam for the production requirements to
     Xinyi Electric Storage and its subsidiaries by the Group for the term commenced from 2 March 2022 and ended on 31
     December 2024. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the Steam
     Supply Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2024 is RMB3,300,000 and RMB174,000. Since the controlling
     shareholders of the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares
     of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Power (Suzhou) is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the Steam
     Supply Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.




52   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
8)    Purchase of electric storage products
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 31 October 2023, the Group entered into a sales of battery packs
      and energy storage systems agreement (the “XYG Sales Framework Agreement”) with Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation
      to purchase of lithium battery packs, direct-current lithium battery systems, uninterruptible power supply lithium battery
      systems, lithium battery energy storage systems and other lithium battery products from Xinyi Electric Storage and its
      subsidiaries for the terms of three years ending on 31 December 2026. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount
      of the transactions contemplated under the XYG Sales Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2024 is
      RMB21,300,000 and RMB20,625,000, respectively. Since the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective
      associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Electric
      Storage is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the XYG Sales Framework Agreement constitutes continuing
      connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


9)    Lease agreements
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 30 June 2023, the Group entered into six lease agreements (the
      “Lease Agreements”) dated 30 June 2023 with the Xinyi Solar Group in relation to the lease of the properties to the Xinyi
      Solar Group for the fixed terms of three years ending on 30 June 2026. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder
      of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Lease Agreements
      constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


10) Provision of marine transportation services
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 17 December 2024, the Group entered into the marine transportation
      agreement (the “Marine Transportation Agreement”) dated 17 December 2024 with Xinyi Solar in relation to provide
      marine transportation services to the Xinyi Solar Group commenced on 17 December 2024 and ending on 31 December
      2026. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated for the year ended 31
      December 2024 is USD3,900,000 (equivalent to RMB28,022,000) and USD3,309,000 (equivalent to RMB23,771,000).
      Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons
      of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Marine Transportation Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the
      Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

All independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and
confirmed that the transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   either on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
      independent third parties; and

(c)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
      the Shareholders as a whole.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024     53
Report of the Directors


In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s
Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants.

The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions to the Board in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and confirming there is nothing has come to their
attention that causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions:

(a)   have not been approved by the Board;

(b)   were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group if the transactions involve the
      provision of goods or services by the Group;

(c)   were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing the transactions; and

(d)   have exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company.


Continuing connected transactions after the reporting period
The Group had the following continuing connected transactions after the reporting period, details of which are set forth below:


1)    Sales of automobile glass products
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 11 December 2024, the Group entered into a glass supply agreement
      (the “2024 Glass Supply Agreement”) dated 11 December 2024 with Xinyi Automobile Glass (HK), a subsidiary of
      Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to the sales of automobile glass products to Xinyi Electric Storage and its subsidiaries
      by the Group for the three years ending commenced on 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027. The annual cap of the
      transactions contemplated under the 2024 Glass Supply Agreement for the three years ending 31 December 2027 is
      HK$10,200,000 (equivalent to RMB9,595,000), HK$11,000,000 (equivalent to RMB10,348,000) and HK$11,800,000
      (equivalent to RMB11,100,000), respectively. Since the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective
      associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Automobile
      Glass (HK) is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the 2024 Glass Supply Agreement constitutes continuing
      connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


2)    Sales of machineries
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 30 December 2024, Anhui Xinyi Machinery, a non-wholly owned
      subsidiary of the Company, entered into a production equipment purchase agreement (the “2025 Production Equipment
      Purchase Agreement”) dated 30 December 2024 with a member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production
      equipment and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar Group by Anhui Xinyi Machinery for the year ending 31 December 2025.
      The annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the 2025 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement for the
      year ending 31 December 2025 is RMB168,800,000. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the
      Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2025 Production Equipment Purchase
      Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.



54    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
3)   Purchase of Silica Sand
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 30 December 2024, the Group entered into an agreement (the
      “2025 Silica Sand Agreement”) dated 30 December 2024 with Hepu Xinyi in relation to the purchase of silica sand
      from Hepu Xiniyi by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2025. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated
      under the 2025 Silica Sand Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2025 is RMB71,000,000. Since the Company is a
      substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly,
      the 2025 Silica Sand Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of
      the Listing Rules.


COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

Please refer to section headed “Corporate Governance Report” as set forth in this annual report for details of our compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established an Audit Committee, comprising all independent non-executive Directors, with written terms of
reference in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review
and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group and to provide comments and give advice
to the Board. The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company and audited consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2024.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

For the year ended 31 December 2024, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) of the Company.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as of the date of this
annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float with at least 25% of the Shares held by the public as required
under the Listing Rules.


EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2024 and up to the date of this annual report.




                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024   55
Report of the Directors


AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2024 has been audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”).

PwC will retire as the auditor of the Company effective from the conclusion of the AGM and will not offer itself for re-
appointment as the auditor of the Company.

The Board has resolved to appoint Ernst & Young as the auditor of the Company for the year ending 31 December 2025 until
the conclusion of the next annual general meeting of the Company, subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The AGM will be held on Friday, 30 May 2025, at 21/F, Rykadan Capital Tower, 135 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
Hong Kong, at 11:00 a.m. The notice convening the AGM will be published on the website of the Stock Exchange at
www.hkex.com.hk and on the website of the Company at www.xinyiglass.com, and will be dispatched to the Shareholders in
due course.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 27 May 2025 to Friday, 30 May 2025 (both days
inclusive), during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote
at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 26 May
2025.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 5 June 2025 to Monday, 9 June 2025 (both days
inclusive), during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the Final Dividend, all transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong
Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 4 June 2025.




On Behalf of the Board
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
Chairman

Hong Kong, 28 February 2025




56      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

WHAT WE HAVE AUDITED
The consolidated financial statements of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which
are set out on pages 63 to 185, comprise:


•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2024;

•     the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other
      explanatory information.


OUR OPINION
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      57
Independent Auditor’s Report


INDEPENDENCE
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.


The key audit matter identified in our audit is related to Impairment of trade receivables.


Key Audit Matter                                                      How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables

Refer to 3.1(b), 4, 15 and 35.8 to the consolidated financial
statements

As at 31 December 2024, the carrying amount of trade                  We assessed the appropriateness of the methodology of
receivables of the Group amounting to approximately                   impairment assessment in determining the expected credit
RMB1,928,573,000. The Group made provision for                        losses of trade receivables. We also considered whether
loss allowance of trade receivables of approximately                  the judgements made in selecting the methodology of
RMB47,417,000 based on an estimate of the recoverability of           impairment assessment, significant assumptions and data
these receivables.                                                    used by management would give rise to indicators of possible
                                                                      management bias.
Provisions are made for loss allowance of trade receivables
where the Group expects the balances will not be collectible.         We assessed management’s assessment of the lifetime
The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables requires        expected credit loss allowance by comparing to supportable
management judgements and estimations. Where the                      evidence such as past settlement history of customers and
provision for loss allowance is materially different from the         historical default rates.
actual debt that is not collectible, such difference will adversely
                                                                      We assessed the reasonableness of management’s use of
impact the carrying amount of receivables and the provision
                                                                      forward-looking information and factors in adjusting the rates
for loss allowance in the period in which such estimate has
                                                                      of credit loss by reference to external market data or industry
been changed.
                                                                      information.




58    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                              Independent Auditor’s Report


Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables (continued)

The Group’s trade receivables based on shared credit risk         We tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of the ageing
characteristics and ageing profiles and made provisions for       profile of the trade receivables used in the calculation of
loss allowance on trade receivables based on an assessment of     expected credit losses.
the recoverability of overdue and long-aged trade receivables
                                                                  We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to
on individual customer basis and the lifetime expected credit
                                                                  expected credit losses of trade receivables in the context of
loss allowance on each group of trade receivables. The lifetime
                                                                  HKFRS 9.
expected credit loss allowance is measured based on past
settlement history and the historical default rates over the      Based on the above, we considered that management’s
expected life of the trade receivables with similar credit risk   judgements and assumptions in the assessment of expected
characteristics adjusted with current and forward-looking         credit losses of trade receivables were supportable by the
information on macroeconomic factors that affects the ability     evidence obtained and procedures performed.
of the customers to settle the receivables.

We focus on this area because the carrying amount of the
trade receivables are significant to the consolidated balance
sheet, and the identification of doubtful debts and the
measurement of lifetime expected credit loss allowance
is subject to a high degree of judgement and estimation
uncertainty, including assessments on the default rates of
customers.


OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited 2024 Annual Report (the “annual report”) other than the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon. We have obtained some of the other information including Corporate Information,
Chairman’s Statement, Management’s Discussion and Analysis, Profile of Directors and Senior Management, Report of the
Directors, Corporate Governance Report and Financial Summary prior to the date of this auditor’s report. The remaining other
information, including Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2024 to be included in the annual report, is expected to be
made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   59
Independent Auditor’s Report


If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.


When we read the remaining other information to be included in the annual report, if we conclude that there is a material
misstatement therein, we are required to communicate the matter to the Audit Committee and take appropriate action
considering our legal rights and obligations.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


The Audit Committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




60    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                              Independent Auditor’s Report


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
     higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
     or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
     in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.


•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
     to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
     disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
     concern.


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
     and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
     achieves fair presentation.


•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
     entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
     are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
     remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      61
Independent Auditor’s Report


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Pong Fei Ho.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 28 February 2025




62    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                           Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2024




                                                                            As at              As at              As at
                                                                     31 December        31 December           1 January
                                                           Note             2024               2023               2023
                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                            (restated)        (restated)

Assets
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                             6           18,911,460       16,603,326        15,710,391
  Right-of-use assets                                       6            3,874,347        3,977,852         3,781,435
  Investment properties                                     7            1,769,631        1,404,153         1,334,104
  Prepayments for property, plant and equipment,
     right-of-use assets and intangible assets              15           1,312,026           848,801           823,894
  Intangible assets                                         8            1,141,163         1,128,983           779,450
  Financial assets at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                   11                  —                 —             24,557
  Investments in associates                                 13           9,203,629         9,066,707         8,366,720
  Loans to an associate                                     13                  —             25,000            25,000
  Fixed bank deposits                                       16              70,000           850,000         4,336,444
  Deferred income tax assets                                21               5,152             4,025                —

                                                                        36,287,408       33,908,847        35,181,995

Current assets
  Inventories                                               14           3,492,205         3,470,936         3,845,077
  Trade and other receivables                               15           6,637,503         6,624,357         4,086,410
  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss    12              21,928            38,626           657,009
  Pledged bank deposits                                     16              83,137           133,763           126,528
  Fixed bank deposits                                       16             100,000           325,000                —
  Cash and cash equivalents                                 16           1,456,115         1,814,614         2,845,921

                                                                        11,790,888       12,407,296        11,560,945

Total assets                                                            48,078,296       46,316,143        46,742,940

Equity
Equity attributable to the equity holders
  of the Company
  Share capital                                             17             408,378          396,222           385,801
  Share premium                                             17           3,048,090        2,246,103         1,101,629
  Other reserves                                            18           3,256,030        2,979,129         2,767,593
  Retained earnings                                         18          27,572,287       26,968,445        24,358,203

                                                                        34,284,785       32,589,899        28,613,226
Non-controlling interests                                                   92,356          104,753           102,699

Total equity                                                            34,377,141       32,694,652        28,715,925




                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    63
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2024




                                                                                       As at           As at          As at
                                                                             31 December        31 December      1 January
                                                                Note                   2024            2023           2023
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                   (restated)     (restated)

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
     Bank borrowings                                              20               1,882,219      2,661,692      6,909,741
     Deferred income tax liabilities                              21                579,096         476,678       418,883
     Lease liabilities                                            6                    2,743          9,044            759
     Other payables                                               19                112,231         130,099         45,868

                                                                                   2,576,289      3,277,513      7,375,251


Current liabilities
     Trade, other payables and contract liabilities               19               4,653,190      4,447,670      4,829,423
     Current income tax liabilities                                                1,034,471      1,100,187       618,796
     Lease liabilities                                            6                    6,336          7,185         18,104
     Bank borrowings                                              20               5,430,869      4,788,936      5,185,441

                                                                                  11,124,866     10,343,978     10,651,764


Total liabilities                                                                 13,701,155     13,621,491     18,027,015


Total equity and liabilities                                                      48,078,296     46,316,143     46,742,940


The consolidation financial statements on pages 63 to 185 were approved by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2025 and
were signed on its behalf.




LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                                                    LEE Shing Kan, M.H.
Chairman                                                               Director




The notes on pages 71 to 185 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



64       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                                         Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                                                For the Year Ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                   Note                  2024               2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                        (restated)

Revenue                                                                              5             22,323,569        24,293,673
Cost of sales                                                                       22            (15,593,909)       (16,476,198)

Gross profit                                                                                        6,729,660          7,817,475
Other income                                                                        24                721,747           605,720
Other gains/(losses) – net                                                          25                113,535            (40,432)
Selling and marketing costs                                                         22             (1,055,656)        (1,186,273)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                         22             (2,244,027)        (2,051,087)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                           15                (79,759)             (3,784)

Operating profit                                                                                    4,185,500          5,141,619
Finance income                                                                      26                 46,686           177,634
Finance costs                                                                       26               (181,026)          (456,361)
Share of profits of associates                                                      13                196,869           912,257

Profit before income tax                                                                            4,248,029          5,775,149
Income tax expense                                                                  27               (876,119)          (879,666)

Profit for the year                                                                                 3,371,910          4,895,483

Profit attributable to:
  – Equity holders of the Company                                                                   3,369,173          4,883,103
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                            2,737            12,380

Profit for the year                                                                                 3,371,910          4,895,483

Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the
  Company during the year (expressed in RMB cents per share)
  – Basic                                                                           28                   79.23            117.60
  – Diluted                                                                         28                   79.23            117.36




The notes on pages 71 to 185 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        65
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the Year Ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                                    2024         2023
                                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                             (restated)

Profit for the year                                                                             3,371,910    4,895,483
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
     Currency translation differences                                                            133,433       21,395
     Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through
       other comprehensive income                                                                      —       (24,849)
     Dilution gains of interest in an associate                                                        —         3,554
     Revaluation gains on investment properties transferred from property,
       plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, net of tax                                   104,713       24,496
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
     Currency translation differences                                                            (191,953)    (238,055)
     Share of other comprehensive income/(loss) of investments accounted
        for using the equity method                                                               57,668      (113,091)

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         3,475,771    4,568,933

Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
     – Equity holders of the Company                                                            3,473,527    4,555,347
     – Non-controlling interests                                                                    2,244      13,586

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         3,475,771    4,568,933




The notes on pages 71 to 185 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



66      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                         For the Year Ended 31 December 2024




                                                          Attributable to the equity holders of the Company

                                                                                                                               Non-
                                                       Share        Share         Other     Retained                     controlling        Total
                                             Note     capital    premium       reserves      earnings           Total      interests       equity
                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

Balance at 1 January 2024 (restated)                 396,222    2,246,103     2,979,129    26,968,445    32,589,899         104,753    32,694,652

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                       —            —             —      3,369,173     3,369,173           2,737     3,371,910
Other comprehensive income
Currency translation differences                          —            —        (58,027)           —          (58,027)         (493)      (58,520)
Share of other comprehensive income
  of investments accounted for using
  the equity method                           13          —            —         57,668            —           57,668            —        57,668
Revaluation gains on investment properties
  transferred from property, plant and
  equipment and right-of-use assets,
  net of tax                                  7           —            —        104,713            —          104,713            —       104,713

Total comprehensive income                                —            —        104,354     3,369,173     3,473,527           2,244     3,475,771

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued              17(A)       184       17,942        (1,946)           —           16,180            —        16,180
  – value of employee services               17(A)        —            —         81,129            —           81,129            —        81,129
  – adjustment relating to expired
       share options                                      —            —        (23,100)       23,100              —             —             —
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
  dividend of 2023 final dividend
  and 2024 interim dividend                  17(B)    11,972      784,045            —             —          796,017            —       796,017
Transfer to reserve                          18(a)        —            —        116,464      (116,464)             —             —             —
Acquisition of a subsidiary                               —            —             —             —               —           (217)         (217)
Liquidation of a subsidiary                               —            —             —             —               —         (4,302)       (4,302)
Dividends relating to 2023                                —            —             —     (1,446,942)    (1,446,942)            —     (1,446,942)
Dividends relating to 2024                    29          —            —             —     (1,225,025)    (1,225,025)            —     (1,225,025)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                 —            —             —             —               —        (10,122)      (10,122)

Total transactions with owners                        12,156      801,987       172,547    (2,765,331)    (1,778,641)       (14,641)   (1,793,282)

Balance at 31 December 2024                          408,378    3,048,090     3,256,030    27,572,287    34,284,785          92,356    34,377,141




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                 67
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Year Ended 31 December 2024




                                                                  Attributable to the equity holders of the Company

                                                                                                                                       Non-
                                                              Share         Share         Other      Retained                     controlling        Total
                                                    Note     capital    premium         reserves      earnings           Total      interests       equity
                                                            RMB’70      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

Balance at 1 January 2023 (restated)                        385,801    1,101,629     2,767,593     24,358,203    28,613,226         102,699     28,715,925

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                              —             —             —      4,883,103     4,883,103          12,380      4,895,483
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair
  value through other comprehensive income           11          —             —        (24,849)            —          (24,849)           —        (24,849)
Dilution gains of interest in an associate                       —             —          3,554             —            3,554            —         3,554
Currency translation differences                                 —             —       (217,866)            —         (217,866)       1,206       (216,660)
Share of other comprehensive loss
  of investments accounted for using
  the equity method                                  13          —             —       (113,091)            —         (113,091)           —       (113,091)
Revaluation gains on investment properties
  transferred from property, plant and
  equipment and right-of-use assets,
  net of tax                                         7           —             —        24,496              —          24,496             —        24,496

Total comprehensive income                                       —             —       (327,756)    4,883,103     4,555,347          13,586      4,568,933

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                     17(A)     1,606      175,215        (24,136)            —         152,685             —       152,685
  – value of employee services                      17(A)        —             —        92,962              —          92,962             —        92,962
  – adjustment relating to expired
       share options                                             —             —            (52)           52               —             —             —
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
  dividend of 2022 final dividend
  and 2023 interim dividend                                   8,815      969,259             —              —         978,074             —       978,074
Transfer to reserve                                 18(a)        —             —       470,518       (470,518)              —             —             —
Capital injection from non-controlling interests                 —             —             —              —               —           312           312
Dividends relating to 2022                                       —             —             —       (821,991)        (821,991)           —       (821,991)
Dividends relating to 2023                           29          —             —             —       (980,404)        (980,404)           —       (980,404)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                        —             —             —              —               —       (11,844)       (11,844)

Total transactions with owners                               10,421    1,144,474       539,292     (2,272,861)        (578,674)     (11,532)      (590,206)

Balance at 31 December 2023 (restated)                      396,222    2,246,103     2,979,129     26,968,445    32,589,899         104,753     32,694,652



The notes on pages 71 to 185 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


68     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                              For the Year Ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                    Note                2024              2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (restated)

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                       30(a)         6,686,889         5,530,854
Interest paid                                                                                       (268,784)         (549,661)
Income tax paid                                                                                     (828,404)         (504,780)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                                       5,589,701         4,476,413


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                         (4,704,896)       (2,631,288)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                        (15,148)         (130,758)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                             30(b)             87,346           139,701
Additions to investment property                                                                     (11,359)                 —
Payment for right-of-use assets                                                                     (352,991)         (330,965)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                      16,206           615,832
Addition to investment in an associate                                                13            (263,313)         (120,305)
Dividends received from associates                                                    13             508,504           376,005
Advanced to an associate                                                                            (578,926)       (1,156,517)
Repayment from an associate                                                                          294,242                  —
Placement of fixed and pledged deposits                                                             (150,000)       (1,060,000)
Proceed from withdrawal of fixed and pledged deposits                                              1,205,626         4,214,464
Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                             (217)                 —
Liquidation of a subsidiary                                                                           (4,302)                 —
Interest received                                                                                     46,686           177,634

Net cash (used in)/generated from investing activities                                            (3,922,542)           93,803




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    69
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended 31 December 2024




                                                                                   Note              2024           2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                                                (restated)

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                   5,417,639      6,518,934
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                                    (5,579,923)   (11,433,212)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                      (7,590)       (22,294)
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares by share options                                     16,180        152,685
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                                   (1,875,950)     (824,321)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                       (10,122)        (11,844)
Capital injection from non-controlling interests                                                        —            312

Net cash used in financing activities                                                           (2,039,766)    (5,619,740)


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                        (372,607)     (1,049,524)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                          1,814,614      2,845,921
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                               14,108         18,217

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                            16          1,456,115      1,814,614




The notes on pages 71 to 185 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



70    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
                      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) were principally engaged in
    the production and sales of float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, which were carried out internationally,
    through the production complexes located in Mainland China (the “PRC”) and Malaysia in 2024.

    The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate
    Information” section to the annual report.

    The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company are listed on
    The Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”), unless otherwise stated. These
    consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2025.


2   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
         The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Fnancial
         Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and
         the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance Cap.622.

         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for the
         following:


         •     financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), and


         •     financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (“FVTPL”), and


         •     investment properties, which are measured at fair values.

         The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting
         estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
         policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
         are significant to the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in Note 4.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   71
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
          (a)   Amendments to existing standards and interpretation adopted by the Group
                The Group has applied the following amendments to existing standards and interpretation for its annual
                reporting period commencing 1 January 2024:


                Amendments to HKAS 1                                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                                        Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (Revised)                  Presentation of Financial Statements – Classification
                                                                        by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a
                                                                        Repayment on Demand Clause
                Amendments to HKFRS 16                                Lease Liability in Sale and Leaseback
                Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7                      Supplier Finance Arrangements


                The amendments and interpretation listed above did not have any material impact on the amounts recognised
                in prior periods and are not expected to significantly affect the current or future periods.

          (b)   Amended standards and interpretation not yet adopted
                Amended standards and interpretation have been published that are not mandatory for 31 December 2024
                reporting period and have not been early adopted by the Group.

                                                                                                                    Effective for
                                                                                                                      accounting
                                                                                                               periods beginning
                                                                                                                      on or after

                Amendments to HKAS 21                Lack of Exchangeability                                       1 January 2025
                  and HKFRS 1
                Amendments to HKFRS 9                Amendments to the Classification and                          1 January 2026
                  and HKFRS 7                           Measurement of Financial Instruments
                Amendments to HKFRS 1,               Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting                       1 January 2026
                  HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10            Standards — Volume 11
                  and HKAS 7
                HKFRS 18                             Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements           1 January 2027
                Amendments to HK Int 5               Hong Kong Interpretation 5 presentation of                    1 January 2027
                                                        Financial Statements — Classification by
                                                        the borrower of a Term Loan that contains
                                                        a Repayment on Demand Clause
                HKFRS 19                             Subsidiaries without Public Accountability:                   1 January 2027
                                                        Disclosures
                Amendments to HKFRS10                Sale or contribution of Assets between an                   To be determined
                  and HKAS 28                           Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture




72   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
        (b)   Amended standards and interpretation not yet adopted (Continued)
              HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1 Presentation of financial statements, introducing new requirements that will
              help to achieve comparability of the financial performance of similar entities and provide more relevant
              information and transparency to users. Even though HKFRS 18 will not impact the recognition or measurement
              of items in the financial statements, its impacts on presentation and disclosure are expected to be pervasive,
              in particular those related to the statement of financial performance and providing management-defined
              performance measures within the financial statements.

              These new and amended standards and interpretation are not expected to have a material impact on the
              Group in the current or future reporting periods and foreseeable future transactions:


    2.2 CHANGE IN PRESENTATION CURRENCY
        The consolidated financial statements were presented in Hong Kong Dollars (“HK$”) in prior years. Starting from
        the financial year ended 31 December 2024, the Group has changed its presentation currency for the preparation
        of its consolidated financial statements from HK$ to RMB. The change in the presentation currency is intended
        to reflect the fact that most of the business transactions engaged by the Group are settled in RMB and that a
        significant part of the business presence and the assets of the Group are located in the Mainland China. This enables
        the shareholders and potential investors of the Company to have a more accurate understanding of the Group’s
        financial performance.

        For the purpose of presenting the Group’s consolidated financial statements in RMB, all assets and liabilities for the
        consolidated balance sheet have been translated from functional currency into RMB at the relevant closing rate of
        exchange at the end of the reporting period. Items in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income and the
        consolidated statement of cash flows are translated at the average exchange rates for the financial period. The share
        capital and reserves are translated at historical rate prevailing at the dates of transactions.

        The change in the presentation currency have been applied retrospectively with comparative figures restated. The
        Group presents an additional consolidated balance sheet as at 1 January 2023 due to the change of presentation
        currency in accordance with HKAS 1 “Presentation of Financial Statements”.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   73
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    BASIS OF PREPARATION AND CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.3 CHANGE IN ACCOUNTING POLICY
          As a result of the adoption of the amendments to HKAS 1, the Group changed its accounting policy for the
          classification of borrowings:

          “Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end of the reporting period, the Group has a right to
          defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

          Covenants that the Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are considered
          in classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that the Group is required to
          comply with after the reporting period do not affect the classification.”

          This new policy did not result in a change in the classification of the Group’s borrowings. The Group did not make
          retrospective adjustments as a result of adopting the amendments to HKAS 1.


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS
          The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, cash
          flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk, price risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
          programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on
          the Group’s financial performance.


          (a)   Market risk
                (i)   Foreign exchange risk
                      The Group mainly operates in the PRC, Malaysia and Hong Kong with most of the transactions
                      denominated and settled in RMB, USD and HK$. Foreign exchange risk arises from future commercial
                      transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the functional
                      currency of the relevant group entity. The Group manages its foreign exchange risks by performing
                      regular reviews and arranges hedges against foreign exchange exposures when considered necessary.
                      Details of the Group’s trade and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, fixed bank deposits, cash and
                      cash equivalents, trade and other payables, and bank borrowings are disclosed in Notes 15, 16, 19 and
                      20 to the consolidated financial statements.

                      The foreign exchange risk mainly caused by the functional currency of relevant group entity in HKD
                      and the exposed foreign exchange risk arising from their cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
                      receivables and bank borrowings denominated in RMB. As at 31 December 2024, if RMB had weakened
                      /strengthened by 5% (2023: 5%) against HK$ with all other variables held constant, profit after income
                      tax for the year would have been approximately RMB237,934,000 (2023: RMB 134,776,000) higher/
                      lower.




74   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (a)   Market risk (Continued)
              (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk
                     The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly attributable to its cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits,
                     pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings. Financial assets and liabilities at variable rates expose the
                     Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Financial assets and liabilities at fixed rates expose the Group to fair
                     value interest rate risk. Details of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged
                     bank deposits and bank borrowings have been disclosed in Notes 16 and 20 to the consolidated financial
                     statements.

                     As at 31 December 2024, if HK$ interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits,
                     pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2023: 25) basis points higher/lower with
                     all other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                     RMB285,000 (2023: RMB5,988,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest
                     expense on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.

                     As at 31 December 2024, if RMB interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged
                     bank deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2023: 25) basis points higher/lower with all
                     other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                     RMB6,387,000 (2023: RMB2,230,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest
                     expenses on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank
                     borrowings.

                     As at 31 December 2024, if USD interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits and
                     bank borrowings had been 25 (2023: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant,
                     profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately RMB570,000 higher/lower (2023:
                     RMB418,000 lower/higher), mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest income (2023: net interest
                     expense) on cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        75
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (b)   Credit risk
                The Group’s credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents at bank, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank
                deposits, trade and other receivables, loans to an associate and cash flows from derivative financial
                instruments. Management has a credit policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on
                an ongoing basis. The carrying amounts of these balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit
                risk in relation to financial assets which are stated as follows:

                                                                                                         2024           2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (restated)

                Cash and cash equivalents at bank                                                 1,451,691        1,809,472
                Fixed bank deposits (Note 16)                                                         170,000      1,175,000
                Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                        83,137        133,763
                Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                 107         16,307
                Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                        5,257,340        5,078,254
                Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                                            —          25,000

                Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                   6,962,275        8,237,796


                As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, most of the bank deposits are deposited with reputable banks in Hong
                Kong and state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of cash and bank balances has been assessed
                by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. The
                existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past.

                In respect of trade and other receivables and loans to an associate, the Group has policies in place to ensure
                that the loans or sales of products are made to counterparties or customers with appropriate credit history and
                the Group performs credit evaluations of these counterparties and its customers.

                The credit period of the majority of the Group’s trade receivables is within 90 days and largely comprises
                amounts receivable from business customers.

                There is limited degree of concentration of credit risks of the Group (Note 15(b)).




76   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
              In order to minimise the credit risks, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
              determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
              actions are taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount
              of each individual trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision for expected credit losses are made for
              irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

              The Group has the following financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

              •     cash and cash equivalents at bank

              •     fixed bank deposits

              •     pledged bank deposits

              •     trade and other receivables

              •     loans to an associate

              While cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged bank deposits are also subject to the
              impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.


              Trade and other receivables
              The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
              expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

              To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been assessed on a collective group basis based
              on different credit risk characteristics.

              The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 months before 31
              December 2024 and 2023 respectively and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within
              this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
              macroeconomic factors, e.g. merchandise import percentage of nominal gross domestic product, real private
              consumption growth, fiscal balance, affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       77
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                Trade and other receivables (Continued)
                On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 was determined as follows for trade
                receivables:

                                                                1 - 90   91 - 180   181 - 365      1–2      Over 2
                                                                 days        days       days       years      years
                31 December 2024                   Current    pass due   pass due   pass due    pass due   pass due     Total

                Expected loss rate                    0.3%       2.2%      22.3%      30.6%       56.6%      100%       2.5%
                Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)   1,659,209   200,317      15,184     14,139     21,667     18,057 1,928,573
                Loss allowance (RMB’000)             4,978       4,407      3,386      4,326     12,263     18,057     47,417


                                                                1 - 90   91 - 180   181 - 365      1–2       Over 2
                                                                  days       days       days       years      years
                31 December 2023 (restated)         Current   pass due   pass due    pass due   pass due   pass due      Total

                Expected loss rate                    0.9%       3.7%      26.6%      35.3%       65.8%    100.0%       3.4%
                Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)   1,416,271   145,121      14,268     12,259     24,517     12,014 1,624,450
                Loss allowance (RMB’000)            12,855       5,434      3,798      4,322     16,132     12,014     54,555


                Movements of loss allowance of trade receivables are set out in Note 15(b).

                Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there
                is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a
                repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than 2
                years past due.

                Impairment losses on trade receivables and contract assets are presented as net impairment losses within
                operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
                item.

                The bills receivables are bank acceptance notes issued by banks in the PRC. The credit quality of bills
                receivables has been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the
                counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, expected
                credit loss rate of bills receivables are assessed to be immaterial and no provision was made as at 31 December
                2024 and 2023.




78   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
              Trade and other receivables (Continued)
              For other financial assets at amortised cost, including other receivables, management considers that their credit
              risk has increased since initial recognition with reference to the market interest rate, counterparty historical
              default rate and current financial position. The impairment provision is determined based on the 12-month
              expected credit losses and RMB70,654,000 (2023: nil) has been provided during the year ended 31 December
              2024.


        (c)   Price risk
              The Group’s exposure to equity securities price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in
              the consolidated balance sheet as financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12).

              The Group does not have formal policy to manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities.

              With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVTPL measured at fair value
              had been 10% (2023: 10%) higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31
              December 2024 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB2,193,000 (2023: RMB3,863,000).


        (d)   Liquidity risk
              Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities and the
              availability of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities to meet obligations when
              due and to close out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the Group
              treasury maintains flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit lines.

              The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
              on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
              disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
              carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       79
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (d)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                                 Less than    Between 1     Between 2
                                                     1 year   and 2 years   and 5 years   Over 5 years        Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

                At 31 December 2024
                Bank borrowings and
                  interest payables              5,569,472     1,644,525       264,611         38,573     7,517,181
                Trade and other payables
                  excluding non-financial
                  liabilities                    3,416,317       112,231            —              —      3,528,548
                Lease liabilities                    6,723         2,786            —              —          9,509

                Total                            8,992,512     1,759,542       264,611         38,573    11,055,238


                                                  Less than    Between 1     Between 2
                                                     1 year   and 2 years   and 5 years   Over 5 years        Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

                At 31 December 2023
                  (restated)
                Bank borrowings and
                 interest payables               4,994,239     2,287,928       453,343             —      7,735,510
                Trade and other payables
                  excluding non-financial
                  liabilities                    3,129,358       130,099            —              —      3,259,457
                Lease liabilities                    7,606         6,957         2,805             —        17,368

                Total                            8,131,203     2,424,984       456,148             —     11,012,335




80   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.2 CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
       The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
       in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
       structure to reduce the cost of capital.

       In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group will consider the macro economic conditions,
       prevailing borrowing rate in the market and adequacy of cash flows generating from operations and may raise
       funding through capital market or bank borrowings as necessary.

       Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
       calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank borrowings (including “current and
       non-current bank borrowings” as shown in the consolidated balance sheet) plus lease liabilities less cash and cash
       equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged bank deposits.

       The gearing ratios at 31 December 2024 and 2023 were as follows:

                                                                                                    2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (restated)

       Total bank borrowings (Note 20)
         and lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                        7,322,167         7,466,857
       Less: cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged
              bank deposits (Note 16)                                                         (1,709,252)        (3,123,377)

       Net debt                                                                                5,612,915         4,343,480

       Total equity                                                                          34,377,141         32,694,652

       Gearing ratio                                                                              16.3%              13.3%




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     81
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION
          The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have
          been defined as follows:

          •       Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •       Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                  directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

          •       Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level
                  3).

          The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities (other than investments properties disclosed in Note 7
          and bills receivables classified as financial assets at FVOCI) that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2024 and
          2023.

                                                                      Level 1              Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

          At 31 December 2024
          Assets
          Financial assets at FVTPL
             – Equity securities                                       21,821                    —               —          21,821
              – Other financial products                                    —                    —              107             107


                                                                       Level 1              Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

          At 31 December 2023 (restated)
          Assets
          Financial assets at FVTPL
              – Equity securities                                      22,319                    —               —          22,319
              – Other financial products                                    —                    —          16,307          16,307




82   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Continued)
        There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year. The following table presents the changes in level 3
        item for the periods ended 31 December 2024 and 31 December 2023:

                                                                                                                      Other financial
                                                                                                                            products
                                                                                                                            RMB’000

        At 1 January 2023 (restated)                                                                                         629,972
        Acquisitions                                                                                                      1,253,042
        Disposals                                                                                                         (1,868,874)
        Realised income and fair value changes from financial products at FVTPL                                                2,167

        At 31 December 2023 (restated)                                                                                        16,307
        Acquisitions                                                                                                          49,188
        Disposals                                                                                                            (65,394)
        Realised income and fair value changes from financial products at FVTPL                                                     6

        At 31 December 2024                                                                                                       107


        The significant unobservable input to the valuation of financial instruments as at 31 December 2024 and 2023 is net
        asset value.

        The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the end of
        the reporting period. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an
        exchange, dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual
        and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market prices for financial assets
        at FVOCI and FVTPL used by the Group are the current bid price. The quoted market price already incorporates the
        market’s assumptions with respect to changes in economic climate such as rising interest rates and inflation, as well
        as changes due to ESG risk. These instruments are included in level 1.

        The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
        derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques which maximise the use of observable market data where
        it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an
        instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

        If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in
        level 3. This is the case for unlisted equity securities and for instruments where ESG risk gives rise to a significant
        unobservable adjustment.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Continued)
           Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

           •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.

           •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the remaining
                 financial instruments.

           The Group did not change any valuation techniques in determining the level 3 fair values.


4    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

     Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
     expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under
     the circumstances.

     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
     seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
     adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.


     (A) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          (i)    Useful lives
                 The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its
                 property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of
                 these assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations
                 and competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions. Management will increase the
                 depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down
                 technically obsolete or non- strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.


          (ii)   Impairment assessment
                 Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
                 indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amounts have been determined
                 based on the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use calculations, taking into account
                 the latest market information, past experience and the sustainability of the financial performance in the
                 foreseeable future.




84   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

    (B) IMPAIRMENT OF TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
       The Group makes provision for expected credit losses of trade and other receivables based on an estimate of the
       recoverability of these receivables. Provisions are applied to trade and other receivables where events or changes
       in circumstances indicate that the balances may not be collectible. The identification of impairment of trade and
       other receivables requires the use of estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
       difference will impact the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for expected credit losses in the period in
       which such estimate has been changed.

       The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
       Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based
       on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each
       reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).


    (C) CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
       The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
       the worldwide provision for income taxes and the timing of the related payments. There are many transactions and
       calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the
       final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
       impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.

       Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
       tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
       income tax liabilities of the Group mainly arise from fair value gain from investment properties and unremitted
       earnings of the PRC subsidiaries. The realisability of the deferred income tax liabilities and assets mainly depends
       on its subsidiaries’ dividend pay-out ratio and whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary differences will
       be available in the future, whichever is applicable. In cases where the actual dividend pay-out ratio is more than
       expected or future profits generated are less than expected, such difference will impact the income taxes in the
       periods in which such estimates have been changed.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      85
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


4    CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

     (D) FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
          Except for an investment property of RMB2,563,000 (2023: RMB2,563,000) which is stated at cost, the Group’s
          investment properties are carried at their fair values at 31 December 2024 amounting to RMB1,767,068,000 (2023:
          RMB1,401,590,000). The fair values were based on valuation on these properties conducted by independent
          professionally qualified valuers using property valuation techniques which involve certain assumptions of market
          conditions. Favorable or unfavorable changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of
          the Group’s investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss recognised in the
          consolidated income statement. Information about the valuation of investment properties is provided in Note 7.


     (E) INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE
          (I)    Estimation of useful life of float glass production capacity
                 Float glass production capacity that is considered to have an indefinite useful life is not amortised and is
                 tested for impairment annually and when there is an indication that it may be impaired. Float glass production
                 capacity is considered to have an indefinite useful life as there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which
                 it is expected to generate net cash inflows. Judgement is required to estimate the useful life of float glass
                 production capacity.


          (II)   Impairment of intangible assets with indefinite useful life
                 The Group tests whether intangible assets with indefinite useful life has suffered any impairment on an annual
                 basis. If the fair value less cost to sell exceed the carrying amount of the intangible assets with indefinite
                 useful life, there is no impairment. If not, the impairment test performed in cash-generating unit (“CGU”).
                 The recoverable amount of CGUs was determined based on value-in-use calculations which require the use of
                 assumptions. The calculations use cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management
                 covering a five-year period.

                 Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates stated in Note 8.
                 These growth rates are consistent with forecasts included in industry reports specific to the industry in which
                 each CGU operates. Details of key assumptions are disclosed in Note 8.




86   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION

    Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the executive directors that are
    used to make strategic decisions.

    The executive directors consider the business from an operational perspective. Generally, the executive directors consider
    the performance of business of each operating segment within the Group separately. Thus, each business within the
    Group is an individual operating segment.

    Among these operating segments, they are aggregated into three segments based on the products sold: (1) float glass; (2)
    automobile glass; and (3) architectural glass.

    The executive directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit. The Group
    does not allocate operating costs to its segments as this information is not reviewed by the executive directors.

    Sales between segments are carried out at terms mutually agreed by both parties. The revenue from external parties
    reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated income statement.

    The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
    December 2024 is as follows:

                                                                        Automobile Architectural
                                                          Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated           Total
                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000

    Segment revenue                                       15,343,516       6,304,742      3,108,902               —   24,757,160
    Inter-segment revenue                                 (2,433,591)              —               —              —   (2,433,591)

    Revenue from external customers (Note)               12,909,925       6,304,742       3,108,902               —   22,323,569
    Cost of sales                                       (10,468,347)     (3,004,801)     (2,120,761)              — (15,593,909)

    Gross profit                                          2,441,578       3,299,941         988,141               —     6,729,660

    Depreciation charge
      – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)           1,031,117         155,026         111,452          20,260     1,317,855
      – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         48,644           7,206           2,775         70,564      129,189
    Amortisation charge
      – intangible assets (Note 22)                            1,713           1,255               —              —        2,968
    Increase in provision for loss allowance,
      net (Note 15)                                                31          2,165           6,909         70,654       79,759
    Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —        196,869      196,869


    Note:

    The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2024 have been recognised at point in time.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                     Assets and liabilities
                                                                          Automobile Architectural
                                                           Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated               Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000

     Total assets                                          23,622,776       6,173,720      1,965,539      16,316,261        48,078,296

     Total assets included:
       Investments in associates (Note 13)                          —               —               —         9,203,629      9,203,629
       Investment properties (Note 7)                               —               —               —         1,769,631      1,769,631
     Additions to non-current assets
        (other than financial assets at FVOCI)              4,062,894         267,403        342,233           739,760       5,412,290

     Total liabilities                                      4,097,201       1,669,747        836,759          7,097,448     13,701,155


     The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
     December 2023 is as follows:

                                                                           Automobile    Architectural
                                                            Float glass          glass           glass    Unallocated             Total
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                             (restated)     (restated)      (restated)        (restated)     (restated)

     Segment revenue                                       19,442,414       5,417,288      3,036,696                 —      27,896,398
     Inter-segment revenue                                 (3,602,725)              —               —                —      (3,602,725)

     Revenue from external customers (Note)               15,839,689       5,417,288       3,036,696                 —     24,293,673
     Cost of sales                                       (11,617,829)      (2,838,538)    (2,019,831)                —     (16,476,198)

     Gross profit                                          4,221,860       2,578,750       1,016,865                 —      7,817,475

     Depreciation charge
       – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)              951,721        146,952         146,630             3,926      1,249,229
       – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         58,587           6,330           1,058           51,321        117,296
     Amortisation charge
       – intangible assets (Note 22)                            1,713           1,512               —                —           3,225
     Increase in provision for loss allowance,
       net (Note 15)                                                19            815           2,950                —           3,784
     Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —          912,257        912,257


     Note:


     The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2023 have been recognised at point in time.



88   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                  Assets and liabilities
                                                                       Automobile     Architectural
                                                         Float glass          glass           glass        Unallocated        Total
                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                         (restated)      (restated)     (restated)          (restated)    (restated)

    Total assets                                        20,990,994      6,461,496       1,777,164          17,086,489    46,316,143

    Total assets included:
      Investments in associates (Note 13)                        —              —                —          9,066,707     9,066,707
      Loans to an associate                                      —              —                —             25,000        25,000
      Investment properties (Note 7)                             —              —                —          1,404,153     1,404,153
    Additions to non-current assets
      (other than financial assets at FVOCI)             2,466,637        125,640          20,730             704,927     3,317,934

    Total liabilities                                    3,131,517      1,895,447         831,412           7,763,115    13,621,491


    A reconciliation of segment gross profit to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (restated)

    Segment gross profit                                                                              6,729,660          7,817,475
    Unallocated:
      Other income                                                                                     721,747             605,720
      Other gains/(losses) - net                                                                       113,535              (40,432)
      Selling and marketing costs                                                                  (1,055,656)           (1,186,273)
      Administrative and other operating expenses                                                  (2,244,027)           (2,051,087)
      Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                         (79,759)             (3,784)
      Finance income                                                                                       46,686          177,634
      Finance costs                                                                                    (181,026)          (456,361)
      Share of profits of associates                                                                   196,869             912,257

    Profit before income tax                                                                          4,248,029          5,775,149




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Reportable segment assets/(liabilities) are reconciled to total assets/(liabilities) as follows:

                                                                          Assets                               Liabilities

                                                                       2024                2023               2024                2023
                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                      (restated)                              (restated)

     Segment assets/(liabilities)                               31,762,035          29,229,654           (6,603,707)         (5,858,376)
     Unallocated:
       Property, plant and equipment                             2,068,039           2,274,753                   —                   —
       Right-of-use assets                                       2,109,392           2,184,014                   —                   —
       Investment properties                                     1,769,631           1,404,153                   —                   —
       Prepayments for property, plant and
          equipment, right-of-use assets and
          intangible assets                                          33,004            103,325                   —                   —
       Intangible assets                                             19,885              21,542                  —                   —
       Fixed bank deposits                                                —              90,000                  —                   —
       Financial assets at FVTPL                                     21,928              38,626                  —                   —
       Investments in associates                                 9,203,629           9,066,707                   —                   —
       Loans to an associate                                              —              25,000                  —                   —
       Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                 921,632           1,132,407                   —                   —
       Cash and bank balances                                      163,969             742,180                   —                   —
       Deferred income tax assets                                     5,152               3,782                  —                   —
       Other payables                                                     —                   —           (436,142)           (686,618)
       Current income tax liabilities                                     —                   —             (68,857)          (104,223)
       Deferred income tax liabilities                                    —                   —           (375,709)           (330,562)
       Bank borrowings                                                    —                   —          (6,216,740)         (6,641,712)

     Total assets/(liabilities)                                 48,078,296          46,316,143          (13,701,155)     (13,621,491)


     The amounts provided to the executive directors with respect to total assets are measured in a manner consistent with
     that of the consolidated financial statements. These assets are allocated based on the operations of the segment.




90   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Breakdown of the revenue from the sales of products is as follows:

                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                     (restated)

    Sales of float glass                                                                         12,909,925       15,839,689
    Sales of automobile glass                                                                        6,304,742      5,417,288
    Sales of architectural glass                                                                     3,108,902      3,036,696

    Total                                                                                        22,323,569       24,293,673


    The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from customers located in Greater China (including Hong Kong and the PRC) and
    other countries whilst the Group’s business activities are conducted predominately in Greater China. An analysis of the
    Group’s sales by geographical area of its customers is as follows:

                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                     (restated)

    Greater China                                                                                15,247,479       17,619,310
    Other countries                                                                                  7,076,090      6,674,363

                                                                                                 22,323,569       24,293,673



    An analysis of the Group’s non-current assets other than financial assets at FVOCI by geographical area in which the assets
    are located is as follows:

                                                                                                         2024            2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                     (restated)

    Greater China                                                                                32,999,611       31,975,331
    Malaysia                                                                                         1,525,871      1,478,985
    Other countries                                                                                  1,761,926        454,531

                                                                                                 36,287,408       33,908,847


    None of a single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2024
    (2023: None).

    Sales of goods are recognised at a point in time when a group entity has delivered products to the customer; the customer
    has accepted the products and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.

                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     (I)      Accounting policies of revenue recognition
              The Group manufactures and sells glass products. Revenue from sales of glass products are recognised when control
              of the products has transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled
              obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have
              been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customers,
              and either the customers has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions
              have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

              Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract. No element of financing is
              deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 to 90 days, which is consistent with market practice.

              A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration is
              unconditional and only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.


6    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES

                                            Construction      Freehold                      Plant and         Office
                                              in progress          land      Buildings     machinery     equipment            Total
                                              RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

     Year ended 31 December 2023
           (restated)
     Opening net book amount                    169,371        143,875      4,313,887     10,998,211         85,047     15,710,391
     Currency translation differences              (647)         (3,307)        (9,456)       (18,812)           (94)       (32,316)
     Additions                                1,958,628              —         92,513        457,591         42,835      2,551,567
     Transfers                               (1,016,988)             —        342,157        672,441           2,390             —
     Transfer to investment
           properties (Note 7)                        —              —        (36,764)             —              —        (36,764)
     Disposals                                        —              —         (2,743)      (211,727)            (82)     (214,552)
     Depreciation charge                              —              —       (207,262)    (1,132,962)       (34,776)    (1,375,000)

     Closing net book amount                 1,110,364        140,568      4,492,332      10,764,742         95,320     16,603,326

     At 31 December 2023 (restated)
     Cost                                     1,110,364        140,568      6,240,720     19,787,298        267,984     27,546,934
     Accumulated depreciation                         —              —     (1,748,388)     (9,022,556)     (172,664)    (10,943,608)

     Net book amount                         1,110,364        140,568      4,492,332      10,764,742         95,320     16,603,326




92   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

                                       Construction      Freehold                     Plant and         Office
                                         in progress         land      Buildings     machinery     equipment            Total
                                          RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

    Year ended 31 December 2024
      (restated)
    Opening net book amount              1,110,364        140,568      4,492,332     10,764,742         95,320     16,603,326
    Currency translation differences            406          8,400        34,580         42,832              53        86,271
    Additions                            4,026,289              —         69,547        357,947         35,322      4,489,105
    Transfers                            (1,003,909)            —        319,224        681,913          2,772              —
    Transfer to investment
      properties (Note 7)                        —              —       (190,316)             —              —       (190,316)
    Impairment loss and disposals                —              —         (2,018)      (620,516)          (326)      (622,860)
    Depreciation charge                          —              —       (218,405)    (1,193,657)       (42,004)    (1,454,066)

    Closing net book amount              4,133,150        148,968      4,504,944    10,033,261          91,137    18,911,460

    At 31 December 2024
    Cost                                 4,133,150        148,968      6,490,586     19,801,344        304,395     30,878,443
    Accumulated depreciation                     —              —     (1,985,642)    (9,768,083)      (213,258) (11,966,983)

    Net book amount                      4,133,150        148,968      4,504,944    10,033,261          91,137    18,911,460


    Depreciation expense of approximately RMB1,120,820,000 (2023: RMB1,119,581,000) has been charged in cost of
    sales, RMB197,035,000 (2023: RMB129,648,000) in selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating
    expenses and RMB1,316,133,000 (2023: RMB1,179,922,000) has been capitalised in inventories.

    During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounted to RMB88,537,000 (2023: RMB94,596,000) on
    qualifying assets (Note 26). Borrowing costs were capitalised at the weighted average rate of its general borrowings of 3.4%
    (2023: 5.0%) per annum.

    During the year ended 31 December 2024, part of the float glass production facilities in Hainan and Chongqing ceased
    operations due to suspension on a permanent basis or update and transformation. Certain production assets were
    scrapped and the loss incurred for those scrapped assets were RMB502,097,000 (2023: nil).




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

     (I)   Revaluation, depreciation methods and useful lives
           Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values, over their
           estimated useful lives, as follows:

           – Buildings                                                                                             20-30 years
           – Plant and machinery                                                                                   5-20 years
           – Office equipment                                                                                      3-7 years

           The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
           period.

           See note 35.5 for the other accounting policies relevant to property, plant and equipment.


     LEASES
     This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.

     (I)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
           The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (restated)

           Right-of-use assets
           Leasehold lands and land-use rights                                                       3,880,863           3,962,474
           Less: impairment losses of right-of-use assets                                               (42,787)                   —

                                                                                                     3,838,076           3,962,474
           Buildings                                                                                     36,271                15,378

                                                                                                     3,874,347           3,977,852


                                                                                                           2024                  2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (restated)

           Lease liabilities
           Current                                                                                        6,336                 7,185
           Non-current                                                                                    2,743                 9,044

                                                                                                          9,079                16,229




94   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

    LEASES (Continued)
    (II)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement
            The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                            (restated)

            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note)
            Leasehold land and land use rights                                                           121,075              95,902
            Buildings                                                                                       9,174             21,461

                                                                                                         130,249             117,363
            Unwinding of interest on lease liabilities (Note 26)                                              779               1,296


            The total cash outflow for leases in 2024 was RMB7,590,000 (2023: RMB22,294,000).

            Notes:

            Depreciation charge of RMB1,060,000 (2023: RMB67,000) were capitalised as direct cost of construction in progress during the
            year ended 31 December 2024 when the buildings thereon were not yet ready for production purposes. For the year ended 31
            December 2024, depreciation of the Group’s right-of-use assets amounted to RMB129,189,000 (2023: RMB117,296,000) were
            charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 22).


    (III)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
            Lands in the PRC are state-owned. The Group acquired leasehold lands from mainland China government by one-
            off prepayment with lease terms of 20 to 50 years. The leasehold lands were classified as “right-of-use assets”. The
            Group also leases various offices and warehouses. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 1 year to 3
            years.

            Lease terms for offices and warehouses are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different
            terms and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the
            leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6    PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

     LEASES (Continued)
     (III)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for (Continued)
             The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the leases. If that rate cannot be readily
             determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
             being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
             similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

             To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

             •     where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted
                   to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

             •     uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the
                   Group, which does not have recent third-party financing, and

             •     makes adjustments specific to the lease, eg term, country, currency and security.

             If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or market
             data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the Group entities use that rate as a starting point to
             determine the incremental borrowing rate.

             Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
             a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
             depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

             Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets are
             recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of
             12 months or less without a purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office
             furniture.

             See note 35.21 for the other accounting policies relevant to leases.




96   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                           (restated)

    At 1 January                                                                                       1,404,153          1,334,104
    Currency translation differences                                                                        1,702              1,072
    Additions                                                                                             11,359                   —
    Transferred from property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                              190,316              36,764
    Transferred from right-of-use assets                                                                 105,453              29,026
    Revaluation gains on investment properties transferred from property,
           plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                                                   139,618              32,662
    Fair value losses (Note 25)                                                                           (82,970)           (29,475)

    At 31 December                                                                                     1,769,631          1,404,153



    (I)       Amounts recognised in profit or loss for investment properties

                                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                           (restated)

              Rental income from operating lease (Note 24)                                               118,558              66,831
              Fair value losses recognised in other gains/(losses) - net (Note 25)                        (82,970)           (29,475)



    (II)      Measuring investment property at fair value
              Investment properties, principally comprising leasehold lands and office buildings, are held for long-term rental
              yields, capital appreciation or both, and that are not occupied by the Group. They also include properties that
              are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties. Investment properties are initially
              measured at cost, including related transaction costs and interest expense capitalised. After initial recognition at cost
              investment properties are carried at fair value, representing open market value determined at each reporting date by
              external valuers. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature,
              location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group uses alternative valuation
              methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow projections. Changes in fair values are
              recorded in the consolidated income statement as fair value gain or loss in “Other gains/(losses) - net”.


    (III)     Presenting cash flows
              The Group classifies cash outflows to acquire or construct investment property as investing and rental inflows as
              operating cash flows.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7    INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

     (IV)   Leasing arrangements
            The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Lease income
            from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line basis over the lease
            term.

            Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties are set out in Note 31.

            As at 31 December 2024, the Group had eight (2023: five) investment properties located in the PRC and one (2023:
            one) investment property in Hong Kong. The Group obtained independent valuations from Graval Consulting
            Limited for seven (2023: four) investment properties located in the PRC and one (2023: one) investment property in
            Hong Kong.


     VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP
     The Group’s investment properties were valued at 31 December 2024 and 2023 by independent professionally qualified
     valuers who hold recognised relevant professional qualification and have recent experience in the locations and segments
     of the investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best use.

     The Group’s finance department reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuers for financial reporting
     purposes. This team reports directly to the chief financial officer and group senior management for discussions in relation
     to the valuation processes and the reasonableness of the valuation results.

     At each financial year end the Group’s finance department:

     •      Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

     •      Assess property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report;

     •      Holds discussions with the independent valuer.




98   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)
    The following table analyses the investment properties carried at their fair values, by valuation method.

                                                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                                  (restated)

    Fair value hierarchy (level 3):
      – Commercial building - Xiamen, the PRC                                                                 965,200            1,039,400
      – Commercial building 3 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                               94,500               95,100
      – Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                           109,543              111,870
      – Office unit - Hong Kong                                                                                 47,035               56,768
      – Factory building - Jiangsu, the PRC                                                                   160,100                98,452
      – Factory building 1 - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                    165,200                     —
      – Factory building 2 - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                      91,100                    —
      – Factory building - Maanshan, the PRC                                                                  134,390                     —

    At cost
      – Commercial building 2 - Shenzhen, the PRC (Note)                                                         2,563                2,563


    Note: As at 31 December 2024 and 2023, the fair value of this investment property could not be reliably measured as the market for
          comparable properties was inactive due to the Group was in the process of obtaining the property ownership certificate in respect
          of property interest held. In addition, alternative for reliably measurement of fair value of the property was not available. In the
          opinion of directors, the absence of the property ownership certificate to this property interest does not impair the carrying amount
          to the Group as the Group has paid the full purchase consideration of this property interest and the probability of being evicted on
          the ground of an absence of property ownership certificate is remote.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED             99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)
      Fair value measurement using significant unobservable input (level 3)

                                            Commercial    Commercial                                       Factory        Factory        Factory       Factory
                                             building -   building 3 -   Office unit -                   building -   building 1 -   building 2 -    building -
                                               Xiamen,     Shenzhen,          Wuhu,      Office unit -    Jiangsu,         Wuhu,          Wuhu,     Maanshan,
                                               the PRC       the PRC         the PRC     Hong Kong        the PRC        the PRC        the PRC       the PRC         Total
                                              RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024 (restated)           1,039,400         95,100        111,870          56,768        98,452             —              —             —     1,401,590
      Currency translation differences              —              —               —            1,702           —              —              —             —        1,702
      Additions                                     —              —               —               —         3,210          6,396          1,753            —       11,359
      Transfer from property,
        plant and equipment (Note 6)                —              —               —               —        32,121         51,318         28,766        78,111     190,316
      Transfer from right-of-use assets             —              —               —               —         6,969         51,945         26,108        20,431     105,453
      Fair value (losses)/gains (Note 25)      (74,200)          (600)         (2,327)        (11,435)       5,592             —              —             —       (82,970)
      Revaluation gains on investment
        properties transferred from
        property, plant and equipment
        and right-of-use assets                     —              —               —               —        13,756         55,541         34,473        35,848     139,618

      At 31 December 2024                      965,200         94,500        109,543          47,035      160,100        165,200          91,100      134,390     1,767,068

      Total (losses)/gains for the year
        included in the consolidated
        income statement for assets
        held at the end of year                (74,200)          (600)         (2,327)        (11,435)       5,592             —              —             —       (82,970)

      Change in unrealised (losses)/
        gains for the year included
        in the consolidated income
        statement for assets held at
        the end of year                        (74,200)          (600)         (2,327)        (11,435)       5,592             —              —             —       (82,970)




100   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSESES OF THE GROUP (Continued)

                                                 Commercial     Commercial                                       Factory
                                                   building -   building 3 -   Office unit -                   building -
                                                    Xiamen,      Shenzhen,          Wuhu,      Office unit -    Jiangsu,
                                                    the PRC        the PRC         the PRC     Hong Kong        the PRC            Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

    At 1 January 2023 (restated)                  1,062,600        105,400        104,620           58,921            —     1,331,541
    Currency translation differences                      —              —               —           1,072            —        1,072
    Transfer from property,
      plant and equipment (Note 6)                        —              —               —               —       36,764       36,764
    Transfer from right-of-use assets                     —              —               —               —       29,026       29,026
    Fair value (losses)/gains (Note 25)             (23,200)       (10,300)          7,250          (3,225)           —       (29,475)
    Revaluation gains on investment
      properties transferred from property,
      plant and equipment
      and right-of-use assets                             —              —               —               —       32,662       32,662

    At 31 December 2023 (restated)                1,039,400         95,100        111,870           56,768       98,452     1,401,590

    Total (losses)/gains for the year included
      in the consolidated income
      statement for assets held at
      the end of year                               (23,200)       (10,300)          7,250          (3,225)           —       (29,475)

    Change in unrealised (losses)/gains for
      the year included in the consolidated
      income statement for assets
      held at the end of year                       (23,200)       (10,300)          7,250          (3,225)           —       (29,475)




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      INFORMATION ABOUT FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS USING SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE
      INPUTS (LEVEL 3)
                                                                                                                 Range of unobservable   Relationship of
                                         Fair value at   Valuation                              Unobservable     inputs (probability-    unobservable inputs to
      Description                   31 December 2024     technique(s)                           inputs           weighted average)       fair value

      Commercial building –           RMB965,200,000     Based on current prices in an active   Market value     RMB18,162               The higher the market
        Xiamen, the PRC                        (2023:      market for similar properties in       (2023: same)     per square meter        value, the higher
                                    RMB1,039,400,000)      the same location and condition                         (2023: RMB19,653        the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                            per square meter)
                                                           (2023: same)

      Commercial building 3 –          RMB94,500,000     Based on current price in an active    Market value     RMB31,363               The higher the market
        Shenzhen, the PRC                      (2023:      market for similar properties in       (2023: same)     per square meter        value, the higher
                                      RMB95,100,000)       the same location and condition                         (2023: RMB31,563        the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                            per square meter)
                                                           (2023: same)

      Office unit – Wuhu,             RMB109,543,000     Based on current price in an active    Market value     RMB4,468                The higher the market
        the PRC                                (2023:      market for similar properties in       (2023: same)     per square meter        value, the higher
                                     RMB111,870,000)       the same location and condition                         (2023: RMB4,563         the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                            per square meter)
                                                           (2023: Same)

      Factory building - Jiangsu,     RMB160,100,000     Based on current price in an active    Market value     RMB2,546                The higher the market
        the PRC                                (2023:      market for similar properties in       (2023: Same)     per square meter        value, the higher
                                       RMB98,452,000)      the same location and condition                         (2023: RMB2,318         the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                            per square meter)
                                                           (2023: Same)

      Factory building 1 - Wuhu,      RMB165,200,000     Based on current price in an active    Market value     RMB2,307                The higher the market
        the PRC                                            market for similar properties in                        per square meter        value, the higher
                                                           the same location and condition                                                 the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease

      Factory building 2 - Wuhu,       RMB91,100,000     Based on current price in an active    Market value     RMB2,250                The higher the market
        the PRC                                            market for similar properties in                        per square meter        value, the higher
                                                           the same location and condition                                                 the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease




102   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    INFORMATION ABOUT FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS USING SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE
    INPUTS (LEVEL 3) (Continued)
                                                                                                             Range of unobservable   Relationship of
                                   Fair value at   Valuation                              Unobservable       inputs (probability-    unobservable inputs to
    Description               31 December 2024     technique(s)                           inputs             weighted average)       fair value

    Factory building -         RMB134,390,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value       RMB1,575                The higher the market
      Maanshan, the PRC                              market for similar properties in                          per square meter        value, the higher
                                                     the same location and condition                                                   the fair value
                                                     and subject to similar lease

    Office unit – Hong Kong     RMB47,035,000      Based on current price in an active    Recent market      RMB12,264               The higher the market
                                         (2023:      market for similar properties in       price              per square feet         value, the higher
                                RMB56,768,000)       the same location and condition        (2023: same)       (2023: RMB14,950        the fair value
                                                     and subject to similar lease                              per square feet)
                                                     (2023: same)
                                                                                          Level adjustment   2.5% (2023:3.8%)        The higher the level, the
                                                                                            (2023: same)                               higher the fair value

                                                                                          View adjustment    11.7% (2023:3.8%))      The better the view, the
                                                                                            (2023: same)                               higher the fair value


    There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.




                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                     103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


8     INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                          Float glass
                                                                  Customer                production     Mining
                                       Goodwill   Trademark relationship       Patent       capacity      rights        Total
                                       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

      Year ended 31 December
        2023 (restated)
      Opening net book amount            49,170       4,612          1,228        211        698,973     25,256      779,450
      Additions                              —              —           —           —        130,415    222,343      352,758
      Amortisation charge (Note 22)          —            (954)       (254)        (56)           —       (1,961)      (3,225)

      Closing net book amount            49,170       3,658           974         155        829,388    245,638     1,128,983

      At 31 December 2023 (restated)
      Cost                               49,170      19,088          5,080      7,232        829,388    248,704     1,158,662
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                       —       (15,430)       (4,106)     (7,077)           —       (3,066)     (29,679)

      Net book amount                    49,170       3,658           974         155        829,388    245,638     1,128,983

      Year ended 31 December
        2024 (restated)
      Opening net book amount            49,170       3,658           974         155        829,388    245,638     1,128,983
      Additions                              —              —           —           —         12,509      2,639       15,148
      Amortisation charge (Note 22)          —            (954)       (254)        (56)           —       (1,704)      (2,968)

      Closing net book amount            49,170       2,704           720          99        841,897    246,573     1,141,163

      At 31 December 2024
      Cost                               49,170      19,088          5,080      7,232        841,897    251,343     1,173,810
      Accumulated amortisation
        and impairment                       —       (16,384)       (4,360)     (7,133)           —       (4,770)     (32,647)

      Net book amount                    49,170       2,704           720          99        841,897    246,573     1,141,163




104   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
8   INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

    Amortisation charge of RMB2,968,000 (2023: RMB3,225,000) has been included in administrative and other operating
    expenses in the consolidated income statement (Note 22).


    (I)   AMORTISATION METHODS AND PERIODS
          The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the following
          periods:

          – Trademark, customer relationship and patent                              3-20 years
          – Mining rights                                                            12-15 years


    IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR GOODWILL
    Goodwill is related to the acquisition of a subsidiary, which principally engaged in manufacturing of automobile glass in
    the PRC. For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the CGU of the subsidiary.

    The recoverable amount of the CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use pre-tax
    cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period with estimated
    compound revenue annual growth rate of 4.5% (2023: 4.5%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated
    using the terminal growth rate of 2.0% (2023: 2.0%).

    Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in revenue
    growth rate and net profit ratio. Future cash flows are discounted at 12% (2023: 13.0%) per annum. The discount rate
    used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to this CGU.

    At as 31 December 2024, the recoverable amount of the CGU was RMB2,768,787,000 (2023: RMB2,089,085,000), which
    exceeded its carrying amount of RMB1,778,474,000 (2023: RMB1,535,517,000).

    Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
    carrying amount of goodwill to exceed the recoverable amount.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


8     INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

      IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE

      The impairment of float glass production capacity is first tested whether its fair value less costs to sell exceed the carrying
      amount. If yes, there is no impairment loss of the float glass production capacity. If not, impairment test for float glass
      production capacity will be performed at the related CGUs level. As at 31 December 2024, the Group’s float glass
      production capacity were held by six (2023: six) subsidiaries, fair value less costs to sell of float glass production capacity
      of three (2023: five) subsidiaries exceeded the carrying amount, thus no impairment test was performed. The impairment
      tests were performed for remaining three (2023: one) subsidiaries at each CGU’s level.

      The recoverable amount of each CGU is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These calculations use pre-tax
      cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period with estimated
      compound annual growth rate of 3.0% (2023: 3.0%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the
      terminal growth rate of 2.5% (2023: 2.0%).

      Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in
      revenue growth rate and net profit ratio. Future cash flows are discounted at 12% (2023: 13%) per annum. The discount
      rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks regarding the related CGU.

      At as 31 December 2024, the aggregated recoverable amount of the CGUs were RMB2,883,337,000 (2023:
      RMB1,960,685,000), which exceeded the aggregated carrying amount of RMB2,385,629,000 (2023: RMB1,387,231,000).

      Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of float glass production capacity to exceed the recoverable amount.




106   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
9   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                     (restated)

    Financial assets as per consolidated balance sheet
    Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                                              21,928             38,626
    Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                                                       —             25,000
    Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                                    5,257,340         5,078,254
    Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                                  83,137           133,763
    Fixed bank deposits (Note 16)                                                                   170,000         1,175,000
    Cash and cash equivalents (Note 16)                                                           1,456,115         1,814,614

    Total                                                                                         6,988,520         8,265,257



                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                     (restated)

    Financial liabilities as per consolidated balance sheet
    Liabilities at amortised cost
    Bank borrowings (Note 20)                                                                     7,313,088         7,450,628
    Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities                                  3,528,548         3,259,457
    Lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                                        9,079             16,229

    Total                                                                                       10,850,715         10,726,314


    The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the financial instruments is discussed in note 3. The maximum
    exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each class of financial assets mentioned
    above.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2024:

                                                                                                                       Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                       of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                           shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of               Principal                Particulars of                       directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         activities               issued/                           held by the      held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of             registered             Interest    Company      the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital             held           (%)           (%)           (%)

      Kangchen Plastic (Shenzhen)    The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
         Company Limited               liability company       plastic products        paid up capital of
                                                               in the PRC              RMB3,280,000

      Shenzhen Benson Automobile     The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
         Glass Company Limited         liability company       automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                               in the PRC              RMB140,000,000

      Dongguan Benson Automobile The PRC, limited           Manufacturing of         Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
         Glass Company Limited         liability company       automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                               in the PRC              US$45,980,000

      Xinyi Automobile Glass         The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
        (Shenzhen) Company Limited     liability company       automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                               in the PRC              RMB364,173,022

      Xinyi Automobile Parts (Wuhu) The PRC, limited        Manufacturing of         Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
         Company Limited               liability company       automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                               in the PRC              US$51,800,000

      Xinyi Glass (Tianjin)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing            Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
         Company Limited               liability company       of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                               architectural glass     US$126,000,000
                                                               in the PRC




108   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2024: (Continued)

                                                                                                                        Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                        of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                            shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                    Place of               Principal               Particulars of                          directly       shares       by non-
                                    incorporation/         activities              issued/                              held by the      held by    controlling
                                    establishment and      and place of            registered                Interest    Company      the Group        interest
    Name                            kind of legal entity   operation               share capital                held           (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Ultra-thin Glass          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%              —          100%             —
      (Dongguan) Company              liability company      float glass             paid up capital of
      Limited                                                in the PRC              US$80,000,000

    Xinyi Glass Japan               Japan, limited liability Trading of automobile Authorised and paid up       55%             —           55%           45%
      Company Limited                 company                glass in Japan          capital of 400
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     JP¥50,000 each

    Xinyi Auto Glass                Canada, limited        Trading of automobile Authorised and paid            70%             —           70%           30%
      (North America) Corporation     liability company      glass in Canada         up capital of 100,000
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     CAD0.1 each

    Xinyi Group (Glass)             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      1,000 ordinary shares      100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company      and trading
                                                             in Hong Kong

    Xinyi International             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      10,000 ordinary shares     100%              —          100%             —
      Investments Limited             liability company      and trading
                                                             in Hong Kong

    Xinyi Automobile Glass (BVI)    The British Virgin     Investment holding      Authorised and paid        100%           100%          100%             —
      Company Limited                 Islands, limited       in Hong Kong            up capital of 55,000
                                      liability company                              ordinary shares of
                                                                                     US$1 each

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu)       The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and             100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                             architectural glass     US$58,500,000
                                                             in the PRC




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2024: (Continued)

                                                                                                                         Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                         of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                             shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                       Place of               Principal               Particulars of                        directly       shares       by non-
                                       incorporation/         activities              issued/                            held by the      held by    controlling
                                       establishment and      and place of            registered              Interest    Company      the Group        interest
      Name                             kind of legal entity   operation               share capital              held           (%)           (%)           (%)

      Xinyi Special Glass (Jiangmen)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered capital of    100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      float glass             US$180,800,000
                                                                in the PRC              and total paid
                                                                                        up capital
                                                                                        of US$131,860,000

      Xinyi Glass Engineering          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and           100%              —          100%             —
        (Dongguan) Company               liability company      architectural glass     paid up capital of
        Limited                                                 in the PRC              US$60,000,000

      Xinyi Glass (Yingkou)            The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and           100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      of float glass          paid up capital of
                                                                and architectural       US$119,000,000
                                                                glass in the PRC

      Xinyi Automobile Parts           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and           100%              —          100%             —
        (Tianjin) Company Limited        liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC              US$57,150,000

      Xinyi Glass (Xiamen) Co. Ltd     The PRC, limited       Conducting research     Registered and           100%           100%          100%             —
                                         liability company      and trading             paid up capital of
                                                                of glass in the PRC     HK$120,000,000

      Xinyi Electronic Glass           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and           100%              —          100%             —
        (Wuhu) Company Limited           liability company      electronic glass        paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC              US$60,630,000




110   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2024: (Continued)

                                                                                                                     Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                     of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                         shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                   Place of               Principal             Particulars of                          directly       shares       by non-
                                   incorporation/         activities            issued/                              held by the      held by    controlling
                                   establishment and      and place of          registered                Interest    Company      the Group        interest
    Name                           kind of legal entity   operation             share capital                held           (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Sichuan)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing         Registered and             100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      of float glass        paid up capital of
                                                            and architectural     US$99,000,000
                                                            glass in the PRC

    Xinyi Energy Smart             Malaysia, limited      Manufacturing of      Registered and             100%              —          100%             —
      (Malaysia) SDN.BHD             liability company      float glass and       paid up capital of
                                                            automobile glass      RM$20,000,000
                                                            in Malaysia

    Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai)     The PRC, limited       Operate wind farm     Registered and               82%             —           82%           18%
      Company Limited                liability company      for electricity       paid up capital of
                                                            generation            RMB12,195,129
                                                            in the PRC

    Xinyi Glass (Bozhou)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing and     Registered and             100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      sales of glass        paid up capital of
                                                            products              RMB 10,000,000
                                                            in the PRC

    Xinyi Glass (GuangXi)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of      Registered and paid up     100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      float glass and       capital of RMB
                                                            automobile glass      650,000,000
                                                            in the PRC




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2024: (Continued)

                                                                                                                         Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                         of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                             shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of               Principal                Particulars of                         directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         activities               issued/                             held by the      held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of             registered               Interest    Company      the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital               held           (%)           (%)           (%)

      Guangxi Xinyi Supply Chain     The PRC, limited       Provision of supply      Registered and            100%              —          100%             —
        Management                     liability company      chain services           paid up capital of
        Company Limited                                       in the PRC               RMB3,000,000

      Beihai Xinhe Logistics         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and            100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC               RMB1,500,000

      Xinyi Glass (Jiangsu)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and            100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass and          paid up capital of
                                                              architectural glass      US$200,000,000
                                                              in the PRC

      Ultimate Luck Global Limited   The British Virgin     Investment holding       Authorised and paid         60%             —           60%           40%
                                       Islands, limited       in Hong Kong             up capital of 50,000
                                       liability company                               ordinary shares of
                                                                                       US$1each

      Xinyi Glass (Hainan)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and paid up    100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass and          capital of
                                                              automobile glass         RMB19,322,075,000
                                                              in the PRC

      Cheer Wise Investment          Hong Kong, limited     Property and car         1 ordinary share            60%             —           60%           40%
        Limited                        liability company      parks holding
                                                              in Hong Kong

      Xinyi Supply Chain Management The PRC, limited        Providing supply         Registered and paid up    100%              —          100%             —
        (Jiangsu) Company Limited      liability company      chain service            capital of
                                                              in the PRC               US$47,000,000




112   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                                          Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                          of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                              shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                    Place of               Principal               Particulars of                            directly       shares       by non-
                                    incorporation/         activities              issued/                                held by the      held by    controlling
                                    establishment and      and place of            registered                  Interest    Company      the Group        interest
    Name                            kind of legal entity   operation               share capital                  held           (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Glass (Chongqin)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing float     Registered and paid up       100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company      glass and Low-E         capital of
                                                             products in the PRC     RMB968,000,000

    Hepu Xinyi New Materials        The PRC, limited       Mining in the PRC       Registered and paid up       100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company                              capital of
                                                                                     RMB10,660,000

    PT Xinyi Glass Indonesia        Indonesia, limited     Manufacturing           Registered and paid          100%              —          100%             —
                                      liability company      of float glass,         up capital of
                                                             automobile glass        Indonesia Rupiah
                                                             and architectural       10,000,000,000
                                                             glass in Indonesia

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Jiangmen)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered capital of        100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company      of float glass and      US$105,500,000
                                                             architectural glass     and paid
                                                             in the PRC              up capital of
                                                                                     US$105,424,638




                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


11 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

      (A) EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FVOCI
                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)

           At 1 January                                                                                 —            24,557
           Fair value losses recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 18)                         —           (24,849)
           Currency translation differences                                                             —               292

           At 31 December                                                                               —                 —
           Less: Non-current portion                                                                    —                 —

           Current portion                                                                              —                 —



           (I)   Classification of financial assets at FVOCI
                 The Group’s shareholding in ZMFY as at 31 December 2024 is approximately 15.17% (2023: approximately
                 15.17%). During the year ended 31 December 2023, the HKEX announced that the listing of the shares of
                 ZMFY was cancelled from 16 May 2023. The directors consider the fair value of financial assets at FVOCI to be
                 zero.




114   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS

   (A) CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
       The Group classifies the following financial assets at FVTPL:

       •     equity investments that are held for trading, and

       •     equity investments for which the Group has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through other
             comprehensive income, and

       •     debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or FVOCI.

       As at 31 December, financial assets measured at FVTPL include the following:

                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)

       Current assets
       PRC listed equity securities                                                                21,821            22,319
       PRC short-term financial products                                                              107            16,307

                                                                                                   21,928            38,626


       As at 31 December 2024, financial assets at FVTPL represent equity securities listed in the PRC (Zotye Automibile
       Co. Ltd and Tangshan Sanyou Chemical Industries Co., Ltd) and short-term financial products (“Financial Products”)
       issued by a bank in the PRC which are held for trading. The Financial Products were not principal guaranteed
       nor with pre-determined or guaranteed return. As at 31 December 2024, the Group had RMB107,000 (2023:
       RMB16,307,000) Financial Products not been redeemed or matured.

       See note 35.8 for the remaining relevant accounting policies.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Continued)

      (B) AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT OR LOSS
            During the year, the following gains were recognised in consolidated income statement:

                                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)

            Unrealised fair value (losses)/gains of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                 (492)        11,307
            Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                    —           2,167



      (C) RISK EXPOSURE AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
            Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 3.1(c). For information about the methods
            and assumptions used in determining fair value please refer to Note 3.3.


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                       2024            2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)

      Investments in associates
      At 1 January                                                                              9,066,707         8,366,720
      Currency translation differences                                                               102,576        158,195
      Addition to interests in an associate (Note (a))                                               288,313        120,305
      Dilution of interests in an associate (Note (b))                                                    —           (1,674)
      Share of profits of associates                                                                 196,869        912,257
      Share of other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                      57,668       (113,091)
      Dividends received                                                                         (508,504)         (376,005)

      At 31 December                                                                            9,203,629         9,066,707




116   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

                                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                                   (restated)

   Loans to an associate
         – Current portion                                                                                            —                    —
         – Non-current portion                                                                                        —               25,000

                                                                                                                      —               25,000


   Notes:

   (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group purchased 16,834,000 shares of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”),
            at cost of HK$129,630,280 (approximately RMB117,305,000) from the Hong Kong stock market.

            During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group invested in Jiangsu Lianxun Technology Company Limited (“Jiangsu Lianxun”)
            at cost of RMB3,000,000 representing a total of 30% of the ordinary shares of Jiangsu Lianxun.

            On 16 October 2024, Xinyi Solar recommended the declaration the payment of 2024 interim dividend of 10 HK cents per share
            of the company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of
            66,151,265 shares at the market price of HK$3.15 per share, totaled RMB196,020,000.

            On 16 October 2024, Xinyi Energy recommended the declaration the payment of 2024 interim dividend of 2.3 HK cents per
            share of the company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of
            13,453,306 shares at the market price of HK$0.77 per share, totaled RMB9,745,000.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group invested in Jiangsu Dannai New Material Company Limited (“Dannai”) at
            cost of RMB30,000,000 representing a total of 30% of the ordinary shares of Dannai.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group invested in Ordos City Shuangxin New Material Company Limited
            (“Shuangxin”) at cost of RMB24,000,000 representing a total of 30% of the ordinary shares of Shuangxin.

            During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group invested in PT Anxin Mining and Processing (“Anxin”) at cost of
            RMB3,548,000 representing a total of 35% of the ordinary shares of Anxin.

            During January to February 2021, the Group entered into an investment agreement and subscribed for 50% ordinary shares of
            Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company Limited (“Wuxuan Xinbao”) at a consideration of RMB25,000,000. According to the investment
            agreement, the Group will transfer the 50% interests to the other investor of Wuxuan Xinbao at RMB25,000,000 at the end of
            a 20-year operating period and the consideration shall be settled by Wuxuan Xinbao. Wuxuan Xinbao paid the Group an annual
            sum of RMB2,000,000 and the Group did not entitle to any profit or loss of Wuxuan Xinbao during the 20-year operating period.
            During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered into a supplemental agreement for Wuxuan Xinbao, the Group will
            entitle to profit or loss of Wuxuan Xinbao and Wuxuan Xinbao does not pay the Group any annual sum. Therefore, the amount
            paid to Wuxuan Xinbao was reclassified from loans to an associate under amortised cost to investments in associates.

   (b)      In June 2023, Xinyi Energy allotted and issued 744,040,025 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group. The
            Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy was diluted, resulting in a decrease in the investment of approximately RMB1,674,000, comprising
            a dilution loss of approximately RMB5,228,000 and the reclassification of currency translation gain of approximately RMB3,554,000
            from reserves to consolidated income statement.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the associates as at 31 December 2024:

                                                                                       Principal activities and
      Name                                   Particulars of registered share capital   place of operation                        Interest held

      Xinyi Solar (Note (i))                 Authorised capital of                     Production and sales of                        23.68%
                                               HK$8,000,000,000 and total                solar glass products in the PRC, and
                                               paid up capital of HK$907,845,000         development and operation of solar
                                               (2023: HK$8,000,000,000 and total         farms and provision of engineering
                                               paid up capital of HK$890,325,000)        procurement and construction services

      Xinyi Energy (Note (ii))               Authorised capital of HK$8,000,000,000    Management and operations of                    5.54%
                                               and total paid up capital                 solar farms in the PRC
                                               of HK$83,767,000 (2023:
                                               HK$8,000,000,000 and total paid of
                                               HK$82,566,000)

      Xinyi Silicon                          Registered and paid up capital of         Production and sales of silicon                   48%
                                               RMB120,000,000 (2023: same)               products in the PRC

      Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited Registered and paid up capital of          Exploration, mining and trading of                45%
                                               RMB25,454,500 (2023: same)                silica in the PRC

      Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz        Registered and paid up capital of         Exploration, mining and trading of                20%
        Sand Company Limited                   RMB10,500,000 (2023: same)                silica in the PRC

      Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke          Registered and paid up capital of         Provision of natural gas                          25%
        Natural Gas Investment                 RMB10,000,000 (2023: same)                in the PRC
        Company Limited

      Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company           Registered and paid up capital of         Mining in the PRC                                 50%
        Limited                                RMB50,000,000 (2023: same)

      Jiangsu Lianxun                        Registered capital of                     Provision of technology service                   30%
                                               RMB30,000,000 and paid up capital of      in the PRC
                                               RMB10,000,000 (2023: same)




118   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   The following is a list of the associates as at 31 December 2024: (Continued)

                                                                                      Principal activities and
   Name                                  Particulars of registered share capital      place of operation                      Interest held

   Dannai                                Registered capital of RMB100,000,000         Manufacturing, developing and trading            30%
                                           and paid up capital of RMB30,000,000         of refractory materials in the PRC

   Shuangxin                             Registered capital of RMB450,000,000         Manufacturing and trading of                     30%
                                           and paid up capital of RMB79,400,000         resin in the PRC

   Anxin                                 Registered and paid up capital of            Processing and production of                     35%
                                           IDR22,000,000,000                            silica sand in Indonesia


   Notes:

   (i)      As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
            RMB6,350,418,000 (2023: RMB8,661,044,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was RMB8,159,354,000 (2023:
            RMB8,092,070,000).

   (ii)     As at 31 December 2024, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
            RMB344,709,000 (2023: RMB587,063,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was RMB869,976,000 (2023:
            RMB817,482,000).

            During the year ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, Xinyi Energy remained a subsidiary of Xinyi Solar.

   There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in the associates.




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES
      (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
            method:


            Summarised consolidated balance sheet
                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                              (restated)

            Current
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                         821,606        2,572,275
            Other current assets (excluding cash)                                          16,741,335       15,495,145

            Total current assets                                                           17,562,941       18,067,420
            Current liabilities                                                           (15,343,872)      (15,698,412)
            Non-current
            Assets                                                                         39,369,543       37,004,425
            Liabilities                                                                    (7,180,740)       (4,878,334)

            Net assets                                                                     34,407,872       34,495,099



            Summarised consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                                 2024             2023
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                              (restated)

            Revenue                                                                        21,921,447       24,163,667
            Depreciation and amortisation                                                  (2,025,408)       (1,653,922)
            Interest income                                                                    23,279           31,066
            Interest expense                                                                 (432,107)         (348,697)

            Profit before income tax                                                        1,935,298        5,104,849
            Income tax expense                                                               (526,227)         (797,171)

            Post-tax profit from operations                                                 1,409,071        4,307,678
            Other comprehensive income                                                        242,648           21,741

            Total comprehensive income                                                      1,651,719        4,329,419

            Dividend received from Xinyi Solar                                                484,236          328,674




120   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
         method: (Continued)

         Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Solar presented to the carrying amount of interest in an
         associate:

                                                                                                   2024               2023
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (restated)

         Opening net assets                                                                  34,495,099        31,514,292
         Total comprehensive income for the year                                              1,651,719          4,329,419
         Transactions with owners                                                             (1,738,946)       (1,348,612)

         Closing net assets                                                                  34,407,872        34,495,099
         Less: non-controlling interests                                                      (5,356,082)       (5,357,035)

         Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Solar                            29,051,790        29,138,064

         The Group’s ownership interest                                                          23.68%            23.40%
                                                                                              6,879,464          6,818,307
         Goodwill                                                                             1,257,153          1,251,026
         Intangible assets and other assets and liabilities                                       22,737            22,737

         Carrying amount                                                                      8,159,354          8,092,070




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
            method:


            Summarised consolidated balance sheet
                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                               (restated)

            Current
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                          354,238          587,926
            Other current assets (excluding cash)                                            4,586,881        3,942,644

            Total current assets                                                             4,941,119        4,530,570
            Current liabilities                                                             (3,177,745)       (3,804,118)
            Non-current
            Assets                                                                          16,727,382       14,732,673
            Liabilities                                                                     (5,986,271)       (3,329,506)

            Net assets                                                                      12,504,485       12,129,619



            Summarised consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                               (restated)

            Revenue                                                                          2,440,447        2,280,821
            Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (693,578)         (604,440)
            Interest income                                                                      2,602             6,123
            Interest expense                                                                  (364,775)         (328,388)

            Profit before income tax                                                         1,167,722        1,175,075
            Income tax expense                                                                (376,220)         (275,229)

            Post-tax profit from operations                                                    791,502          899,846
            Other comprehensive loss                                                          (115,884)          (91,335)

            Total comprehensive income                                                         675,618          808,511

            Dividend received from Xinyi Energy                                                 20,529           44,045




122   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
         method: (Continued)


         Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Energy presented to the carrying amount of interest in
         an associate:


                                                                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                 (restated)

         Opening net assets                                                                 12,129,619        10,525,949
         Total comprehensive income for the year                                                675,618           808,511
         Transactions with owners                                                              (300,752)          795,159

         Closing net assets                                                                 12,504,485        12,129,619
         Less: non-controlling interests                                                              —             (9,811)

         Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Energy                          12,504,485        12,119,808

         The Group’s ownership interest                                                          5.54%             5.46%
                                                                                                692,748           661,742
         Goodwill                                                                               177,228           155,740

         Carrying amount                                                                        869,976           817,482



         The information above reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the associates adjusted for
         differences in accounting policies between the Group and the associates, if any.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      INDIVIDUALLY IMMATERIAL ASSOCIATES
      In addition to the interests in the material associates disclosed above, the Group also has interests in nine (2023: five)
      individually immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                        2024                  2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (restated)

      Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates                                174,299            157,155
      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
      Loss from continuing operations                                                                 (57,325)                (871)
      Total comprehensive loss                                                                        (66,072)            (3,665)



14 INVENTORIES

                                                                                                        2024                  2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                       (restated)

      Raw materials                                                                                1,203,674          1,219,563
      Work in progress                                                                               219,068            197,825
      Finished goods                                                                               2,069,463          2,053,548

                                                                                                   3,492,205          3,470,936



      (I)    Assigning costs to inventories
             Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
             method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct
             costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). Costs of purchased inventory are
             determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
             course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


             The Group identified certain inventory items that were subject to impairment due to the impact of typhoon in
             Hainan in September 2024. Specifically, the Group recognised impairment losses of RMB35,871,000 in 2024 (2023:
             nil).


      (II)   Amounts recognised in profit or loss
             The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to approximately
             RMB11,518,398,000 (2023: RMB 12,726,001,000) (Note 22).




124   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (restated)

   Trade receivables (Note (a))                                                                  1,928,573         1,624,450
   Less: provision for loss allowance of trade receivables (Note (b))                              (47,417)          (54,555)

                                                                                                 1,881,156         1,569,895
   Bills receivables (Note (c))                                                                  1,403,428         1,491,275

   Trade and bills receivables - net                                                             3,284,584         3,061,170

   Prepayments, deposits and other receivables (Note (f))                                        4,735,599         4,411,988
   Less: provision for loss allowance of deposits and other receivables (Note (g))                 (70,654)                 —

                                                                                                 4,664,945         4,411,988


                                                                                                 7,949,529         7,473,158
   Less: non-current portion
   Prepayments for property, plant and equipment, land use right
     and intangible assets                                                                      (1,312,026)         (848,801)

   Current portion                                                                               6,637,503         6,624,357




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      The credit period granted by the Group to its customers is generally from 30 to 90 days. At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the
               ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (restated)

               0 - 90 days                                                                                1,535,151          1,320,717
               91 - 180 days                                                                                268,219            186,691
               181 - 365 days                                                                                74,551             53,873
               1 - 2 years                                                                                   30,676             34,892
               Over 2 years                                                                                  19,976             28,277

                                                                                                          1,928,573          1,624,450


               The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on due date was as follows:

                                                                                                               2024               2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                              (restated)

               Current                                                                                    1,659,209          1,416,271
               0 - 90 days                                                                                  200,317            145,121
               91 - 180 days                                                                                 15,184             14,268
               181 - 365 days                                                                                14,139             12,259
               1 - 2 years                                                                                   21,667             24,517
               Over 2 years                                                                                  18,057             12,014

                                                                                                          1,928,573          1,624,450




126   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (a)    (Continued)

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (restated)

         RMB                                                                                                  973,421           740,456
         USD                                                                                                  817,976           785,605
         HK$                                                                                                    5,945              2,748
         Other currencies                                                                                     131,231             95,641

                                                                                                            1,928,573         1,624,450


         (I)   Classification as trade receivables
               Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade
               and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are
               classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

               Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional, when they are
               recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows
               and therefore measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Details about the Group’s
               impairment policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in note 3.1(b).

   (b)   Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of trade receivables was as follows:

                                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (restated)

         At 1 January                                                                                          54,555             55,562
         Currency translation differences                                                                        163                 484
         Increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net                                     9,105              3,784
         Receivables written off during the year                                                              (16,406)             (5,275)

         At 31 December                                                                                        47,417             54,555




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (b)   Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of trade receivables was as follows: (Continued)

            (I)      Impairment and risk exposure
                     The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables has been included in “Net impairment loss on financial assets” in the
                     consolidated income statement. The amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written off when there is no
                     expectation of recovering additional cash.

                     The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure provision for loss allowance which uses a lifetime expected loss
                     allowance for all trade receivables.

                     Information about the impairment of trade receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk and foreign currency risk can
                     be found in note 3.1.

                     The top five customers and the largest customer accounted for approximately 15.9% (2023: 16.6%) and 7.8% (2023: 6.3%)
                     of the trade and bills receivables, net as at 31 December 2024, respectively. Other than these major customers, there is no
                     concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables as the Group has a large number of customers.

      (c)   All bills receivables are issued by licensed banks in the PRC with maturities within 12 months (2023: 12 months), including the
            bills receivables classified as financial assets at FVOCI, which the Group had discounted or endorsed for treasuring management
            purpose.

      (d)   The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

      (e)   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivable mentioned above. The
            Group does not hold any collateral as security.

      (f)   Nature of other receivables is as below:

                                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                                     (restated)

            Prepayments for property, plant and equipment, land use right and intangible assets                  1,312,026            848,801
            Prepayment for inventories                                                                             363,329            696,780
            Prepaid expenses                                                                                       125,910            145,083
            Deposits                                                                                                 7,309                218
            Tax recoverable (Note)                                                                                 890,924            704,240
            Amount due from an associate (Note 32(B))                                                            1,713,028          1,414,396
            Others                                                                                                 323,073            602,470

                                                                                                                 4,735,599          4,411,988


            Note:

            Tax recoverable mainly represents value added tax (“VAT”) recoverable, which is creditable input VAT on purchase of property,
            plant and equipment offset against output VAT on sales of glass product. The balance is denominated in RMB.




128   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (g)      Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of deposits and other receivables was as follows:

                                                                                                                    2024                 2023
                                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                                     (restated)

            At 1 January                                                                                               —                    —
            Increase in provision for loss allowance of deposits and other receivables, net                       70,654                    —

            At 31 December                                                                                        70,654                    —



16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                                    (restated)

   Total cash at bank and on hand                                                                            1,456,115            1,814,614

   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 1,456,115            1,814,614
   Fixed bank deposits
         – Short-term (Note (a))                                                                                100,000              325,000
         – Long-term (Note (a))                                                                                  70,000              850,000


   Pledged bank deposits (Note (b))                                                                              83,137              133,763

   Total cash and bank balances                                                                              1,709,252            3,123,377


   Notes:

   (a)      The Group placed fixed bank deposits with major licensed banks in the PRC, with fixed maturities and fixed interest rates. The
            effective interest rate on fixed bank deposits was 3.4% (2023: 3.7%) per annum. Fixed bank deposits have an average maturity of
            3.0 years (2023: 2.0 years).

   (b)      Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged as collateral principally as security for import duties payable to the US Customs.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances and bank deposits are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (restated)

      RMB                                                                                        1,180,795            2,535,411
      USD                                                                                          359,847             415,534
      MYR                                                                                           34,355              43,982
      HK$                                                                                           52,661              42,275
      Other currencies                                                                              81,594              86,175

                                                                                                 1,709,252            3,123,377


      RMB and MYR are currently not freely convertible currencies in international market. The conversion of RMB and MYR into
      foreign currencies and remittance of RMB out of the PRC and MYR out of Malaysia, respectively, are subject to the rules
      and regulations of the foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government and Malaysian government.

      Cash and cash equivalents include the following for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows:

                                                                                                      2024                2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                                                      (restated)

      Total cash and bank balances                                                               1,709,252            3,123,377
      Less:
        – Long-term fixed bank deposits                                                            (70,000)            (850,000)
        – Short-term fixed bank deposits                                                          (100,000)            (325,000)
        – Pledged bank deposits                                                                    (83,137)            (133,763)

                                                                                                 1,456,115            1,814,614




130   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM

                                                                                  Ordinary
                                                            Number of             shares of            Share
                                            Note                shares        RMB0.1 each           premium              Total
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

   At 1 January 2023 (restated)                         4,109,103,027              385,801         1,101,629         1,487,430

   Issue of shares under an employees
     share option scheme                     (A)           18,226,400                1,606          175,215           176,821
   Scrip Dividend                            (B)           95,216,245                8,815          969,259           978,074

   At 31 December 2023 (restated)                       4,222,545,672              396,222         2,246,103         2,642,325


                                                                                  Ordinary
                                                           Number of             shares of             Share
                                            Note               shares         RMB0.1 each          premium               Total
                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

   At 1 January 2024 (restated)                         4,222,545,672              396,222         2,246,103         2,642,325

   Issue of shares under an employees
     share option scheme                     (A)            1,990,600                  184            17,942            18,126
   Scrip Dividend                            (B)          132,656,647               11,972          784,045           796,017

   At 31 December 2024                                  4,357,192,919              408,378         3,048,090         3,456,468


   (A) SHARE OPTIONS
         In 2005, the Company adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”). Under the Share Option Scheme,
         the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant options to any employee of the Group to subscribe
         for shares of the Company at the highest of (i) the closing price of shares of the Company as stated in the daily
         quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the day of the offer of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of
         the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding
         the day of the offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of shares. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable
         on acceptance of the grant of an option. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all
         outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option
         scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the relevant shares or securities of the Company in
         issue from time to time.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
           Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue
           upon completion of the placing and the capitalisation issue of the shares of the Company, unless the Company
           obtains further approval from the shareholders.

           In March 2020, 32,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons
           of the Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$8.82 per share. Options are
           conditional on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). One third of the options will vest
           on each of the year-end date within the three years after the grant date of the share option. During the year ended
           31 December 2024, in relation to the batch granted in March 2020, 1,990,600 (2023: 2,638,300) options were
           exercised, nil (2023: 1,538,366) options were forfeited and 23,630,900 (2023: nil) options were expired.

           In March 2021, 34,700,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$23.35 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). One third of the options will vest on each
           of the year-end date within the three years after the grant date of the share option. During the year ended 31
           December 2024, in relation to the batch granted in March 2021, a total of 1,099,854 (2023: 1,509,512) options
           were forfeited.

           In March 2022, 35,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$21.80 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). One third of the options will vest on each
           of the year-end date within the three years after the grant date of the share option. During the year ended 31
           December 2024, in relation to the batch granted in March 2022, a total of 1,123,468 (2023: 1,196,172) options
           were forfeited.

           In March 2023, 35,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$15.52 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). One third of the options will vest on each
           of the year-end date within the three years after the grant date of the share option. During the year ended 31
           December 2024, in relation to the batch granted in March 2023, a total of 1,117,505 (2023: 2,946,500) options
           were forfeited.




132   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
       In March 2024, 37,500,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
       Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$8.04 per share. Options are conditional
       on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). One third of the options will vest on each
       of the year-end date within the three years after the grant date of the share option. During the year ended 31
       December 2024, in relation to the batch granted in March 2024, a total of 3,510,000 options were forfeited.

       Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as
       follows:

                                                                 2024                                  2023
                                                         Average                                Average
                                                          exercise                              exercise
                                                     price in HK$             Options       price in HK$          Options
                                                        per share         (thousands)          per share       (thousands)

       At 1 January                                          17.64            117,391             16.88           107,842
       Granted                                                8.04             37,500             15.52            35,000
       Exercised                                              8.82             (1,991)             9.43           (18,226)
       Forfeited                                             13.98             (6,851)            16.78            (7,191)
       Expired                                                8.82            (23,630)             9.53                  (34)

       At 31 December                                        16.75            122,419             17.64           117,391


       Out of the 122,419,000 (2023: 117,391,000) outstanding options, 28,071,000 (2023: 25,621,000) options were
       exercisable as at 31 December 2024. Options exercised in 2024 resulted in 1,991,000 shares (2023: 18,226,000
       shares) being issued at a weighted average price at the time of exercise of HK$8.82 each (2023: HK$9.43 each). The
       weighted average market price at the time of exercise is HK$9.24 each (2023: HK$14.69 each).

       Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                              Exercise
                                                                         price in HK$
                                                                            per share          Options (thousands)
                                                                                                   2024              2023

       Expiry date
       31 March 2024                                                              8.82                —            25,621
       31 March 2025                                                            23.35            28,071            29,171
       31 March 2026                                                            21.80            29,422            30,546
       31 March 2027                                                            15.52            30,936            32,053
       31 March 2028                                                              8.04           33,990                  —

                                                                                                122,419           117,391


                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
           model, which was performed by an independent valuer, Greater China Appraisal Limited, was approximately
           HK$1.85 (2023: HK$4.13) per option. The significant inputs into the model were weighted average share price of
           HK$8.04 (2023: HK$15.52) at the grant date, the exercise price shown above, volatility of 47.55% (2023: 45.12%),
           dividend yield of 7.84% (2023: 4.13%), an expected option life of 3.6 years (2023: 3.6 years), and an annual
           risk-free interest rate of 3.65% (2023: 3.96%) per annum. The volatility measured at the standard deviation of
           continuously compounded share returns is based on statistical analysis of daily share prices over the last year.

           Based on the above, the fair value of the above options granted during the year determined using the Black-
           Scholes valuation model was approximately RMB64,001,000 (2023: RMB130,852,000). The attributable amounts
           charged to the consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2024 was RMB81,129,000 (2023:
           RMB92,962,000) (Note 23).


      (B) SCRIP DIVIDEND
           On 5 July 2023, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 22.0 HK cents per share for the year ended
           31 December 2022. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the final dividend in form of scrip
           dividend. On 4 August 2023, 37,173,254 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$11.58 per share to shareholders
           who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

           On 9 August 2023, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 26.0 HK cents per share for the six
           months ended 30 June 2023. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the interim dividend in form
           of scrip dividend. On 10 October 2023, 58,042,991 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$10.79 per share to
           shareholders who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

           On 5 July 2024, the board of directors declared a final dividend of 37.0 HK cents per share for the year ended
           31 December 2023. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the final dividend in form of scrip
           dividend. On 7 August 2024, 517,412 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$8.84 per share to shareholders
           who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

           On 11 September 2024, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 31.0 HK cents per share for the six
           months ended 30 June 2024. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the interim dividend in form
           of scrip dividend. On 16 October 2024, 132,139,235 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$6.64 per share to
           shareholders who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.




134   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
18 RESERVES
                                                                                                               Other reserves
                                                                          Foreign
                                             Statutory    Enterprise     currency                    Share        Property       Capital
                                               reserve    expansion translation         Capital     option revaluation redemption             FVOCI                   Retained
                                                 fund          fund        reserve      reserve     reserve        reserve       reserve    reserve     Sub-total     earnings        Total
                                             RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
                                             (Note (a))    (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                           (Note (c))

   At 1 January 2024 (restated)              3,507,831       39,837     (1,163,283)    354,163     198,055          54,034       22,397     (33,905)    2,979,129 26,968,445 29,947,574
   Profit for the year                              —             —             —            —           —              —            —            —            —     3,369,173    3,369,173
   Currency translation differences                 —             —       (58,027)           —           —              —            —            —      (58,027)           —       (58,027)
   Share of other comprehensive income of
     investments accounted for using
     the equity method (Note 13)                    —             —        57,668            —           —              —            —            —       57,668            —        57,668
   Revaluation gains on investment
     properties transferred from property,
     plant and equipment and right-of-use
     assets, net of tax                             —             —             —            —           —         104,713           —            —      104,713            —       104,713
   Employees share option scheme:
     – proceeds from shares issued                  —             —             —            —       (1,946)            —            —            —        (1,946)          —        (1,946)
     – value of employee services
         (Note 17(A))                               —             —             —            —      81,129              —            —            —       81,129            —        81,129
     – adjustment relating to expired
         share options                              —             —             —            —      (23,100)            —            —            —      (23,100)       23,100           —
   Transfer to reserves                       116,464             —             —            —           —              —            —            —      116,464      (116,464)          —
   Dividends relating to 2023                       —             —             —            —           —              —            —            —            —     (1,446,942) (1,446,942)
   Dividends relating to 2024                       —             —             —            —           —              —            —            —            —     (1,225,025) (1,225,025)

   At 31 December 2024                       3,624,295       39,837     (1,163,642)    354,163     254,138         158,747       22,397     (33,905)    3,256,030 27,572,287 30,828,317




                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                               135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18 RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                    Other reserves
                                                                                Foreign
                                                    Statutory   Enterprise     currency                    Share       Property         Capital
                                                      reserve   expansion    translation     Capital      option     revaluation     redemption      FVOCI                  Retained
                                                        fund         fund       reserve      reserve     reserve         reserve        reserve     reserve    Sub-total    earnings        Total
                                                    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                   (Note (a))   (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                             (Note (c))

      At 1 January 2023 (restated)                 3,037,313      39,837      (835,880)     354,163     129,281         29,538          22,397       (9,056)   2,767,593 24,358,203 27,125,796
      Profit for the year                                 —            —             —            —           —              —              —            —           —     4,883,103    4,883,103
      Change in fair value of financial assets
        at FVOCI (Note 11)                                —            —             —            —           —              —              —      (24,849)     (24,849)          —       (24,849)
      Dilution gains of interest in an associate          —            —         3,554            —           —              —              —            —        3,554           —        3,554
      Currency translation differences                    —            —      (217,866)           —           —              —              —            —     (217,866)          —      (217,866)
      Share of other comprehensive loss of
        investments accounted for using
        the equity method (Note 13)                       —            —      (113,091)           —           —              —              —            —     (113,091)          —      (113,091)
      Revaluation gains on investment
        properties transferred from property,
        plant and equipment and right-of-use
        assets, net of tax                                —            —             —            —           —         24,496              —            —       24,496           —       24,496
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                     —            —             —            —      (24,136)            —              —            —      (24,136)          —       (24,136)
        – value of employee services
            (Note 17(A))                                  —            —             —            —      92,962              —              —            —       92,962           —       92,962
        – adjustment relating to expired
             share options                                —            —             —            —          (52)            —              —            —          (52)         52            —
      Transfer to reserves                          470,518            —             —            —           —              —              —            —      470,518     (470,518)          —
      Dividends relating to 2022                          —            —             —            —           —              —              —            —           —      (821,991)    (821,991)
      Dividends relating to 2023                          —            —             —            —           —              —              —            —           —      (980,404)    (980,404)

      At 31 December 2023 (restated)               3,507,831      39,837     (1,163,283)    354,163     198,055         54,034          22,397     (33,905)    2,979,129 26,968,445 29,947,574




136   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
18 RESERVES (Continued)
    Notes:

    (a)      The statutory reserve fund and enterprise expansion fund are provided for in accordance with laws in the PRC and regulations by
             certain subsidiaries which are the wholly owned foreign enterprises incorporated in the PRC. These funds are appropriated from net
             profit as recorded in the PRC statutory accounts of the respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserve fund can only be used, upon
             approval by the relevant authority, to make good of previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of these group companies. The
             enterprise expansion fund can only be used to increase capital of the Group companies or to expand their production operations
             upon approval by the relevant authority.

             During the year ended 31 December 2024, the boards of directors of the subsidiaries resolved to appropriate approximately
             RMB116,464,000 (2023: RMB470,518,000) from retained earnings to statutory reserve fund. No enterprise expansion fund was
             appropriated during the years ended 31 December 2024 and 2023.

    (b)      The opening balance of capital reserve of the Group comprises the followings 1) the difference between the nominal value of the
             share capital of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to a reorganisation occurred in 2004 and the nominal value of the share capital
             of the Company issued in exchange thereof, and 2) the share of gain in Xinyi Solar resulting from the spin-off and initial public
             offering of Xinyi Energy in 2019.

    (c)      Financial assets at FVOCI

             The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive
             income. These changes are accumulated under the FVOCI reserve within equity. For equity securities elected to present changes
             in FVOCI, the Group will never transfer amounts from this reserve to retained earnings when the relevant equity securities are
             derecognised.


19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                                   (restated)

    Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                                1,781,649            1,423,331
    Bills payable (Note (b))                                                                                     19,000             423,442

                                                                                                             1,800,649            1,846,773
    Other payables (Note (c))                                                                                2,460,663            2,171,445
    Contract liabilities (Note (d))                                                                             504,109             559,551
    Less: non-current portion
    Other payables                                                                                             (112,231)            (130,099)

    Current portion                                                                                          4,653,190            4,447,670


    Trade payables are unsecured and are usually paid within 30-90 days of recognition.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)

      Notes:

      (a)   At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                               (restated)

            0 - 90 days                                                                                       1,666,892       1,262,757
            91-180 days                                                                                         51,475              42,580
            181-365 days                                                                                        19,988              47,589
            1-2 years                                                                                           21,104              22,602
            Over 2 years                                                                                        22,190              47,803

                                                                                                              1,781,649       1,423,331


            The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                               (restated)

            RMB                                                                                               1,630,371       1,259,127
            MYR                                                                                                 74,001          117,501
            USD                                                                                                 65,075              30,579
            Indonesia Rupiah (“IRD”)                                                                             4,371              14,824
            Other currencies                                                                                     7,831               1,300

                                                                                                              1,781,649       1,423,331


      (b)   Bills payable have maturities ranging within 12 months (2023: 12 months).


      (c)   Nature of other payables is as follows:

                                                                                                                  2024               2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                               (restated)

            Payables for investment properties                                                                  16,325              18,526
            Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                        1,216,940         286,116
            Payables for employee benefits and welfare                                                         486,399          469,516
            Payables for value-added tax                                                                       246,365          289,245
            Payables for utilities                                                                              75,855              39,983
            Payables for transportation charges                                                                103,613          571,582
            Payables for commission                                                                             58,387              54,813
            Others                                                                                             256,779          441,664

                                                                                                              2,460,663       2,171,445




138   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
   (d)      The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually received
            in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from sales of glass products.

            The following table shows the amount of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to contract liabilities
            balance at the beginning of the year.

                                                                                                                  2024              2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                                                                                (restated)

            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
              at the beginning of the year                                                                      559,551          559,060



20 BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                                  2024             2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                               (restated)

   Non-current
         Long-term bank borrowings                                                                         3,262,088          4,681,712
         Less: Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                               (1,379,869)        (2,020,020)

                                                                                                           1,882,219          2,661,692

   Shown as non-current liabilities                                                                        1,882,219          2,661,692

   Current
         Short-term bank borrowings                                                                        4,051,000          2,768,916
         Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                                      1,379,869          2,020,020

   Shown as current liabilities                                                                            5,430,869          4,788,936


   Total bank borrowings                                                                                   7,313,088          7,450,628




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


20 BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)

      At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the Group’s bank borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)

      Within 1 year                                                                                5,430,869       4,788,936
      Between 1 and 2 years                                                                        1,587,869       2,217,248
      Between 2 and 5 years                                                                          257,150        444,444
      Over 5 years                                                                                     37,200             —

                                                                                                   7,313,088       7,450,628


      These bank borrowings are repayable by installments up to 2031 (2023: 2026) and the carrying amounts of bank
      borrowings approximate their fair values as at 31 December 2024 and 2023. The fair values are categorised within level 2
      of the fair value hierarchy.

      The Group is required to comply with the related financial bank covenants for the next financial year and the Group
      complied with the financial bank covenants of its bank loans during both periods presented. There is no any indication
      that the Group has any difficulty to comply with the financial bank covenants for the next financial year.

      At 31 December 2024 and 2023, the carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                                                                                         2024          2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)

      RMB                                                                                          7,033,487       4,062,207
      HKD                                                                                            279,601       2,910,276
      USD                                                                                                   —       478,145

                                                                                                   7,313,088       7,450,628


      The effective interest rate is as follows:

                                                                                                         2024          2023

      Bank borrowings                                                                                  3.30%          4.92%


      The bank borrowings were guaranteed by corporate guarantee provided by the Company and cross guarantees provided
      by certain subsidiaries of the Group.




140   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX

   The analysis of deferred income tax is as follows:


   DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS:
                                                                                                   2024            2023
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                               (restated)

   Deferred income tax assets                                                                     5,152           4,025


   The gross movements on the deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                           Government
                                                                                         grants relating
                                                                                         to purchase of
                                                                           Tax losses    land use rights           Total
                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000        RMB’000

   At 1 January 2023 (restated)                                                   —                  —                  —
   Currency translation differences                                                (2)               —                  (2)
   Credited to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                       245              3,782           4,027

   At 31 December 2023 (restated)                                                243              3,782           4,025
   Currency translation differences                                              (37)                —                 (37)
   (Charged)/credited to the consolidated
     income statement (Note 27)                                                 (206)             1,370           1,164

   At 31 December 2024                                                            —               5,152           5,152


   The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets of approximately RMB182,069,000 (2023: RMB69,579,000) in
   respect of losses amounting to approximately RMB774,588,000 (2023: RMB283,962,000) that can be carried forward
   against future taxable income.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

      DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS: (Continued)
      The time frame of tax losses expiration is as follows:

                                                                                      2024       2023
                                                                                   RMB’000   RMB’000
                                                                                             (restated)

      Expiring in 2024                                                                  —      52,520
      Expiring in 2025                                                              53,117     55,226
      Expiring in 2026                                                              48,363     48,363
      Expiring in 2027                                                              51,642     55,209
      Expiring in 2028                                                              50,605     61,278
      Expiring in 2029                                                             554,889          —
      No expire date                                                                15,972     11,366

                                                                                   774,588   283,962



      DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES:
                                                                                      2024       2023
                                                                                   RMB’000   RMB’000
                                                                                             (restated)

      Deferred income tax liabilities                                              579,096   476,678


      The gross movements on the deferred income tax liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                      2024       2023
                                                                                   RMB’000   RMB’000
                                                                                             (restated)

      Beginning of the year                                                        476,678   418,883
      Currency translation differences                                               7,861      (1,885)
      Charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                        59,652     51,514
      Charged to other comprehensive income                                         34,905      8,166

      End of the year                                                              579,096   476,678




142   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

   DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES: (Continued)
                                                      Accelerated                         Undistributed
                                                               tax                Fair        profits of
                                                     depreciation         value gains       subsidiaries            Total
                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

   At 1 January 2023 (restated)                            40,436             214,265           164,182           418,883
   Charged/(credited) to the consolidated income
     statement (Note 27)                                   58,803               (7,289)               —            51,514
   Charged to other comprehensive income                        —               8,166                 —             8,166
   Currency translation differences                         (1,885)                 —                 —            (1,885)

   At 31 December 2023 (restated)                          97,354             215,142           164,182           476,678
   Charged/(credited) to the consolidated income
     statement (Note 27)                                   77,303             (17,651)                —            59,652
   Charged to other comprehensive income                        —              34,905                 —            34,905
   Currency translation differences                          7,861                  —                 —             7,861

   At 31 December 2024                                    182,518             232,396           164,182           579,096


   As at 31 December 2024, investment properties located in the PRC amounted to RMB1,722,596,000 (2023:
   RMB1,347,385,000) are held by certain subsidiaries with a business model to consume substantially all of the economic
   benefits embodied in the investment properties over time, rather than through sale. The investment property located in
   Hong Kong amounted to RMB47,035,000 (2023: RMB56,768,000) are held by certain subsidiaries and expected to be
   recovered entirely through sale. The Group has measured the deferred tax relating to the temporary differences of these
   investment properties using the tax rates and the tax bases that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of
   these investment properties (Note 7).

   Deferred income tax liabilities of approximately RMB1,478,713,000 (2023: RMB1,446,459,000) have not been recognised
   for withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries in the
   PRC. Such temporary differences are not expected to be reversed in the foreseeable future. At 31 December 2024, total
   unremitted earnings for which deferred withholding tax liability has not been recognised amounted to approximately
   RMB29,574,267,000 (2023: RMB28,929,193,000).




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


22 EXPENSES BY NATURE

      Expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses are
      analysed as follows:

                                                                                                              2024            2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (restated)

      Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                                               1,317,855       1,249,229
      Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 6)                                                  129,189        117,296
      Amortisation charge of intangible assets (Note 8)                                                       2,968          3,225
      Employee benefit expenses (Note 23)                                                                2,210,505       2,076,154
      Cost of inventories (Note 14)                                                                    11,518,398       12,726,001
      Transportation costs                                                                                 637,117        662,260
      Advertising costs                                                                                       8,184          7,219
      Auditor’s remuneration
        – Audit services                                                                                      2,991          3,291
        – Non-statutory audit services                                                                        1,269          1,583
      Research and development expenses                                                                    520,643        657,725
      Losses on impairment and disposal of property, plant and equipment                                   502,097               —
      Other expenses (Note)                                                                              2,042,376       2,209,575

      Total cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and
        other operating expenses                                                                       18,893,592       19,713,558


      Note:

      Other expenses mainly comprise custom duty expenses, other tax charges, insurance expenses and sundry expenses.




144   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
23 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (restated)

   Wages and salaries                                                                          1,919,529         1,820,048
   Share options granted to employees (Note 17(A))                                                81,129            92,962
   Pension costs - defined contribution plans                                                    209,847           163,144

                                                                                               2,210,505         2,076,154



   (A) FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
        The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include four (2023: four) directors
        whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 34. The emoluments payable to the remaining one
        individual (2023: one individual) during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (restated)

        Basic salaries and allowances                                                              1,411             1,429
        Discretionary and performance bonus                                                        4,746             4,812
        Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                    21                  20
        Share options granted                                                                        682                  600

                                                                                                   6,860             6,861




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


24 OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                                        (restated)

      Rental income (Note 7)                                                                                          118,558             66,831
      Government grants (Note (a))                                                                                    329,897           318,274
      Insurance compensation income (Note (b))                                                                          16,615             6,291
      Income from sale of electricity (Note (c))                                                                      109,645             93,805
      Income from sale of automatic machines (Note (d))                                                                 55,362            54,022
      Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note (e))                                                             —            2,167
      Shipping service income                                                                                           24,487                 —
      Others                                                                                                            67,183            64,330

                                                                                                                      721,747           605,720


      Notes:

      (a)      Government grants mainly represent grants obtained from the PRC government in relation to the refund of value-added tax,
               income tax, land use tax and other operating costs of certain PRC subsidiaries.

               Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period necessary
               to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

               Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as deferred
               income and they are credited to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.

      (b)      It includes the impairment losses of inventory caused by typhoon, as mentioned in Note 14(I) and the corresponding insurance
               compensation income received of RMB50,000,000.

      (c)      It represents income from sale of electricity generated from its wind power and solar power plants.

      (d)      It represents the net income from sale of automatic machines for solar glass factory and other related industry and the related cost
               of sales.

      (e)      It represents the realised income arising from certain financial products (“Financial Products”), which were issued by reputable
               commercial banks in the PRC that were not principal guaranteed nor with pre-determined or guaranteed return. As at 31
               December 2024, the Group had RMB107,000 (2023: RMB16,307,000) Financial Products not redeemed or matured. The Group
               had totally recovered the principal and received the expected returns for those Financial Products that were redeemed or matured
               during the year.




146   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
25 OTHER GAINS/(LOSSES) - NET

                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (restated)

   Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 30(b))                                (33,417)          (74,851)
   Impairment losses of right-of-use assets                                                        (42,787)                  —
   Unrealised fair value (losses)/gains on financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                        (492)           11,307
   Fair value losses on investment properties, net (Note 7)                                        (82,970)          (29,475)
   Other foreign exchange gains, net                                                               272,907            57,299
   Losses on dilution of investments in an associate (Note 13)                                           —             (5,228)
   Others                                                                                              294                  516

                                                                                                   113,535           (40,432)



26 FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS

                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (restated)

   Finance income:
   Interest income on bank deposits                                                                 46,686           177,634

                                                                                                    46,686           177,634

   Finance costs:
   Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                              779             1,296
   Interest expense on bank borrowings                                                             268,784           549,661
   Less: interest expense capitalised on qualifying assets (Note 6)                                (88,537)          (94,596)

                                                                                                   181,026           456,361




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                                       2024                 2023
                                                                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                                       (restated)

      Current income tax
            – Hong Kong profits tax (Note (a))                                                                       83,318               67,658
            – PRC corporate income tax (Note (b))                                                                  562,853              671,509
            – Overseas income tax (Note (c))                                                                          2,298                1,508
            – Over provision in prior years                                                                         (30,864)             (51,229)
            – Withholding tax on remitted earnings (Note (d))                                                      200,026              142,733

                                                                                                                   817,631              832,179
      Deferred income tax (Note 21)
            – Increase in deferred income tax assets                                                                 (1,164)              (4,027)
            – Increase in deferred income tax liabilities                                                            59,652               51,514

                                                                                                                     58,488               47,487

                                                                                                                   876,119              879,666


      Notes:

      (a)      Hong Kong profits tax

               Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2023: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year.

      (b)      PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)

               CIT is provided on the estimated taxable profits of the subsidiaries established in the PRC for the year, calculated in accordance
               with the relevant tax rules and regulations.

               The applicable CIT rates in the PRC is 25% (2023: 25%). Sixteen (2023: Sixteen) major subsidiaries located in Chongqing, Deyang,
               Dongguan, Guangxi, Jiangmen, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Wuhu, Yingkou and Zhangjiagang enjoy high-tech enterprise income tax benefit
               and are entitled to a preferential tax treatment of reduction in the CIT rate to 15% (2023: 15%).

      (c)      Overseas income tax

               Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing
               in the countries in which the Group operates. Oversea income tax mainly represents Malaysia income tax which has been calculated
               on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the standard Malaysia corporate income tax rate of 24% (2023: 24%).

      (d)      Withholding tax on remitted earnings

               Withholding tax on remitted earnings from the PRC companies is 5%.




148   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)

   The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted
   average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:

                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                    (restated)

   Profit before income tax                                                                      4,248,029         5,775,149
   Associates’ results reported                                                                   (196,869)         (912,257)

                                                                                                 4,051,160         4,862,892

   Calculated at weighted average tax rate of 24.3% (2023: 25.5%)                                  982,417         1,238,016
   Preferential tax rates on income of certain PRC and overseas subsidiaries                      (338,498)         (490,799)
   Over provision in prior years                                                                   (30,864)          (51,229)
   Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                                137,086            12,382
   Income not subject to tax                                                                      (103,765)            (4,504)
   Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                         29,717            33,067
   Tax effect of withholding tax on the distributable profits
     of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries                                                               200,026           142,733

   Income tax expense                                                                              876,119           879,666



28 EARNINGS PER SHARE

   BASIC:
   Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted
   average number of ordinary shares in issue after taking into account the effect of the issuance of new shares and share
   repurchased and cancellation stated in Note 17(A), (B) during 2024 and 2023.

                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                                    (restated)

   Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                                3,369,173         4,883,103

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                               4,252,139         4,152,115

   Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                                              79.23            117.60




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


28 EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)

      DILUTED:
      Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
      assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The dilutive potential ordinary shares of the Company are share
      options. The calculation for share options is determined by the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair
      value (determined as the average annual market share price of the Company’s shares) based on the monetary value of the
      subscription rights attached to the outstanding share options. The number of shares calculated as above is compared with
      the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options.

                                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                                                       (restated)

      Earnings
      Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                               3,369,173         4,883,103
      Share of profit of an associate as a result of
        diluted earnings at associate level (RMB’000)                                                      —                (195)

      Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share (RMB’000)                                3,369,173         4,882,908

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,252,139         4,152,115
      Adjustments for:
      Share options (thousands)                                                                            —              8,188

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares
        for diluted earnings per share (thousands)                                                 4,252,139         4,160,303

      Diluted earnings per share (RMB cents)                                                           79.23             117.36




150   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
29 DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                                  (restated)

   Interim dividend of HK$0.31 (2023: HK$0.26) per share (Note (a))                                         1,225,025              980,404
   Proposed final dividend of HK$0.10 (2023: final dividend of HK$0.37)
         per share (Note (b))                                                                                  409,881           1,446,942

                                                                                                            1,634,906            2,427,346


   Notes:

   (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2024, an interim dividend of HK$0.31 per share (2023: HK$0.26 per share) was partially paid
            in cash and partially settled by the issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend for 2024 interim dividend whose names appeared
            on the Register of Members of the Company on 19 August 2024 (2023: 17 August 2023). Shares issued during the year on the
            shareholders’ election to receive shares are set out in Note 17.

   (b)      A final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2024 of HK$0.10 per share (2023: HK$0.37 per share),
            amounting to a total dividend of RMB409,881,000 (2023: RMB1,446,942,000), is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual
            General Meeting. The amount of 2024 proposed final dividend is based on 4,357,192,919 shares in issue as at 31 January 2025
            (2023: 4,224,536,272 shares in issue as of 4 June 2024). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this proposed
            dividend payable.




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

      (a)   Reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                    Note         2024          2023
                                                                                             RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                                                           (restated)

            Profit before income tax                                                         4,248,029    5,775,149
            Adjustments for:
              – Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                 22      1,317,855    1,249,229
              – Losses on impairment and disposal of property, plant
                   and equipment                                                    22, 25    535,514        74,851
              – Impairment losses of right-of-use assets                             25        42,787             —
              – Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                           22       129,189       117,296
              – Fair value losses on investment properties - net                     25        82,970        29,475
              – Amortisation charge of intangible assets                             22          2,968        3,225
              – Share of profits of associates                                       13       (196,869)    (912,257)
              – Losses on dilution of investments in an associate                    25             —         5,228
              – Interest income                                                      26        (46,686)    (177,634)
              – Interest expense                                                     26       181,026       456,361
              – Share options granted to employees                                   23        81,129        92,962
              – Unrealised fair value losses/(gains) on financial assets at FVTPL    25           492        (11,307)
              – Realised income from financial products at FVTPL                     24             —         (2,167)
              – Net impairment losses on financial assets                            15        79,759         3,784
            Changes in working capital:
              – Inventories                                                                   130,445       487,079
              – Trade and other receivables                                                    83,869     (1,242,580)
              – Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                 14,412      (417,840)

            Cash generated from operations                                                   6,686,889    5,530,854




152   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

   (b)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment comprise:

                                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (restated)

         Net book amount of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                               622,860           214,552
         Losses on impairment and disposal of property, plant and equipment                     (535,514)           (74,851)

         Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  87,346           139,701


   (c)   Net debt reconciliation:

         This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                                                                                                    2024                2023
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                                                                  (restated)

         Cash and cash equivalents (Note 16)                                                   1,456,115         1,814,614
         Bank borrowings - repayable within one year (Note 20)                                (5,430,869)        (4,788,936)
         Bank borrowings - repayable after one year (Note 20)                                 (1,882,219)        (2,661,692)
         Lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                                (9,079)          (16,229)

         Net debt                                                                             (5,866,052)        (5,652,243)

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                             1,456,115         1,814,614
         Gross debt - variable interest rates                                                 (7,313,088)        (7,450,628)
         Gross debt - fixed interest rates                                                         (9,079)          (16,229)

         Net debt                                                                             (5,866,052)        (5,652,243)




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

      (c)   Net debt reconciliation: (Continued)

            This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                                                                      Bank             Bank
                                                                 and other        and other
                                                       Cash     borrowings      borrowings
                                                   and cash     due within         due after            Lease
                                              equivalents            1 year           1 year        liabilities            Total
                                                   RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

            Net debt as at 31 December
              2022 (restated)                      2,845,921     (5,185,441)      (6,909,741)         (18,863)      (9,268,124)
            Unwinding of interest
              on lease liabilities                        —              —                —            (1,296)             (1,296)
            Cash flows                          (1,049,524)        510,705        4,403,573            22,294       3,887,048
            Foreign exchange adjustments             18,217        (114,200)        (155,524)         (18,364)        (269,871)

            Net debt as at 31 December
              2023 (restated)                      1,814,614     (4,788,936)      (2,661,692)         (16,229)      (5,652,243)

            Net debt as at 31 December
              2023 (restated)                      1,814,614     (4,788,936)      (2,661,692)         (16,229)      (5,652,243)
            Unwinding of interest
              on lease liabilities                        —              —                —              (779)              (779)
            Cash flows                              (372,607)      (617,189)        779,473             7,590         (202,733)
            Foreign exchange adjustments             14,108         (24,744)              —               339          (10,297)

            Net debt as at 31 December
              2024                                 1,456,115     (5,430,869)      (1,882,219)          (9,079)      (5,866,052)




154   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
31 COMMITMENTS

   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
   Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognised as liabilities is as
   follows:

                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)

   Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use
     assets contracted but not provided for                                                     1,173,955         1,419,462



   OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
   Investment properties are leased to tenants under long-term operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Minimum lease
   payments receivable under non-cancellable operating lease of investment properties not recognised in the consolidated
   financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                   (restated)

   Not later than 1 year                                                                           78,113            55,507
   Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                   243,685           127,947
   Later than 5 years                                                                             182,228            95,274

                                                                                                  504,026           278,728



32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   As at 31 December 2024, the Group was controlled by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk
   TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI
   Ching Leung which in aggregate owns 2,845,060,997 (2023: 2,741,106,831) of the Company’s shares.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      The following transactions were carried out with related parties:


      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                          Note          2024       2023
                                                                                     RMB’000   RMB’000
                                                                                               (restated)

            Purchase of goods from associates                                i
              – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas
                  Investment Company Limited                                         311,265   308,612
              – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company Limited                        xi        50,133     16,449
              – Jiangsu Lianxun Technology Company Ltd.                                  394          —

            Sales of goods to an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                  ii        5,417      5,399

            Sales of consumable goods to an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                               ii, vii      1,939        244

            Sales of goods to related parties
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                  ii        9,263      9,704
              – Entities controlled by a controlling party                ii, vii          1           1

            Sales of machineries to an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                 iii      199,371   213,919

            Sales of fixed assets to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                               iii, vii        —       1,333
              – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas
                  Investment Company Limited                                iii       13,084          —

            Rental income received from an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                               v, vii      28,683     17,540
              – Jiangsu Lianxun Technology Company Ltd.                      v           810          —

            Rental expenses paid to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                               v, vii       6,369      3,646




156   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                              Note                2024              2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                                                (restated)

       Purchase of silica sand from an associate
         – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                            i             51,668            68,630

       Rental income received from a related party
         – An entity controlled by a controlling party                         v, vii              674                  496

       Wind farm management fees paid to related parties
         – An entity controlled by a controlling party                           vi              9,434             8,254

       Sales and processing income of silica sands and raw materials
         from an associate
         – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                           ii                  —             6,745

       Purchase and processing charge of silica sands to an associate
         – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                         i, vii            1,624                   —

       Purchase of electric storage products from a related party
         – An entity controlled by a controlling party                           ix             20,625             4,975

       Purchase of consumables from an associate
         – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                         vii, x            8,976                  531

       Engineering, procurement and construction
         service fees paid to an associate
         – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                        vii, viii              —             3,707

       Sales of wooden packaging products to an associate
         – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                         ii, vii               —             1,898

       Provision of shipping services to an associate
         – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          xii             23,782                   —




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                              Note                  2024                2023
                                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                                                                    (restated)

           Purchase of green electricity certificate
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                               vii, x                  138                  —

           Rental expenses paid to a related party
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               v, vii                2,514                 726

           Purchase of automobile glass from an entity controlled
                  by a controlling party
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii, ix                 646                 149

           Purchase of electricity from a related party
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii, ix               2,510                  —

           Purchase of fixed assets from an associate
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                i, vii                    5                 —
                  – Jiangsu Dannai New Material Company Limited                                  i                11,062                   —

           Purchase of consumable and fixed assets from an entity controlled
                  by a controlling party
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii, ix                 713                 248


           Notes:

           (i)       The purchases of goods and fixed assets from associates were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (ii)      The sales of goods to associates and related parties were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (iii)     The sales of machineries and fixed assets to an associate was charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms.

           (iv)      Consultancy income received from an associate was charged at mutually agreed fee.

           (v)       The leases of premises were charged at mutually agreed rental.

           (vi)      Wind farm management fees were charged at mutually agreed fees.

           (vii)     The transactions were de minimis transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business and under normal commercial
                     terms.

           (viii)    Processing fees, engineering, procurement and construction service fees were charged at mutually agreed prices.

           (ix)      The purchase of machinery parts, electric storage products, automobile glass, electricity and fixed assets were charged at
                     mutually agreed prices and terms.




158   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
       Notes: (Continued)

       (x)       The purchase of consumables and green electricity certificate was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.


       (xi)      The purchase was under a long-term supply contract under which the Group has an option to purchase pre-determined
                 quantity of goods from the associate annually. The long-term contract has a period of 20 years. The purchase prices under
                 the contract were fixed for the first 5 years and will be adjusted upward or downward by a predetermined percentage
                 according to the market trend for the remaining 15 years.


       (xii)     The shipping services was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.


   (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                                                2024                  2023
                                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                                                                  (restated)

       Prepayment to an associate (Note (i))
             – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                                           20,000                24,000
       Receivable from an associate arising from sales of machineries and
             land parcel (Note (ii))
             – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                                  127,130                 57,420
       Receivable from related parties arising from sales of goods (Note (i))
             – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                     1,718                 1,642
       Advance to an associate (Note (iii))
             –Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                                 1,713,028           1,414,396
       Advance from a related party (Note (i))
             – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                         —                     (1)
       Payable to a related party arising from purchase of goods and processing fee
             and management fee (Note (i))
             – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                    23,833                14,569




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                            2024        2023
                                                                                         RMB’000    RMB’000
                                                                                                    (restated)

           Payable to an associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                  757           —
           Payable to an associate arising from purchase of silica sands (Note (i))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                   —        8,984
           Payable to associate arising from provision of EPC service (Note (i))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                  137         766
           Prepayment to an associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
              – Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited                                      1,381       1,254
              – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas Investment Company Limited      11,966           —
           Prepayment to an associate arising from purchase of fixed assets (Note (i))
              – Jiangsu Lianxun Technology Company Ltd.                                   23,084           —
              – Jiangsu Dannai New Material Company Limited                               22,125           —
           Payable to an associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
              – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company Ltd.                                          5,829           —
           Prepayment to related parties arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                   (1)          (1)
           Receivable from an associate arising
              from provision of shipping service (Note (iv))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                2,006           —
           Receivable from an associate arising from sales of goods (Note (i))
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                  782           —
           Loans to an associate (Note 13)
              – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company Ltd.                                             —       25,000




160   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
       Note:


       (i)     As at 31 December 2024, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
               approximate their fair values and are denominated in RMB.


       (ii)    As at 31 December 2024, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
               approximate their fair values. RMB124,135,000 are denominated in RMB and RMB2,995,000 are denominated in MYR.


       (iii)   As at 31 December 2024, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
               approximate their fair values. RMB1,150,655,000 are denominated in RMB and RMB562,373,000 are denominated in HKD.


       (iv)    As at 31 December 2024, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
               approximate their fair values and are denominated in USD.

   (C) KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COMPENSATION
                                                                                                          2024                2023
                                                                                                      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                                                                          (restated)

       Basic salaries and allowances                                                                    17,742              16,948
       Discretionary and performance bonus                                                              62,475              88,754
       Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                           104                 250
       Share options granted                                                                              4,894               4,998

                                                                                                        85,215             110,950




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


33 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY

                                                                          At             At             At
      Balance sheet of the Company                        Note   31 December   31 December      1 January
                                                                       2024           2023           2023
                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                                  (restated)     (restated)

      Assets
      Non-current assets
        Investments in subsidiaries                                  199,337       193,150       189,283
        Investment in an associate                                   450,567       431,694       423,832
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                              2,026,879     3,362,872      1,928,196


                                                                   2,676,783     3,987,716      2,541,311

      Current assets
        Amount due from subsidiaries                              20,885,404    14,448,985     14,185,844
        Prepayments and other receivables                              2,924         3,111          4,551
        Cash and bank balances                                         1,440         1,166          1,983

                                                                  20,889,768    14,453,262     14,192,378


      Total assets                                                23,566,551    18,440,978     16,733,689

      Equity
      Equity attributable to the equity holders of
        the Company
        Share capital                                                408,378       396,222       385,801
        Share premium                                              3,048,090     2,246,103      1,101,629
        Other reserves                                     (a)       418,348       228,832       138,663
        Retained earnings                                  (a)       140,425        72,942       119,460

      Total equity                                                 4,015,241     2,944,099      1,745,553




162   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
33 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

                                                                                 At                 At                  At
   Balance sheet of the Company                          Note         31 December        31 December           1 January
                                                                               2024              2023              2023
                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                             (restated)        (restated)

   Liabilities
   Current liabilities
     Other payables                                                           2,825             1,173            11,110
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                         19,544,454       15,491,846        14,976,146
     Current income tax liabilities                                           4,031             3,860                  880

                                                                         19,551,310       15,496,879        14,988,136

   Total liabilities                                                     19,551,310       15,496,879        14,988,136


   Total equity and liabilities                                          23,566,551       18,440,978        16,733,689


   The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2025 and was signed on its
   behalf.




   LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                                  LEE Shing Kan, M.H.
   Chairman                                             Director




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


33 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Note (a) Reserve movements of the Company

                                                                              Foreign
                                                                 Capital     currency
                                         Share option        redemption    translation                 Retained
                                                  reserve       reserve       reserve    Sub-total     earnings          Total
                                             RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

      At 1 January 2023 (restated)            129,281            22,397       (13,015)    138,663       119,460       258,123
      Profit for the year                              —             —             —            —     1,755,825     1,755,825
      Currency translation differences                 —             —         21,395      21,395             —        21,395
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued             (24,136)           —             —      (24,136)            —        (24,136)
        – value of employee services              92,962             —             —       92,962             —        92,962
        – adjustments relating to
             expired share options                    (52)           —             —           (52)          52             —
      Dividend relating to 2022                        —             —             —            —      (821,991)     (821,991)
      Dividend relating to 2023                        —             —             —            —      (980,404)     (980,404)

      At 31 December 2023 (restated)          198,055            22,397         8,380     228,832        72,942       301,774

      At 1 January 2024 (restated)            198,055            22,397         8,380     228,832        72,942       301,774
      Profit for the year                              —             —             —            —     2,716,350     2,716,350
      Currency translation differences                 —             —        133,433     133,433             —       133,433
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued              (1,946)           —             —        (1,946)           —         (1,946)
        – value of employee services              81,129             —             —       81,129             —        81,129
        – adjustments relating to
             expired share options            (23,100)               —             —      (23,100)       23,100             —
      Dividend relating to 2023                        —             —             —            —     (1,446,942)   (1,446,942)
      Dividend relating to 2024                        —             —             —            —     (1,225,025)   (1,225,025)

      At 31 December 2024                     254,138            22,397       141,813     418,348       140,425       558,773




164   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
34 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS

   (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS
       The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2024 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                          Employer’s
                                                                                        contribution
                                                                       Discretionary       to benefit
       Name of directors (Note (i))             Fees          Salary           bonus          scheme            Total
                                           RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

       LEE Yin Yee                              276               46          17,602               —           17,924
       TUNG Ching Bor                           276            2,338           7,544               17          10,175
       TUNG Ching Sai                           276            7,385          17,602               17          25,280
       LEE Shing Kan                            276            2,518           7,544               17          10,355
       NG Ngan Ho                               276               —                —               —                 276
       LI Ching Wai                             276               —                —               —                 276
       SZE Nang Sze                             276               —                —               —                 276
       LI Ching Leung                           276               —                —               —                 276
       YANG Siu Shun                            138               —                —               —                 138
       Starry, LEE Wai-king                     161               —                —               —                 161
       LAM Kwong Siu                            276               —                —               —                 276
       WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                   276               —                —               —                 276
       TRAN Chuen Wah, John                     276               —                —               —                 276




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


34 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

      (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
           The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2023 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                                                  Employer’s
                                                                                                                contribution
                                                                                            Discretionary          to benefit
           Name of directors (Note (i))                       Fees              Salary              bonus             scheme                 Total
                                                        RMB’000               RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000

           LEE Yin Yee                                        272                   44            26,713                    —             27,029
           TUNG Ching Bor                                     272               2,210             11,449                    16            13,947
           TUNG Ching Sai                                     272               7,293             26,713                    16            34,294
           LEE Shing Kan                                      272               2,162             11,449                    16            13,899
           NG Ngan Ho                                         272                   —                   —                   —                 272
           LI Ching Wai                                       272                   —                   —                   —                 272
           SZE Nang Sze                                       272                   —                   —                   —                 272
           LI Ching Leung                                     272                   —                   —                   —                 272
           YANG Siu Shun                                      272                   —                   —                   —                 272
           LAM Kwong Siu                                      272                   —                   —                   —                 272
           WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                             272                   —                   —                   —                 272
           TRAN Chuen Wah, John                               272                   —                   —                   —                 272


           Notes

           (i)     During the year ended 31 December 2024, none of the directors of the Company (a) received any allowances and benefits
                   in kind; (b) received or paid emoluments in respect of their other services in connection with the management of the affairs
                   of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking, except for the director set out in Note (iv) below; and (c) received or paid any
                   remuneration in respect of accepting office (2023: same).

           (ii)    The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received from the Group by these directors in respect of their
                   services as directors and/or in their respect of their services as employees of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking (2023:
                   same).

           (iii)   On 31 May 2024, YANG Siu Shun retired as an independent non-executive Director and Starry LEE Wai-king has been
                   appointed as an independent non-executive Director and approved by the shareholders at the AGM. (No director of the
                   Company was appointed/retired during the year ended 31 December 2023.)

           (iv)    TUNG Ching Sai is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Group and his remuneration disclosed above include those for
                   services rendered by him as the Chief Executive Officer.




166   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
34 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

   (B) DIRECTORS’ TERMINATION BENEFITS
       During the year ended 31 December 2024, none of the directors of the Company received termination benefits.
       (2023: same).


   (C) CONSIDERATION PROVIDED TO THIRD PARTIES FOR MAKING AVAILABLE DIRECTORS ’
       SERVICES
       During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Company did not pay any consideration to third party for making
       available services of director (2023: same).


   (D) DIRECTORS’ LOANS, QUASI-LOANS AND OTHER DEALINGS
       There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate by and
       connected entities with such directors (2023: same).


   (E) DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
       Except for those transactions disclosed in Note 32, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
       relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the
       director’s connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or
       at any time during the year (2023: same).




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      35.1 SUBSIDIARIES
           Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
           an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
           has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
           consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
           control ceases.

           Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated.
           Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred
           asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies
           adopted by the Group.

           Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated statement
           of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and statement of financial
           position respectively.


           (a)   Business combinations
                 The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether
                 equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                 comprises the:

                 •     fair values of the assets transferred,

                 •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business,

                 •     equity interests issued by the Group,

                 •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

                 •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

                 Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
                 limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-
                 controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the
                 non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.




168   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.1 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
       (a)   Business combinations (Continued)
             Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

             The excess of the:

             •     consideration transferred,

             •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

             •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

             over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than
             the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised directly in
             profit or loss as a bargain purchase.

             Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
             discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental
             borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier
             under comparable terms and conditions.

             Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
             liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated
             income statement.

             If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
             held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses
             arising from such remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

             Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
             eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
             of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
             consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

             Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
             income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in
             equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.1 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           (b)   Changes in ownership interests
                 The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                 transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                 between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests
                 in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any
                 consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the
                 Company.

                 When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control,
                 joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the
                 change in carrying amount recognised in the consolidated income statement. This fair value becomes the
                 initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate,
                 joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
                 in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or
                 liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified
                 to the consolidated income statement or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
                 applicable HKFRSs.

                 If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is
                 retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
                 reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


           (c)   Separate financial statements
                 Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs
                 of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received
                 and receivable.

                 Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                 investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                 dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                 the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.




170   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.2 ASSOCIATES
       Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is
       generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are
       accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.

       Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter
       to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in the consolidated
       income statement, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other
       comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying
       amount of the investment.

       When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
       including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
       incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

       Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
       interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
       impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where
       necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

       Gains and losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

       If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share
       of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the consolidated income
       statement where appropriate.

       The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in an
       associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between
       the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount adjacent to “share of
       profits of associates” in the consolidated income statement.


   35.3 SEGMENT REPORTING
       Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
       decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
       performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that makes
       strategic decisions.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.4 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
           (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
                 the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
                 financial statements are presented in RMB.


           (b)   Transactions and balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
                 at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and
                 losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange
                 rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated
                 income statement. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net
                 investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

                 Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated income
                 statement, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated
                 income statement on a net basis within “Other gains/(losses) - net”.

                 Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency classified as FVOCI are
                 analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other
                 changes in the carrying amount of the security. Translation differences related to changes in amortised cost
                 are recognised in the consolidated income statement, and other changes in carrying amount are recognised in
                 other comprehensive income.

                 Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
                 rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets
                 and liabilities such as equities held at FVTPL are recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of the
                 fair value gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets such as equities classified as
                 FVOCI are included in other comprehensive income.




172   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.4 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION (Continued)
       (c)   Group companies
             The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
             hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
             translated into the presentation currency as follows:

             (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of
                     that balance sheet;

             (ii)    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                     this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                     transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                     transactions); and

             (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

             On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities,
             and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are recognised
             in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net
             investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain
             or loss on sale.

             Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
             liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


   35.5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
       Freehold land is stated at historical cost less subsequent impairment losses.

       Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less
       depreciation and impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition
       of the items.

       Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
       only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
       of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
       derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement
       during the financial period in which they are incurred.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
           Construction in progress represents buildings, plants and machinery on which construction work has not been
           completed and which, upon completion, management intends to hold for production purposes. Construction in
           progress is carried at cost which includes development and construction expenditure incurred and interest and other
           direct costs attributable to the development less any accumulated impairment losses. On completion, construction in
           progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment.

           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
           greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 35.7).

           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
           recognised within “Other gains/(losses) - net” in the consolidated income statement.


      35.6 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (a)   Goodwill
                 Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the
                 amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous
                 equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired.

                 Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
                 tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
                 be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an
                 entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                 Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to
                 those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business
                 combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at
                 which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments.


           (b)   Trademark, customer relationship and patent
                 Separately acquired trademarks are shown at historical cost. Trademark, customer relationship and patent
                 acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Trademark, customer
                 relationship and patent have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and
                 impairment losses.




174   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.6 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
       (c)   Float glass production capacity
             Float glass production capacity acquired from external parties are recognised at fair value at the acquisition
             date. The management considered that the float glass production capacity has indefinite useful life because it
             is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. It has no foreseeable limit to the period over which
             the Group can use to generate net cash flows. The float glass production capacity will not be amortised
             until its useful life is determined to be finite. Float glass production capacity is subjected to impairment test
             annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is
             carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

             Float glass production capacity is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing.
             The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to
             benefit from the using of the float glass production capacity. The units or groups of units are identified at the
             lowest level at which float glass production capacity is monitored for internal management purposes, being
             the operating segments.


   35.7 IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS
       Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
       annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
       impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
       carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
       carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
       costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
       for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from
       other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
       impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     175
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.8 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
           (a)   Classification
                 The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                 •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through
                       profit or loss), and

                 •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                 The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                 contractual terms of the cash flows.

                 For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in the consolidated income statement
                 or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will
                 depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account
                 for the equity investment at FVOCI.

                 The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
                 changes.


           (b)   Recognition and derecognition
                 Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
                 commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows
                 from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all
                 the risks and rewards of ownership.


           (c)   Measurement
                 At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
                 not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
                 costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in consolidated income statement.

                 Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
                 cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




176   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.8 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
       (c)   Measurement (Continued)
             Debt instruments
             Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
             and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
             classifies its debt instruments:

             •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                   represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from
                   these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                   loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in the consolidated income statement and presented
                   in “Other gains/(losses) - net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are
                   presented as separate line item in the consolidated income statement.

             •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
                   where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at
                   FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for
                   the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
                   which are recognised in consolidated income statement. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                   cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity
                   to profit or loss and recognised in “Other gains/(losses) - net”. Interest income from these financial assets
                   is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                   are presented in “Other gains/(losses) - net” and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item
                   in the consolidated income statement.

                   Where equity security is not held for trading, an entity can irrevocably elected to present fair value
                   changes of such equity security in other comprehensive income. If an entity makes the election, changes
                   in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income will not be reclassified to profit and loss.

             •     FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or
                   loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in consolidated income
                   statement and presented within “Other gains/(losses) - net” in the period in which it arises.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      177
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.8 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
           (c)   Measurement (Continued)
                 Equity instruments
                 The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has
                 elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is
                 no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the consolidated income statement following
                 the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in the
                 consolidated income statement as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                 Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in “Other gains/(losses) - net” or “Other
                 income” in the consolidated income statement as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment
                 losses) on equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

                 Details on how the fair value of financial instruments is determined are disclosed in Note 3.3.


           (d)   Impairment
                 The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
                 carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has
                 been a significant increase in credit risk.

                 For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
                 expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.


      35.9 OFFSETTING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount are reported in the consolidated balance sheet when the
           Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net
           basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent
           on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
           bankruptcy of the Company or counterparties.


      35.10 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
           Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term,
           highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank
           overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.




178   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.11 SHARE CAPITAL
       Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

       Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net
       of tax, from the proceeds.

       Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid,
       including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
       Company’s equity holders until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently
       reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related
       income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.


   35.12 BORROWINGS
       Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
       carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
       is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
       method.

       Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it
       is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
       occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down,
       the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
       relates.

       Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
       cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished
       or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities
       assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

       When the terms of a financial liability are renegotiated and the entity issues equity instruments to a creditor to
       extinguish all or part of the liability (debt for equity swap), a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss, which is
       measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability and the fair value of the equity
       instruments issued.

       Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end of the reporting period, the Group has a right to
       defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.

       Covenants that the Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are considered
       in classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that the Group is required to
       comply with after the reporting period do not affect the classification at the reporting date.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     179
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.13 BORROWINGS COSTS
           General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
           assets are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended
           use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
           intended use or sale.

           Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
           qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


      35.14 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
           The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
           on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
           attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

           The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated income
           statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
           equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


           (a)   Current income tax
                 The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                 at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries and associates
                 operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
                 respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is
                 probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances
                 either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides a better
                 prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.


           (b)   Deferred income tax
                 Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
                 the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
                 However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
                 Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                 transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
                 nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
                 Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted
                 by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
                 realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.




180   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.14 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
       (b)   Deferred income tax (Continued)
             The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
             assuming the property will be recovered either through sale or through use.

             Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise
             those temporary differences and losses.

             Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
             and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing of the
             reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
             future.

             Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
             in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other
             comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


       (c)   Offsetting
             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
             and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
             tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on
             a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


       (d)   Investment allowances and similar tax incentives
             Companies within the Group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in qualifying
             assets or in relation to qualifying expenditure (e.g. investment allowances). The Group accounts for such
             allowances as tax credits, which means that the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax
             expense. A deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that can be carried forward and when it is
             probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise the unclaimed tax credits.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     181
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.15 PROVISIONS
           Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognised when: the Group has a
           present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will
           be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for
           future operating losses.

           Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
           determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
           outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

           Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures required to settle
           the obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax
           rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The
           increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.


      35.16 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
           (a)   Pension obligations
                 The Group participates in a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in
                 separate trustee-administered funds. The pension plans are generally funded by payments from employees and
                 by the relevant group companies. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays
                 fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                 contribution if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee
                 services in the current and prior periods. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                 have been paid.

                 The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
                 recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


           (b)   Employee leave entitlements
                 Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made
                 for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the
                 reporting period.

                 Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


           (c)   Profit-sharing and bonus plans
                 The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing, based on a formula that
                 takes into consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
                 Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a
                 constructive obligation.



182   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.17 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
       (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
             The Group operates a number of equity-settled, share-based compensation plans, under which the entity
             receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Group. The fair value
             of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The
             total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

             •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

             •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                   profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period);
                   and

             •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to save).

             The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified
             vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each period, the entity revises its estimates of the number
             of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions. It recognises the
             impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

             When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
             attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium when the
             options are exercised.

             When the options are forfeited, the expense recognised in prior periods is reversed. When the options are
             expired, the reserve related to the expired options is transferred to retained earnings.


       (b)   Share-based payment transactions among group entities
             The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
             in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
             reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
             subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity.


   35.18 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
       These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
       which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within
       12 months after the reporting period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at
       amortised cost using the effective interest method.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       183
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      35.19 FINANCIAL GUARANTEE CONTRACTS
           Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time when the guarantee is issued. The
           liability is initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

           •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
                 Instruments, and

           •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
                 accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

           The fair value of financial guarantees on initial recognition equals the present value of the premium in an arm’s
           length transaction.

           Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the fair
           values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


      35.20 GOVERNMENT GRANTS
           Grants from the government are recognised at their fair values where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
           will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

           Note 24 (a) provides further information on how the Group accounts for government grants.


      35.21 LEASES
           Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
           available for use by the Group.

           Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the
           net present value of the following lease payments:

           •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

           •     variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
                 commencement date

           •     amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees

           •     the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

           •     payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.




184   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
35 SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   35.21 LEASES (Continued)
        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
        liability.

        Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
        the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
        each period.

        Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

        •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

        •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

        •      any initial direct costs, and

        •      restoration costs.

        Entity-specific details about the Group’s leasing policy are provided in note 6.


   35.22 DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
        Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial
        statements and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
        Company’s shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


   35.23 INTEREST INCOME
        Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the effective
        interest method is recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of other income.

        Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
        management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.

        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
        except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective
        interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2024 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       185
Financial Summary


A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is presented below.

                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                 2024                2023               2022               2021                 2020
                                             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                (restated)          (restated)         (restated)         (restated)

Revenue                                    22,323,569         24,293,673          22,005,354        25,318,636         16,664,625
Cost of sales                             (15,593,909)       (16,476,198)        (14,597,508)      (12,204,161)         (9,707,766)

Gross profit                                6,729,660          7,817,475           7,407,846        13,114,475           6,956,859

Profit before income tax                    4,248,029          5,775,149           5,085,762        11,223,081           6,562,000
Income tax expense                           (876,119)          (879,666)           (719,297)        (1,605,146)          (804,844)

Profit for the year                         3,371,910          4,895,483           4,366,465          9,617,935          5,757,156
Profit attributable to
  – equity holders of the Company           3,369,173          4,883,103           4,351,845          9,605,639          5,749,058
  – non-controlling interests                    2,737             12,380             14,620             12,296                 8,098

                                            3,371,910          4,895,483           4,366,465          9,617,935          5,757,156
Dividends                                   1,634,906          2,427,346           2,257,053          4,766,587          2,863,146


Asset and Liabilities                                                        As at 31 December

                                                 2024                2023               2022               2021                 2020
                                             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                                (restated)          (restated)         (restated)         (restated)

Total assets                               48,078,296         46,316,143          46,742,940        46,193,308         37,828,165
Total liabilities                          13,701,155         13,621,491          18,027,015        17,817,254         14,350,133

                                           34,377,141         32,694,652          28,715,925        28,376,054         23,478,032

Equity attributable to equity
  holders of the Company                   34,284,785         32,589,899          28,613,226        28,287,854         23,401,005
Non-controlling interests                      92,356            104,753            102,699              88,200             77,027

                                           34,377,141         32,694,652          28,715,925        28,376,054         23,478,032




186    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2024
