      Contents
 2    Corporate Information

 4    Chairman’s Statement

 10   Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 17   Profile of Directors and Senior Management

 22   Corporate Governance Report

 33   Report of the Directors

 56   Independent Auditor’s Report

 62   Consolidated Balance Sheet

 64   Consolidated Income Statement

 65   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 66   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 68   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 70   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

178   Financial Summary




                  XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   1
Corporate Information


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                        LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (Chairman) ø~
                                                           Squire Patton Boggs
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (Vice Chairman)
                                                           Suite 3201
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.
  (Chief Executive Officer) <ø                             One Island East
Mr. LEE Shing Kan                                          Taikoo Place
                                                           Quarry Bay
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                    Hong Kong
Mr. LI Ching Wai
Mr. SZE Nang Sze                                           AUDITOR
Mr. LI Ching Leung
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                             PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                                             Certified Public Accountants and
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                             Registered PIE Auditor
Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. *ø < (Appointed on 2 June 2022)
                                                           22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu G.B.S #+<
                                                           Central, Hong Kong
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel #<ø
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. (Retired on 2 June 2022)
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John #                                 PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David (Retired on 2 June 2022)
                                                           Bank of China (Hong Kong)
*        Chairman of audit committee                       Bank of East Asia
#        Members of audit committee                        Citibank, N.A.
+        Chairman of remuneration committee                China Construction Bank
ø        Members of remuneration committee                 Credit Industriel et Commercial (Hong Kong Branch)
~        Chairman of nomination committee                  Dah Sing Bank
<        Members of nomination committee
                                                           DBS Bank
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER &                                  Hang Seng Bank
COMPANY SECRETARY                                          HSBC
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, FCPA, AICPA                              Huaxia Bank
                                                           Industrial Bank
REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                           Korean Development Bank Asia
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park                            Malayan Banking Berhad
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
                                                           Mizuho Bank
Cayman Islands
                                                           MUFG Bank
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA                       Nanyang Commercial Bank
Xinyi Glass Industrial Zone                                Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
1 Xinyi Road                                               United Overseas Bank
Wuhu Economic and Technology Development Zone              Bank of China
Wuhu City, Anhui Province, China                           Bank of Communications

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS                                Ping An Bank
IN HONG KONG                                               China Citic Bank
                                                           Huishang Bank
Unit 2101-2108, 21st Floor
Rykadan Capital Tower                                      Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
135 Hoi Bun Road                                           Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
Kwun Tong, Kowloon                                         State Bank of India (Hong Kong Branch)
Hong Kong

2     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND                          KEY DATES
TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited               determining the entitlement to attend and vote
Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre                    at the Annual General Meeting: From Tuesday,
183 Queen’s Road East                                           30 May 2023 to Friday, 2 June 2023 (both days inclusive)
Hong Kong                                                     Date of Annual General Meeting: Friday, 2 June 2023
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND                                   determining the entitlement to the final dividend:
TRANSFER OFFICE                                                 From Thursday, 8 June 2023 to Monday, 12 June 2023
                                                                (both days inclusive)
Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
                                                              Proposed final dividend payable date:
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                                On or about Friday, 4 August 2023
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
Cayman Islands


WEBSITE

http://www.xinyiglass.com


SHARE INFORMATION

Place of listing: Main Board of The Stock Exchange
  of Hong Kong Limited
Stock code: 00868
Listing date: 3 February 2005
Board lot: 1,000 ordinary shares
Financial year end: 31 December
Share price as of the date of this annual report: HK$15.32
Market capitalisation as of the date of this annual report:
  Approximately HK$63.1 billion




                                                                   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       3
Chairman’s Statement


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to announce the audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for the
financial year ended 31 December 2022.

In comparison with 2021, the Group’s revenue decreased by about 15.5% to HK$25,746.0 million in 2022. The profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased significantly by about 55.6% to HK$5,127.2 million in 2022. Basic
earnings per share (the “Share”) was 126.6 HK cents, as compared with 287.0 HK cents last year.

We are considered that the Group has achieved a reasonable level of profitability in an unfavorable market condition and
proposed payment of a final dividend of 22.0 HK cents per Share upon approval by the shareholders (the “Shareholders”) at
the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”).

I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2022 and key development highlights for the coming year.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The PRC glass industry encounters a difficult year in 2022 due to the slow demand from the domestic market. The PRC property
market has been weakened since the fourth quarter in 2021 due to the debt crisis of those over leveraged property developers.
The high inflation rate in the overseas markets results in the increases in the borrowing interest rates and the international
logistics costs. Also, the global energy and raw material prices are increasing due to the Russia Ukraine war. Those factors
dampened the glass markets. As a result, the Group’s operations in the automobile glass, architectural glass and float glass
segments encountered unexpected challenges and more importantly, opportunities that emerged from overseas markets.

The Group’s net profit for the year ended 31 December 2022 was dropped by 55.6%, mainly due to the lower average selling
prices and high production costs of float glass products in the PRC market. The Group implemented stringent policies on
production costs and energy conservation to enhance the cost control. Also, the Group refined in the product mix of float glass,
automobile glass and architectural glass, focusing on high value-added, different colours and thickness, structure-upgraded and
energy-saving glass products. As for operations, the Group streamlined production flows and logistics and adopted dynamic
marketing strategies for its architectural glass and automobile glass products.

The PRC’s float glass industry has experienced weak demand during the year. This has been reflected by the decrease in the
average selling prices, primarily driven by the delayed completion and delay of window installation of real estate industry in
the PRC. On the other hand, in order to achieve the nation’s carbon neutral policy, the PRC government is still restricting the
granting of new approval for new capacity of float glass, thus limiting the supply of float glass.




4     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
As more PRC private property developers encounter liquidity issues, the Group’s architectural glass business has focused on
the new glass projects which are mainly led by government related or strong financial property developers. The sales volume
of the architectural glass products posted growth, even though construction projects slowed down since the fourth quarter of
2021 due to the tight capital chains of property developers in the PRC. The demand for the architectural energy-saving Low-E
glass is positive as supported by aggressive marketing strategy and a wide range of value-added and advanced structured glass
products. However, the Group has incurred a slight drop in sales of the architectural glass segment due to the depreciation of
RMB and COVID-19 impact.

The Group’s marketing and production strategies for the automobile glass business in 2022 would focus on tackling challenges
on import tariff imposed by the US government and the high international logistics costs, as well as achieving a sales growth
seizing the opportunities of economic rebound after the wake of COVID-19 pandemic in overseas markets. The Group has
developed new glass products for applications on advanced driver assistance systems (“ADAS”), head up displays (“HUD”),
sound proofing, low-e coating, sunroofs, and value-added parts that are suitable for both new and existing car models, as well
as the EV models, and are ready to be launched as and when appropriate.

The Group has been exploring new opportunities in the PRC and overseas markets. We strengthening existing customers
relationships for the purpose of increasing the sales volume for both new and existing product models participated overseas
exhibitions and visited overseas customers in second half of 2022. The Group’s automobile glass products are sold to customers
in over 130 countries or territories.

As one of the principal players in the global glass industry, the Group has secured its market-leading position and enhanced its
economies of scale through strategic expansion and acquisition of production capacities across different product segments, that
incorporate streamlined and automated production process at different locations in the PRC and Malaysia. The Group has also
acquired additional float glass production facilities in the PRC for the purpose of increasing the production capacity under the
national supplyside reform policy in previous years.

The Group has also implemented a series of measures that contributed to the performance of the Group. Such measures include
enhancing cost controls on the supply and consumption of raw materials, owning and operating silica sand mines, improving
supply chain flow and recycling of principal raw materials. Furthermore, the Group has also re-engineered its production process
and added an automation to boost production efficiency, employed rooftop distributed solar power generation system and low-
temperature recycling residual heat power co-generation systems to generate electricity and hot water for internal consumption
and implemented energy conservation scheme, which at the same time are also in line with the national carbon neutral policies.

To maintain its competitiveness, the Group will continue to developing and launching a range of unique glass products with
different colours, thickness, special coating materials, high value-added features, accessories and specialties, adopting proactive
pricing and flexible marketing strategies and make use of the favorable policies implemented under the 14th Five-Year Plan of
the PRC government.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       5
Chairman’s Statement


Improved productivity, product quality and features, technology and economies of scale to enhance
production efficiency and new products development by new research and development (“R&D”)
investments
Continuing R&D investments by the Group in new materials and coatings, production engineering, information technology, big
data analysis, environmental control, and carbon neutrality awareness as well as improvements made to the production process,
automation and equipment maintenance programs, have enhanced its productivity and yield rate, thus, reducing the carbon
emissions, wastage, overall labour, production and energy costs for the year ended 31 December 2022.

The Group’s engineering and design division has designed the latest world-class, environmental friendly, larger capacity and
higher yield rate float glass production lines in the PRC and Malaysia. The economies of scale have enabled the generation of
significant cost savings in the procurement and production process and they also facilitated the increased efficiency in the use
of fuel and principal raw materials. To further control the energy costs and carbon emissions, the Group increasingly uses clean
environmental-friendly energy by employing the rooftop distributed solar power generation system and the low-temperature
recycling residual heat power co-generation systems to support the electricity consumption.

In addition, the use of natural gas as fuel for the production of high-quality float glass can reduce carbon emissions for a better
air quality environment and fulfill the carbon neutral target, improve float glass product quality and enhance the Group’s energy
cost structure.

The R&D team continuous to develop new glass products, low-e coating materials and features and improve product quality to
capture the new market and business opportunities.


Expansion of high value-added product mix and global coverage which enhances the group’s overall
competitiveness
While the COVID-19 pandemic was prevalent in 2022 and markets were competitive, the Group achieved a reasonable results
in the automobile glass, architectural glass and high-quality float glass businesses. These demonstrated the Group’s diversified
business segments, integrated production chain, global market coverage, upgraded product structure, state-of-art production
lines and the expanded high value-added and differentiated product mix could ease operational pressures and risks in any
specific business segment or country despite an uncertain and competitive market environment.


Strong financial position and resources to future expansion
The Group has solid financial position with HK$8,167.3 million cash and bank deposits and with low net debt gearing ratio of
16.7% as of 31 December 2022. The Group’s good credit history has resulted in its effective borrowing rate at 2.2%. For the
year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has obtained a total of HK$3,281.4 million green loans, demonstrating its ability to
secure financing from multiple channels to support capital expenditure and future expansion.




6     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
BUSINESS OUTLOOK

Through its continued adoption of advanced technologies at its production facilities and unifying management to further
improve operational efficiency and product quality control, the Group will continue to adopt and enhance flexible strategies
in integrated production flow and supply chains, logistics and marketing strategies to maintain its leadership and competitive
position of global glass manufacturers.

In response to the increasingly stringent environmental protection standards on air emission under the national carbon neutral
policy, the PRC government has continued its tightened supplyside reform on the establishment of new float glass production
capacity, acquisition of existing capacity and phase-out obsolete and non-compliant float glass production facilities. The Group is
embarking on prudent and flexible strategies in response to the current situation of the float glass market in the PRC and other
countries.

The prices for soda ash are expected to be less volatile and remain at the low level in 2023, as compared to 2022, due to the
newly supply in the PRC. Energy costs might also be less than 2022 as cruel oil price is at the low level in the global market.
Thus, the Group is cautiously optimistic on the prospects for the float glass market, as well as on the movements of the average
selling prices in peak season in 2023.

The first silica sand mine and processing factory of the Group in Beihai, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region commenced
operation since the end of 2020. It signifies the Group’s capability to achieve a high level of integration of the glass production
flow and maintain a full control of the major raw material costs and quality. The Group will continue to explore more
opportunities on new source of raw materials in Asia in future.

The Sino-US trade dispute has had an adverse impact on the additional import tariff on both the US aftermarket automobile
glass customers and the Group. The Group’s new automobile glass production lines in Malaysia gradually mitigated such impact.
The Group will continue to explore the opportunities to expand our overseas production capacity in order to counter different
import tariff issues.

It is expected that the PRC government would launch further relax and proactive economic and monetary policies to stimulate
the domestic consumption cycle and stabilise the property market in the near future. The policies require completion and
delivery of building projects to the purchasers, which would result in more construction and window installation activities in
2023 and would increase the demand for float glass and architectural glass.

The Directors are also optimistic on the continuous development of the Group’s automobile glass aftermarket business in the
global markets, as well as on the prospects of increasing sales in the energy-saving and single- and double-insulated Low-E glass
segments in the future.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       7
Chairman’s Statement


After years of expanding its production facilities in the major economic zones of the PRC and Southeast Asia, the Group is
exploring acquisitions and new expansion opportunities in the PRC and overseas, which can provide direct access to other
markets, lower labour and raw material costs, better production and energy costs and more favourable tax treatment and other
incentives. The Group will build a new float glass production complex in Indonesia to expand its business footprints in ASEAN
countries.

The acquisition of the float glass business in Hainan province in mid-2021 has strengthened the float glass capacity and the
Group’s market coverage in Southern China. The second phase of the Yingkou production complex will commence operation in
the second quarter of 2023.

In 2021, the Group has formed a new division dedicated to carbon neutrality, which will take responsibility for the planning,
implementation and monitoring of the Group’s carbon neutrality policies and targets. Its initiated energy conservation plan may
also help to improve the overall energy cost structure of the Group.

Solar energy is among the most efficient and reliable form of renewable energy with lower installation costs than hydropower,
nuclear power and wind power. It is also safe in operation. There will be an increasing number of solar farms to be constructed
in the PRC in the near future in support of the national goal of “carbon neutrality” by 2060. European market has enjoyed
a high growth due to the energy crisis brought by the Russia-Ukraine war this year. Polysilicon is an essential feedstock for
photovoltaics and is widely used to manufacture conventional solar cells. A new polysilicon joint venture with 48% stake was
formed with Xinyi Solar in Yunnan Province, which is expected to increase the Group’s green and renewable energy investments.
The Directors believe that clean and renewable energy will become the major source of energy in the future and that the
demand for clean and renewable energy will continue to increase in the PRC and global markets.

The Group will continue to allocate sufficient resources to R&D, enhancement of product quality and development of new
products and materials, models and features, as well as exploring new markets, increasing production efficiency, achieving
carbon neutrality goal and conducting staff training for the purpose of maintaining the production safety standards,
competitiveness and, ultimately, enhancing profitability.




8     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
CONCLUSION

The Group continues to tackle and overcome different challenges amidst changes in the global market environments and the
return to normalcy following the COVID-19 pandemic by bolstering its efficiency and increasing its profitability through more
effective and flexible management across its cash management, information technology, logistics, supply chain, production,
operational, marketing and R&D activities, as well as expansion of its business collaboration with its customers and suppliers.
The Directors believe that these will enable the Group to maximise the benefits from the domestic market in the PRC and other
emerging markets in addition to being cautiously optimistic about the Group’s long-term business development prospects.

The Group will continue to refine its proven business strategies to maintain and strengthen its growth and performance. To
sustain its industry-leading position, the Group is also exploring opportunities for expanding its business presence in the global
glass market across a broad spectrum of industries, applications and products as well as developing other business partnerships
that would be beneficial to the overall business development of the Group.




Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman

27 February 2023




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


INTRODUCTION

The Group is engaged in the production and sales of a wide range of glass products, including automobile glass, energy-saving
architectural glass, high-quality float glass and glass products for different commercial and industrial applications. These glass
products are manufactured at the production facilities which are strategically located in the PRC and Malaysia. In the PRC, the
Group’s production facilities are established in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Jiangmen in Guangdong Province, Wuhu in Anhui
Province, Tianjin, Yingkou in Liaoning Province, Deyang in Sichuan Province, Zhangjiagang in Jiangsu Province, Beihai in Guangxi
Zhuang Autonomous Region and Chengmai County in Hainan Province. In Malaysia, the Group operates a production facility in
Malacca. In addition to the glass products, the Group also produces rubber and plastic components for automobiles.

The Group’s customers are in over 140 countries and territories, including the PRC, Hong Kong, the United States (“US”),
Canada, Australia, New Zealand and other countries in Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa and the Americas. The Group’s
customers include companies engaged in a wide range of business activities, ranging from automobile glass manufacturing,
wholesaling and distribution, automobile repairs and maintenance, motor vehicle manufacturing, curtain wall design,
engineering and installation, architectural and furniture glass manufacturing, electronic and household appliance manufacturing
to float glass manufacturing, wholesaling and distribution.


BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the depreciation of Renminbi (“RMB”) caused by a strong US dollar and an
increasing interest rate, along with the COVID-19 pandemic, significantly affected the PRC economy. The Group’s three glass
product businesses, namely float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, have faced different challenges in terms of sales
volume and selling prices.

In 2022, the revenue of the Group decreased by 15.5% to HK$25,746.0 million, as compared to HK$30,459.1 million in 2021.
Profit for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company has significantly dropped by 55.6% to HK$5,127.2 million,
as compared to HK$11,555.9 million in 2021. The compound annual growth rate of the Group’s sales during the five-year
period including 2022 was 12.6%. Basic earnings per Share amounted to 126.6 HK cents, representing a significant drop of
55.9% as compared to 2021. Nevertheless, the Board considers that the Group has achieved a reasonable level of profitability
amid the global unfavorable conditions. The Board proposes to declare a final dividend of 22.0 HK cents per share, subject to
the approval by the Shareholders at the forthcoming AGM.




10    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Sales
The sales revenue of the Group decreased by 15.5% in 2022, principally due to the decreases in the selling prices of float glass
products in the PRC market and the continuous depreciation of RMB.

The tables below set forth the Group’s sales by products and by geographical regions:

                                                                                        Year Ended 31 December

                                                                                2022                                     2021
                                                                   HK$’million                     %         HK$’million                 %

By Products
Float glass products                                                   16,587.8                  64.4           21,907.5                71.9
Automobile glass products (Note)                                         6,081.3                 23.6             5,457.0               17.9
Architectural glass products                                             3,076.9                 12.0             3,094.6               10.2

                                                                       25,746.0                100.0            30,459.1               100.0


Note:

Included sales of automobile glass and automobile rubber and plastic components on an original equipment manufacturing (“OEM”) basis and

on aftermarkets basis, respectively.

                                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                                2022                                     2021
                                                                   HK$’million                     %         HK$’million                 %

By Geographical Regions
Greater China (Note (a))                                               17,567.0                  68.2           23,700.0                77.8
North America                                                            2,508.4                  9.8             2,233.9                7.3
Others (Note (b))                                                        5,670.6                 22.0             4,525.2               14.9

                                                                       25,746.0                100.0            30,459.1               100.0


Notes:

(a)      Greater China include the PRC and Hong Kong.

(b)      Others include Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Africa, the Middle East, Central America, South America and other countries.




                                                                                   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Cost of Sales
The increase in the production costs was mainly attributable to the significant price increase of soda ash and energy in the
PRC and the increase of the sales volume of float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass. The cost pressures have been
mitigated in part by the improved production efficiency, cost control measures and the use of renewable energy sources by the
Group. As a result, the cost of sales has increased by 16.2% to HK$17,059.6 million in 2022, as compared to HK$14,682.0
million in 2021.


Gross Profit
The gross profit of the Group in 2022 amounted to HK$8,686.4 million, representing a decrease of 44.9%, as compared
to HK$15,777.1 million in 2021. The overall gross profit margin has decreased from 51.8% to 33.7% principally due to the
decrease in the average selling prices of the float glass products of the Group and the increase of cost of sales.


Other Income
Other income increased to HK$663.4 million, as compared to HK$614.2 million in 2021. The increase was mainly due to the
increase in the investment return from financial products purchased by the Group in the PRC.


Other Gains, Net
Net other gains increased by 67.3% and amounted to HK$192.6 million in 2022, as compared to HK$115.1 million in 2021.
The increase was principally due to increase in the foreign exchange gain.


Selling and Marketing Costs
The Group’s selling and marketing costs increased by 15.9% to HK$1,810.1 million in 2022. The increment was principally due
to the increase in both domestic and overseas transportation costs and the additional import tariff imposed by the US.


Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses decreased by 2.4% to HK$2,388.3 million in 2022, mainly due to the
decrease in the directors’ remuneration.


Share of Profits of Associates
Share of profits of associates was mainly generated from the Company’s associate companies, namely Xinyi Solar Holdings
Limited and Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited. The share profits decreased to HK$922.8 million, as compared to HK$1,185.7 million
in 2021. The decrease was mainly due to the decrease in the profitability of these two companies.




12    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Finance Costs
The Group’s finance costs increased significantly by 139.6% to HK$371.5 million in 2022 mainly due to the increase in the
HIBOR rate during the year. A portion of the interest expense incurred as construction-in-progress and acquisition of land, plant
and machinery at the production complexes in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia has been capitalised under construction-in-
progress and will be depreciated subsequently once the related production facilities and the new production lines commence the
commercial operation. An interest expense amounted to HK34.4 million was capitalised under construction-in-progress in 2022,
which was a significant increase of 61.7% as compared to HK$21.3 million in 2021. An increase in the capitalised amount
interest expense in 2022 represented an increase in the capital expenditure incurred by the Group on building and construction.


Earnings Before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”)
EBITDA decreased by 48.7% to HK$7,755.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2022, as compared to HK$15,123.2 million
in 2021.


Income Tax Expense
The Group’s income tax expense decreased significantly by 55.7% to HK$855.8 million in 2022 due to the reduced amount of
profits generated and the corresponding decrease in the payment of PRC dividend withholding tax during the year. The effective
tax rate was 14.3%, which was lower than the standard tax rates mainly due to more profits generated by the Company’s
subsidiaries that are qualified for the preferential PRC high-tech enterprise CIT tax rate of 15%.

The PRC dividend withholding tax of HK$70.1 million was paid in 2022.

A total amount of RMB130.0 million dividends from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries were re-invested in the PRC and hence, no
withholding tax has been recognised in accordance with the PRC dividend withholding tax rules under the current PRC taxation
policies in 2022.


Net Profit
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$5,127.2 million in 2022, representing a decrease of 55.6%, as
compared to HK$11,555.9 million in 2021. Net profit margin decreased to 19.9% in 2022.


CURRENT RATIO

The Group’s current ratio as of 31 December 2022 was 1.09, as compared with 1.89 as of 31 December 2021. The decrease in
the current ratio was mainly due to a high percentage of long-term high-interest income fixed bank deposits were made by the
Group at end of the year.


NET CURRENT ASSETS

As of 31 December 2022, the Group had net current assets of HK$1,016.0 million, as compared to HK$9,146.2 million as of 31
December 2021. The decrease was in line with the decreases in the current ratio and net profit.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND COMMITMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group incurred an aggregate capital expenditure of HK$2,624.4 million (2021:
HK$4,042.6 million) for the purchase of plant and machinery and the construction of factory premises in the PRC, Malaysia
and Indonesia. Capital commitments contracted for but not incurred by the Group as of 31 December 2022 amounted to
HK$1,378.2 million (2021: HK$1,368.2 million), which was mainly related to the proposed investment in Yunnan Province
and new production capacity of architectural glass, automobile glass and float glass, planned to be expanded in the PRC and
Indonesia.


CAPITAL STRUCTURE

There has been no material change in the capital structure of the Company during the year. The capital of the Group companies
comprises the ordinary shares.


FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

In 2022, the Group’s primary source of funding included cash generated from its operating activities and the new banking
facilities provided by its principal banks in Hong Kong and the PRC. Net cash inflow from operating activities amounted to
HK$6,737.3 million (2021: HK$10,947.1 million) as a result of a substantial decrease in net profit for the year and efficient
working capital management which led to a net cash surplus from operations. As of 31 December 2022, the Group had cash
and bank balances (including fixed deposits and pledged bank deposits) of HK$8,167.3 million (2021: HK$10,295.1 million).


BANK BORROWINGS

As of 31 December 2022, the Group’s bank borrowings amounted to HK$13,515.7 million, representing a decrease of 12.8%,
as compared to HK$15,492.7 million as of 31 December 2021, because of the decrease in capital expenditure and repayment of
bank loans by cash on hand to reduce the loan interest expense during the year.

The Group’s net debt gearing ratio as of 31 December 2022 was 16.7% (31 December 2021: 15.1%). This ratio was calculated
by dividing the net debt, which is calculated as total bank borrowings plus lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, fixed
bank deposits and pledged bank deposits, by the total equity of the Group as of 31 December 2022.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As of 31 December 2022, bank balance of HK$141.4 million has been pledged as collateral principally for import duties payable
to the US government.




14    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of 31 December 2022, the Group had 15,068 full-time employees, of whom 14,171 were based in the PRC and 897 were
based in Hong Kong and other countries and territories. The Group maintains good relationship with its employees and provides
employees with sufficient training in business and professional knowledge including information about the applications of the
Group’s products and skills in maintaining good client relationship. Remuneration packages offered to the Group’s employees
are generally consistent with prevailing market rates and are reviewed on a regular basis. Discretionary bonus may be awarded
to employees taking into consideration the Group’s performance and that of individual staff.

Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, the Group has participated in relevant defined contribution retirement schemes
administered by responsible government authorities in the PRC for its employees there. The Group’s employees in Hong
Kong are all participating in mandatory provident fund arrangements as required by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong).


FINAL DIVIDEND

At the meeting of the Board held on 27 February 2023, the Directors consider that the Group has achieved a reasonable level
of profitability in an unfavorable market condition and recommended the payment of a final dividend (the “Final Dividend”)
of 22.0 HK cents per Share for the year ended 31 December 2022. The recommendation of payment of the Final Dividend
is subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM which is expected to be held on or before Friday, 2 June 2023. If
approved by the Shareholders, it is expected that the Final Dividend will be paid on or about Friday, 4 August 2023 to the
Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 12 June 2023.

Shareholders will be given an option to receive the Final Dividend in cash or wholly or partly in new and fully paid shares of the
Company in lieu of cash by the scrip dividend. The scrip dividend scheme (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”) is subject to the Stock
Exchange granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be allotted and issued under the Scrip Dividend
Scheme.

The Company will announce separately further information on the Scrip Dividend Scheme which includes the market value
of the scrip shares under the Scrip Dividend Scheme which is expected to represent a discount to the average closing price
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days commenced on Tuesday, 6 June 2023 until
Monday, 12 June 2023 (both days inclusive) rounded down to two decimal places.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      15
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


TREASURY POLICIES AND EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES

The Group has adopted treasury policies for the purpose of optimising the use of readily-available financial resources for the
business needs of its different subsidiaries. The Directors believe that such treasury policies are an integral part of the business
operations of the Group and are beneficial to the Group as a whole by reducing the costs and interests that may otherwise be
borne by its relevant subsidiaries in arranging the required banking facilities to meet obligations. For example, the Group has
adopted a centralised approach in managing funds available to its headquarters, subsidiaries and branches, including cash, bank
deposits, securities, bills and other financial instruments. These assets, such as bills and financial instruments, are managed and
arranged amongst subsidiaries of the Group through proper endorsements or transfers to the different subsidiaries so they can
be fully utilised to meet the Group’s payment obligations with minimal financing cost. The Group closely monitors the level
of use and the value of each of these transactions only represents an immaterial part of its total assets and undertakings. The
Directors believe that these policies promote the efficient use of the Group’s financial resources.

In addition, the treasury policies of the Group also include mechanisms to mitigate its foreign exchange risks. The Group mainly
operates in the PRC with most of its significant transactions denominated and settled in RMB and in US Dollars (“USD”). The
exchange rate fluctuations between the RMB and the USD or the RMB and the Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”), the reporting
currency of the Group, could affect the Group’s performance and asset value. The Directors do not foresee the Group is subject
to any significant foreign exchange risk for transactions conducted in HKD or USD. The exchange rate fluctuations between the
Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) and the HKD could also affect the Group’s performance and asset value.

Because of the depreciation in the exchange rate of the RMB during the year, the Group reported non-cash translation
decreases in the exchange reserve of its consolidated balance sheet — when converting RMB-denominated assets into HKD.
For the year ended 31 December 2022, an exchanges reserve decrease of HK$4,410.6 million was recorded as foreign currency
translation reserve movement. As a result, the balance of the consolidated foreign currency translation reserve account recorded
a debit balance of HK$2,580.2 million as of 31 December 2022, as compared to a credit balance of HK$1,830.4 million as of 31
December 2021.

Relating to the Group’s PRC business, revenue from the sales of glass products is denominated in RMB whilst most bank
borrowings are denominated in HKD. In implementing its treasury policies, the Group maintained a deliberate balance between
the currency risk and the interest savings arising from HKD-denominated bank borrowings. As of 31 December 2022, over 91%
of the bank borrowings of the Group were denominated in HKD.

The Group has not experienced any material difficulties and liquidity issues resulting from currency exchange fluctuations.
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group has not used any financial instrument for hedging purposes.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of 31 December 2022, the Group did not have any significant contingent liability (31 December 2021: Nil).


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

Save as disclosed in this announcement, there was no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies
during the year ended 31 December 2022.




16    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                               Profile of Directors and Senior Management


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (李賢義) aged 70, is the Chairman and founder, responsible for the Group’s business strategy. Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, B.B.S. has more than 32 years’ experience in the automobile glass industry. Prior to establishing the Group, Dr. LEE Yin Yee,
B.B.S. was involved in the trading of automobile parts. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. has been the member of the 10th, 11th, 12th
and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and an honorary citizen of Shenzhen
in the PRC. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. obtained a honorable doctorate degree in engineering from the Universiti Teknikal Malaysia
Melaka in November 2018. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. was appointed in December 2003 as the first chairman of Fujian Chamber
of Commerce in Shenzhen (formerly known as Shenzhen Fujian Corporate Association). Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is also the Life
Honorary Chairman of the Hong Kong Quanzhou Clans United Association and the Fukienese Association Limited in Hong Kong.
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, the executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is also the brother-in-
law of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, the Vice Chairman and executive Director and brother-in-law of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.,
the Chief Executive Officer and executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June
2004. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the chairman and executive director of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (”Xinyi Solar“), a company
listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (stock code: 0968). Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, B.B.S. was the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”), a company listed on
the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3868) from 28 May 2019 to 4 August 2020.

Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (董清波), aged 60, is the Vice Chairman and Chief Purchasing Officer, responsible for managing the
Group’s daily operations and overseeing the purchasing functions. Prior to joining us in January 2000, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor
had over 16 years’ experience in automobile parts purchase. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor was a member of the 10th Anhui Provincial
Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and a member of Nanping Municipal Committee of the
Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference in Fujian. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.,
the executive Director, brother of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., the Chief Executive Officer and executive Director, and
uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, the executive Director. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June
2004.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      17
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M , J.P. (董清世), aged 57, is the executive Director and Chief Executive Officer. Tan Sri
Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. has been with the Group for over 34 years since the inception in November 1988 and is responsible
for overseeing the Group’s daily operations. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is a standing committee member of the Guangxi
Zhuang Autonomous Regional Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, (中國人民政治協商會議廣
西壯族自治區委員會常務委員), a member of the executive committee of the All-China Federation of Industry and Commerce
(全國工商聯執行委員會委員), chairman of the Happy Hong Kong Foundation, and the president of Hong Kong Industrial &
Commercial Association, vice chairman of the China Architectural and Industrial Glass Association (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃
協會), the Third Shenzhen Municipal Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneur in September 2001 and was awarded the “Young
Industrialist Awards of Hong Kong 2006”. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. graduated from the Sun Yat-Sen University with
an executive master degree of business administration in 2007. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the brother-in-law of Dr.
LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., brother of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, all of them are the executive Directors.
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai,
J.P. is the vice chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Solar, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 0968), the vice chairman and executive director of Xinyi Energy, a company listed on the main board of the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 3868) and the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited (“Xinyi
Electric Storage”). a company listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (“GEM”) of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).

Mr. LEE Shing Kan (李聖根), aged 43, is the executive Director and is responsible for overseeing the overall automobile glass
operation. Mr. LEE Shing Kan joined the Company in January 2005. Mr. LEE Shing Kan holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce
from The University of Melbourne, Australia and a master’s degree in applied finance from Monash University, Australia. Mr. LEE
Shing Kan is the standing member of the Sichuan Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference
and chief supervisor of the Federation of HK Sichuan Community organisations. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was the director (2012-2014)
of Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. Mr. LEE Shing Kan has been the executive committee member and the vice chairman of the
Lok Sin Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon since 2018 and April 2020 respectively. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, B.B.S., nephew of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P., all of them are the executive Director. Mr.
LEE Shing Kan was appointed as the executive Director on 15 October 2008. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is a non-executive director of
Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).




18   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai (李清懷), aged 65, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. LI Ching Wai has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. LI Ching Wai was appointed as the
non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. SZE Nang Sze (施能獅), aged 65, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to
joining the Group, Mr. SZE Nang Sze has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. SZE Nang Sze was appointed
as the non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. LI Ching Leung (李清涼), aged 66, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2004. Mr. LI Ching
Leung was the assistant general manager of the Wuhu production complex. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. LI Ching Leung has
worked in the trading of automobile parts industry, manufacturing of plastic products and mould industry, and manufacturing
of leather products industry. Mr. LI Ching Leung was appointed as the executive Director on 25 August 2004 and was re-
designated as the non-executive Director on 14 September 2005.

Mr. NG Ngan Ho (吳銀河), aged 58, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2003. Mr. NG Ngan
Ho was responsible for overseeing the financial and purchasing matters of the Dongguan production complex. Mr. NG Ngan Ho
was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004 and was re-designated as the non-executive Director on 1 July 2007.
Mr. NG Ngan Ho is the executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
8328).




                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022    19
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. (林廣兆), aged 89, is the vice chairman of BOC International Holdings Limited, the honorary
chairman of Hong Kong Federation of Fujian Associations, the Life Honorary Chairman of Hong Kong Fukien Chamber of
Commerce, the vice chairman of Fujian Hong Kong Economic Co-operation, the Life Honorary Chairman of the Chinese General
Chamber of Commerce, the Adviser of the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association, the honorary president of the Chinese
Bankers Club of Hong Kong. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu has also been the director of Bank of China International Limited (formerly
named “BOCI Capital Limited”) since July 2002. Mr. LAM Kwong Sui has been an independent non-executive director of Fujian
Holdings Limited (stock code: 0181) since December 2003, Yuzhou Group Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 1628) since
October 2009 and Far East Consortium International Limited (stock code: 0035) since September 2011, all of them are listed on
the main board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was an independent non-executive director of China Overseas Land
& Investment Limited (stock code: 0688) from September 2003 to June 2020 and Skymission Group Holdings Limited (stock
code:1429) from November 2019 to September 2021, both of them are listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange. Mr.
LAM Kwong Siu was awarded the HKSAR Gold Bauhinia Star and Silver Bauhinia Star in 2016 and 2003, respectively. Mr. LAM
Kwong Siu was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.

Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel (王則左), aged 73, is currently a Barrister-at-Law in Hong Kong and a Chartered Arbitrator. Mr.
WONG Chat Chor Samuel, a member of several arbitration institutions, is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, a
Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, Executive Council member of the Hong Kong Society for Rehabilitation and
Crime Prevention, is the present president of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, is a member of the International Chamber
of Commerce (“ICC”) and the ICC Arbitration Committee of Hong Kong. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is also on the panels of
the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission, the Hong Kong International Arbitration Center and on the
panels of the Arbitration Commissions of Wuhan, Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration, Shanghai Court of International
Arbitration, Guangzhou and Huizhou of China. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is a member of the Peoples’ Political Consultative
Committee of Wenzhou, Zhejiang, the PRC. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel received a master degree in business administration
from Harvard University and a master and a bachelor degree in Arts from Tufts University, Massachusetts. Mr. WONG Chat Chor
Samuel was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.

Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John (陳傳華), aged 51, obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Simon Fraser
University in June 1993 and obtained a doctorate degree of ministry from Fuller Theological Seminary in 2017. Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John is currently a minister of Evangelical Free Church of China Jachin Church Limited. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John has
over 16 years of experience in accounting and investment banking industry, during which Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John had
worked in Price Waterhouse (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers) and various financial institutions and investment banks in
Hong Kong. During the period between 2003 and 2006, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was the Managing Director and the Head
of Investment Banking of Kingsway Financial Services Group Limited (“Kingsway Group”). Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was a
consultant to Kingsway Group during the period from 2006 to 2009. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a member of each of
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 1996 and
1997, respectively. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a Chartered Financial Analyst (granted by the Association for Investment
Management and Research) in September 1999. Dr.TRAN Chuen Wah, John was appointed as the independent non-executive
Director on 31 December 2012.




20   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J,P. (楊紹信), aged 67, is currently serving as a member of the 14th National Committee of the Chinese
People’s Political Consultative Conference, a Justice of the Peace in Hong Kong, a Steward of the Hong Kong Jockey Club, an
independent non-executive director of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited (stock code: HK: 1398; SH: 601398),
which is publicly listed on the Stock Exchange and the Shanghai Stock Exchange, and an independent non-executive director
of Tencent Holdings Limited (stock code: 0700) and Man Wah Holdings Limited (stock code: 1999), which are publicly listed on
the Stock Exchange. Dr. YANG Siu Shun retired from PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”) on 30 June 2015. Before his retirement,
he served as the Chairman and Senior Partner of PwC Hong Kong, the Executive Chairman and Senior Partner of PwC China
and Hong Kong, one of the five members of the Global Network Leadership Team of PwC and the PwC Asia Pacific Chairman.
Dr. YANG Siu Shun served as a Member of the Exchange Fund Advisory Committee of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, up
to 31 August 2021. Dr. YANG Siu Shun also served as a Board Member and the Audit Committee Chairman of The Hang Seng
University of Hong Kong (formerly known as Hang Seng Management College), up to 30 September 2018 and the Deputy
Chairman of the Council of Hong Kong Metropolitan University (“HKMU”) (formerly known as The Open University of Hong
Kong), up to 19 June 2019. Dr. YANG Siu Shun graduated from the London School of Economics and Political Science in 1978
and was awarded the degree of Honorary Doctor of Social Sciences by HKMU in 2019. Dr. YANG Siu Shun is a Fellow Member
of the Institute of Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
the Chartered Institute of Management Accountants. Dr. YANG Siu Shun was appointed as the independent non-executive
Director of the Company on 2 June 2022.


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. LAU Sik Yuen (劉錫源), aged 56, is the Company Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of the Group. Prior
to joining the Group in April 2003, Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had over thirteen years’ experience in auditing and financial accounting
industry. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is responsible for the Group’s financial, management and cost accounting, taxation, treasury and
investor relations strategy and operation. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers for over five years, and had
been the financial controller of a subsidiary of a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange for over three years.
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. XU Bi Zhong (許必忠), aged 54, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s logistics and
electronic glass operations. Mr. XU Bi Zhong obtained a diploma of administrative management from Shenzhen University. Prior
to joining the Group in May 2004, Mr. XU Bi Zhong worked for a float glass trading company and a float glass plant in PRC for
over twelve years.

Mr. LENG Xue Feng (冷雪峰), aged 55, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s float glass
operation. Mr. LENG Xue Feng obtained bachelor degree in silicate from Qíqíhaer Light Industrial University. Prior to joining the
Group in July 2007, Mr. LENG Xue Feng had worked in float glass manufacturing sector for eighteen years.

Mr. GUO Jian Lin (郭建林), aged 54, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s information and
technology centre and supply chain management. Mr. GUO obtained a bachelor degree in industrial management from Jiangxi
University of Finance and Economics. Mr. GUO is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Prior to
joining the Group in March 2008, Mr. GUO worked in accounting and auditing sector.

Mr. LIAO Jiang Hong (廖江洪), aged 45, is the General Manager of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s architectural
glass projects operation. Mr. LIAO Jiang Hong obtained a diploma of psychology from Chinese Academy of Sciences. He joined
the Group in April 1994.


                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     21
Corporate Governance Report


The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in the management structure and internal control
procedures of the Group for the purpose of ensuring that all business activities of the Group and the decision-making process
are properly regulated and are in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. For corporate governance purpose,
the Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set forth in Part 2 of the Appendix 14 to The Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Listing Rules”) throughout the year of
2022.

In the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the CG Code
throughout the year ended 31 December 2022.

The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. Its key responsibilities include providing
leadership and supervision to the Management with a view to protecting the Shareholders’ interests and enhancing
Shareholders’ long-term value.

The Board has established the Group’s purpose, values and strategies and was satisfied that they are aligned with the Group’s
culture. All Directors must act with integrity, lead by example, and promote the desired culture. The Board should instil and
continually reinforce across the Company’s values of “acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly”.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board closely monitored the implementation of corporate governance practice,
risk management and internal control systems to ensure the corporate value and the Company’s culture are aligned.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

One of the responsibilities of the Board is to prevent fraud and non-compliance issues, safeguard the assets of the Group
and formulate the overall business strategies for the Group. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors, four non-
executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors. Further information on the Directors is set forth on pages 17
to 21 of this annual report.

The four executive Directors are Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. and Mr. LEE
Shing Kan. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, and also the brother-in-law of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor is the elder brother of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Hence, Mr.
LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. and nephew of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P..

The four non-executive Directors are Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. LI Ching Leung and Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

The four independent non-executive Directors are Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John and Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P..

Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P., and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David were retired as the independent non-executive Director on 2
June 2022.

The Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive directors, one independent non-executive director of which has the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related finance management expertise and the independent non-executive directors represent at
least one-third of the Board.




22      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
The articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company provide that at each annual general meeting, one-third of the
Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation and that every Director shall subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years. Where there is any casual vacancy in the Board, candidates will be proposed and put forward to the
Board for consideration and approval, with a view to appointing to the Board individuals with the appropriate capabilities to fill
the casual vacancy.

All of the four non-executive Directors were appointed for a term of three years, commenced from 1 January 2023. For the
independent non-executive Directors, Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. and Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, were appointed for a
term of three years commenced from 3 February 2023. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was appointed for a term of three years
commenced from 31 December 2021 and Dr. YANG Siu Shum, J.P. appointed for a term commenced from 2 June 2022 to
31 December 2024. The Company has received written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in
respect of his independence in accordance with the independence guidelines pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors have fulfilled the independence guidelines set forth under
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the Chairman of the Group and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the Chief Executive Officer of the
Group. The Chairman is responsible for managing and providing leadership to the Board. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is responsible
for ensuring that the Group has maintained strong and effective corporate governance practices and procedures. The Chief
Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the business of the Group. With the assistance of other
members of the Board and other senior management, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. closely monitors the operating and
financial results of the Group, identifies any weakness in the operation and takes all necessary and appropriate steps to remedy
such weakness. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is also responsible for formulating the future business plans and strategies of
the Group for the Board’s approval.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      23
Corporate Governance Report


Attendance records of the Directors at board meetings and general meeting in 2022 are as follows:

                                                                                              Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                    Annual
                                                                                                    general          Board
                                                                                                    meeting      meetings

Executive Directors
     LEE Yin Yee                                                                                        1/1             5/5
     TUNG Ching Bor                                                                                     1/1             5/5
     TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                     1/1             4/5
     LEE Shing Kan                                                                                      1/1             4/5

Non-executive Directors
     LI Ching Wai                                                                                       1/1             5/5
     LI Ching Leung                                                                                     1/1             5/5
     SZE Nang Sze                                                                                       1/1             4/5
     NG Ngan Ho                                                                                         1/1             5/5

Independent non-executive Directors
     LAM Kwong Siu                                                                                      1/1             4/5
     WONG Ying Wai                                                                                      1/1             2/2
     WONG Chat Chor Samuel                                                                              1/1             4/5
     TRAN Chuen Wah, John                                                                               1/1             5/5
     TAM Wai Hung, David                                                                                1/1             2/2
     YANG Siu Shun                                                                                      0/0             3/3

During the financial year ended 31 December 2022, the Board has five meetings and majority of the Directors had attended
these meetings.

The Board is responsible for the formulation of the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, monitoring and evaluating
the operating and financial performance, the review of the corporate governance measures and supervision of the overall
management of the Group. The senior management of the Group is responsible for the implementation of the business
strategies and the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Directors have
full access to all the information of the Group in regard to the business operation and financial performance of the Group.
Senior management of the Group also provides the Directors from time to time with information on business operation of the
Group.




24      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
MECHANISM REGARDING INDEPENDENT VIEWS TO THE BOARD

The Board has implemented different ways to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board (the “Mechanism”).
The Board will conduct annual review on the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism and the results will be
presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism and the
results were satisfactory.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set forth
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors. Directors are reminded of
their obligations under the Model Code on a regular basis. The Company has made specific enquiry with the Directors and all
Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard of dealings as set forth in the Model Code throughout
the year ended 31 December 2022.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor
Samuel, Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. and Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P.. Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P.
was ceased to be the member of the Remuneration Committee on 2 June 2022. The chairman of the Remuneration Committee
is Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S..

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing the terms of the remuneration packages of and
determining the award of bonuses to Directors and senior management and reviewing and approving matters related to share
schemes. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. During the year ended 31
December 2022, one meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held and all the committee members attended this meeting.

Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the
year ended 31 December 2022 is set forth below:


                                                                                                                     Number of
In the band of                                                                                                       individuals

Over HK$14,500,000                                                                                                             4
HK$3,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                                                                   5

Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 175 to 177 in this
annual report.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     25
Corporate Governance Report


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.,
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P.. Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. and
Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David were ceased to be the member of the Audit Committee on 2 June 2022. Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. is
the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee assists the Board to review the financial information and reporting process, evaluate the effectiveness of
internal control systems and oversee the auditing processes of the Group. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2022
for reviewing the annual and interim financial results and reports as well as the financial reporting and compliance procedures,
internal control and risk management systems, scope of work and appointment of external auditors, and all the committee
members attended these meetings.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee of the Board consists of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LAM Kwong
Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel and Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P.. Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. was ceased to be the
member of the Nomination Committee on 2 June 2022. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board on a regular
basis, assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the Company, and make recommendations to the
Board regarding the appointment, retirement and re-election of Directors. The Nomination Committee was established on 29
October 2007 and its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Nomination
Committee held one meeting for annual review of board structure and diversity and the independence of the independent non-
executive Directors for the year ended 31 December 2022. All the committee members attended this meeting.




26   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
NOMINATION POLICY

When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any
existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including without limitation the
following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

–     Reputation for integrity;

–     Achieve board diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
      professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

–     Merit and contribution that candidate will bring to the Board;

–     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Listing Rules for the appointment of an independent
      non-executive Director if the proposed candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director; and

–     Able to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder
of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board.

Procedures for Shareholders’ nomination of any proposed candidate for election as a director are stated in “Mechanisms
available for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company” and disclosed in the Company’s
website.


BOARD DIVERSITY

The Board considers that its diversity is a vital asset to the business and has adopted a board diversity policy for better
transparency and governance. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The Company adopted the board
diversity policy (the “Diversity Policy”) as required by the CG Code. The Nomination Committee will discuss and agree on
measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption,
as set forth in the Diversity Policy of the Company.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   27
Corporate Governance Report


The members of the Board, who come from a variety of different backgrounds, have a diverse range of business, and
professional expertise. A majority of the Directors have more than 26 years’ experience serving as an executive officer or a
director of a company in the glass industry. The table below sets forth an analysis of the Board’s current composition based on
the measurable objectives:

Measurable objective                                 Category                                             Number of Director

Gender                                               Male                                                                   12
                                                     Female                                                                  —

Age                                                  41-60                                                                    5
                                                     Over 60                                                                  7

Based on the foregoing, the composition and diversity of the Board enable the management to benefit from a diverse and
objective external perspective, on issues raised before the Board.

Brief biographical particulars of the Directors, together with information relating to the relationship among them, are set forth
on pages 17 to 21 in this annual report.

There is no female Director in the Board of the Company for the time being. According to Rule 13.92 of the Listing Rule,
the Stock Exchange will not consider diversity to be achieved for a single gender board. Henceforth, the Board is planning to
improve the gender diversity at board level and across the workforce, and is in the process of seeking one or more suitable
candidates of different gender to join the Board as Director(s) on or before 31 December 2024.

As of 31 December 2022, among the 15,068 employees (including senior management) of the Group, the percentages of male
employees and female employees are 88% and 12%, respectively. The Board considers that the Group’s workforce (including
senior management) is diverse in terms of gender.

The Nomination Committee was of the opinion that the Board consisted of members with diversified age, cultural and education
background, professional/business experience, skills and knowledge. Further details for the diversity, including the gender
diversity, in the workforce during the year ended 31 December 2022 are set forth in the Environmental, Social and Governance
Report dated 28 April 2023 of the Company.




28    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022 have been reviewed by the
audit committee and audited by the external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Directors acknowledge that it is their
responsibilities in (i) overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Group with a view to ensure that such financial
statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group, and (ii) selecting suitable accounting policies, applying
the selected accounting policies consistently, and making prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates for the preparation
of the financial statements of the Group.

The statement of the auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements
of the Group is set forth in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 56 to 61 of this annual report.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

For the year under review, the professional fees charged by the auditors of the group companies in respect of the auditing
services is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration paid to the auditor of the Group is
solely for audit of consolidated financial statements of the Group during the year, which amounted to approximately HK$3.5
million.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of risk management and internal control
so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the operations of the Group in achieving the established corporate objectives,
safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives of the Group.

The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

–     Well-defined organisational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting lines and
      responsibilities to minimise risk of errors and abuse;

–     Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major functions and
      operations;

–     Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained staff;

–     Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date business and financial
      reporting, immediate corrective actions are taken where necessary; and

–     Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of
risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       29
Corporate Governance Report


A risk-based approach is adopted to ensure that a methodical coverage of the Group’s operations and resources are focused
on high risk areas. The internal audit team takes the lead to evaluate the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group by reviewing the major operations of the Group on a rotational basis every year. The review covers all material controls
including financial, operational, compliance controls and risk management. Review results and recommendations in the form
of written reports are submitted to the Audit Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the
internal audit team to ensure that findings previously identified have been properly resolved.

Based on the results of the internal control review for the year ended 31 December 2022 and the assessment of the Audit
Committee thereon, no significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is
satisfied that appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for the year ended
31 December 2022.


INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY

The Company has established an inside information policy which contains the guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant
employees (likely possessing the unpublished inside information) of the Group to ensure that the inside information of the
Group is to be disseminated to public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and regulation.


DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

We provide to all the Directors a comprehensive induction package which includes introduction on the business operations,
internal procedures and general policy of the Company and a summary of statutory and regulatory obligations of directors
under the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. During the year, the Directors are provided with regular updates
on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge their duties. The Directors are also encouraged to attend both in-house training and training provided
by independent service providers. During the year, all Directors participated in various trainings organised by the Company,
including the “Disclosure Obligation for Listed Companies and Officers” and “Update on the requirements under the
Hong Kong Listing Rules, Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance”.
According to the training records maintained by the Company, each Director has confirmed that he has obtained reading and
training materials during the year and has attended the trainings in relation to various aspects, including but not limited to,
director’s duties, update on Listing Rules amendments and corporate governance practices.


COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary is Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a
member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. LAU is also the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
of the Group. He assists the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the policy and procedures of
the Board are followed. He has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in 2022, in compliance with Rule
3.29 of the Listing Rules.




30    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company endeavours to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective communications with its Shareholders
and investors. In an effort to facilitate and enhance the relationships and communication, the Company has established
a shareholders communication policy. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders
communication policy and the results were satisfactory. The Company has established the following channels:

(i)     the Annual General Meeting provides a forum for the Shareholders of the Company to raise comments and exchange
        views with the Board. The Directors are available at the Annual General Meetings of the Company to address Shareholders’
        queries;

(ii)    the Company maintains a website at www.xinyiglass.com, where updated key information/news of the Group is available
        for public access;

(iii)   interim and annual results are announced as early as possible, to keep the Shareholders of the Company informed of the
        Group’s performance and operations;

(iv)    investor, analyst and media briefing are held as early as practicable after the publication of the interim and annual results;

(v)     the Company’s management may meet with Shareholders, potential investors and research analysts upon request and
        provide update of the latest business development of the Group and answer their queries in accordance with the Group’s
        Inside Information Policy;

(vi)    Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal
        place of business of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary or via e-mail to “ir@xinyiglass.com.hk”;
        and

(vii)   Shareholders may direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong,
        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.




                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       31
Corporate Governance Report


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO CONVENE A SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING

Pursuant to Article 64 of the articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company, an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”)
shall also be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not
less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such requisition shall
be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the Company for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called
by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months
after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the
requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s)
as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


INVESTOR RELATIONS

A printed copy of the memorandum and articles of association of the Company has been published on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange. There has been no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year
ended 31 December 2022.




32    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                              Report of the Directors


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
31 December 2022.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding whereas its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the production
and sales of float glass products, automobile glass products, construction glass products and a variety of related products in
the PRC and Malaysia. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in Note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.

The analysis of the Group’s performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 by operating segments is set forth in
Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 are set forth in the consolidated income statement on
page 64 in this annual report. During the financial year, an interim dividend of 40.0 HK cents per Share, amounting to a total
of approximately HK$1,614.4 million, was paid to the Shareholders in cash or partially settled by the issuance of scrip shares in
respect of scrip dividend on Wednesday, 28 September 2022.


FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend (the “Final Dividend”) of 22.0 HK cents per Share for the
year ended 31 December 2022. The recommendation of payment of the Final Dividend are subject to the approval of the
Shareholders at the AGM to be held on or before Friday, 2 June 2023. If approved by the Shareholders, it is expected that
the Final Dividend will be paid on or about Friday, 4 August 2023 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of
members of the Company on Monday, 12 June 2023.

Shareholders will be given an option to receive the Final Dividend in cash or wholly or partly in new and fully paid shares of the
Company in lieu of cash by scrip dividend. The scrip dividend scheme (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”) is subject to the Stock
Exchange granting the listing of and permission to deal in the new shares to be allotted and issued under the Scrip Dividend
Scheme.

The Company will announce separately further information on the Scrip Dividend Scheme which includes the market value
of the scrip shares under the Scrip Dividend Scheme which is expected to represent a discount to the average closing price
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days commenced on Tuesday, 6 June 2023 until
Monday, 12 June 2023 (both days inclusive) rounded down to two decimal places.


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

A business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 and its future development is set forth in the Chairman’s
Statement from pages 4 to 9 and Management’s Discussion and Analysis from pages 10 to 16 of this annual report.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     33
Report of the Directors


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the financial year are set forth in Note 18 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During year under review and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group had obtained and completed all material
licenses, certifications, permits and registration necessary for its business operations, and that the Group had complied in all
material aspects with all laws, rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group’s float glass production may generate air pollutants, waste water and other industrial waste at different stages of the
production process. To ensure compliance with the applicable PRC environmental protection laws and regulations, the Group
has implemented the following environmental protection measures:

—    Energy – Natural gas has been used as the principal energy source for the Group’s glass melting furnaces.

—    Power generation from residual heat – The Group’s float glass production plants have used the residual heat generated in
      the production processes for electricity generation.

—    Glass recycling – Scraped and unused glass produced during the production process have been recycled to the glass
      melting furnaces for production of float glass products.

Over the past few years, the Group has owned in one wind farm project in Anhui Province several small solar farm projects
inside the production complexes, which can help to improve air quality and the environment by reducing the consumption of
fossil fuels and emission of carbon dioxide.

In March 2019, the Group passed the Green Finance Certification of the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency and was
awarded the Pre-issuance Stage Certificate for Green Finance, confirming that the Group’s energy saving Low-e coating
architectural glass projects meet the requirements of green projects. The Group will actively promote financial innovation,
increase the exploration of green finance, expand the Group’s funding channels through green financing, and ensure our
sustainable development.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”) REPORT

The Group is in the process of preparing its ESG report for the year ended 31 December 2022 and will publish it on the Stock
Exchange’s website and the Company’s website on or before 28 April 2023.




34    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES

The Group values relationships with, and have been maintaining good relationships with its customers, raw material and
equipment suppliers, logistics service providers and the employees of the Group. During the year ended 31 December 2022,
there were no material dispute between the Group and its customers, suppliers and employees.

Customers are the Company’s greatest assets. Xinyi Glass is committed to the production of quality float glass, automobile
glass and architectural glass, with great emphasis on product quality and reputation. Over the years, the Company has
already established a professional and reliable corporate image among the customers. Xinyi Glass has been maintaining the
harmonious partnership of equal footing, honest cooperation and mutual benefits with suppliers. Supplier management has
been standardised. Supplier assessment system has been improved through tendering and procurement. This is to create a fair
and just competition environment for suppliers. Xinyi Glass adheres to the philosophy of “People-Oriented” and is committed to
providing the employees with a safe and healthy work environment. The staff members are encouraged to show their creativity
and potential, realising the co-development of the staff and the enterprise.


PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINIES

The business performance of the Group is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties:


Float glass business
—     The levels of demand and supply of float glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and are generally affected by
      construction and building materials industries, the overall macroeconomic factors in the principal property market, and the
      production capacity of other float glass manufacturers.

—     The Group may not be able to adjust its production levels promptly in response to the changing market environment and
      as a result, any unbalance between the demand and supply of float glass could create significant pressure on the selling
      prices.

—     As a float glass manufacturer, the Group follows the technology development which may cause demand for its float glass
      products to be reduced significantly.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The PRC environmental policies on air emission would affect the industry capacity and production costs.

—     The lockdown of domestic and overseas economies by COVID-19 pandemic would affect the domestic and overseas sales.


Automobile glass business
—     The international trade war or extra import tariff or anti-dumping tax would affect the overseas sales.

—     The fluctuation of USD exchange rate would affect the overseas demand.

—     The international oil price would affect the transportation cost.

—     The lockdown of domestic and overseas economies by COVID-19 pandemic would affect the domestic and overseas sales.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   35
Report of the Directors


Architectural glass business
—     The PRC property and financial policies would affect the demand of the architectural glass.

—     The levels of demand and supply of architectural glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and generally affected by
      the property and building industries.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The lockdown of domestic and overseas economies by COVID-19 pandemic would affect the domestic and overseas sales.

All of the above factors could adversely and materially affect the Group’s operating results and profitability.

Details of the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange and other financial risks are set forth in the section headed “Treasury
Policies and Exposure to Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates” in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 16
and section headed “Financial Risk Management” in the consolidated financial statements from pages 92 to 100 of this annual
report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the operating results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set forth in the
section headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report.


INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Details of this movement in investment properties of the Group during the year are set forth in Note 7 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year under review are set forth in Note 6 to
the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


DONATIONS

Donations by the Group for charitable and other purposes during the financial year amounted to HK$9,837,000 (2021:
HK$14,963,000).


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year under review are set forth in Note 17 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




36    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, as of 31 December 2022, share premium amounting to HK$1,283.0 million
(2021: Nil) was distributable to Shareholders, subject to the condition that immediately following the date on which the
distribution or dividend is proposed to be made, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of
business.

As of 31 December 2022, the Company had distributable reserves available for distribution to Shareholders amounting to
HK$80.2 million (2021: HK$788.6 million) other than mentioned above.


DIVIDEND POLICY

In considering the payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and strike a proper balance between future business growth and rewarding the Shareholders of the Company.

Provided that the daily working capital needs of the Group can be satisfied and funding has been reserved for future
development, the Company intends to maintain a relatively stable dividend distribution ratio. However, the Company’s dividend
distribution record in the past does not necessarily imply that the same level of dividends may be declared or paid by the
Company in the future.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall take into account the financial performance and cash flow situation of the
Group, future expansion plans and capital requirements, interests of Shareholders, contractual restrictions on payment of
dividends, taxation considerations, statutory and regulatory restrictions, general economic conditions, business cycle of the
Group’s business and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

The Company may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate.
Any dividend unclaimed shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Company’s Memorandum
and Articles of Association.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of this annual report were:


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (Chairman)*
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (Vice Chairman)
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. LEE Shing Kan*




                                                                              XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022   37
Report of the Directors


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai
Mr. SZE Nang Sze
Mr. LI Ching Leung
Mr. NG Ngan Ho*


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel*
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. (retired on 2 June 2022)
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John
Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David (retired on 2 June 2022)
Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. (appointed on 2 June 2022)

*       The Directors will retire from the directorship at the forthcoming AGM pursuant to Article 108 of the Company’s articles of association
        and all of them are being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


DIRECTORS‘ SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has entered or has proposed to enter into any
service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which is not determinable by the Company within
one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS‘ REMUNERATION

The Company‘s policies concerning remuneration of the executive Directors are:

(i)     the amount of remuneration is determined on the basis of the relevant executive Director‘s experience, responsibility,
        workload and the time devoted to the Group;

(ii)    non-cash benefits may be provided to the executive Directors under their remuneration package;

(iii)   the executive Directors may be granted, at the discretion of the board of Directors, options pursuant to the share option
        scheme, as part of their remuneration package; and

(iv)    annual director fee of HK$300,000 for the year ended 31 December 2022, and HK$300,000 for the year ending 31
        December 2023.




38      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each non-executive Director in 2022, none of the non-executive Directors
received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature) from the Group.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each independent non-executive Director in 2022, none of the independent
non-executive Directors received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature)
from the Group. Such emoluments were determined with reference to the duties and responsibilities of Mr. LAM Kwong Siu,
G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P., Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John, Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David
and Dr. YANG Siu Shun, J.P. and their mutual agreement with the Company.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS

No contracts, transactions and arrangements of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
financial year or at any time during the financial year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the financial year.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 18 January 2015 (the”Share Option Scheme”) for the purpose of
providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who have contributed to the success of the Group’s operations. A
summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is as follows:

(i)    Purpose

       The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to,
       rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the participants (as defined below) and for such
       other purposes as the Directors may approve from time to time.

(ii)   Participants

       For the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, participants (the “Participants”) include (i) any employees (whether full-
       time or part-time) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, associated companies, jointly controlled entities and related
       companies from time to time (collectively, the “Extended Group”); (ii) any directors (whether executive directors or non-
       executive directors or independent non-executive directors) of the Extended Group; (iii) customers of the Extended Group
       or any of the subsidiaries or associated companies of such customers; and (iv) any consultants, professionals and other
       advisers to each member of the Extended Group.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022       39
Report of the Directors


(iii) Maximum number of shares

       The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share
       Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% (the “Scheme
       Mandate Limit”) of the total number of Shares in issue as of 18 January 2015.

       The Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit such that
       the total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and other share
       option schemes of the Company in issue shall not exceed 10% (the “Refreshed Limit”) of the issued share capital of the
       Company on the date the refreshment of such limit is approved.

       Notwithstanding the above, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
       granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company
       shall not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company if this will result in the aforesaid 30% limit
       being exceeded.

       The total number of securities available for issue under the Share Option Scheme was 176,365,238, representing 4.29%
       of the issued share capital of the Company as of the date of this annual report.

(iv)   Maximum entitlement of each Participant

       Unless with the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting, the maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued
       upon the exercise of the options granted to each Participant (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
       of the Shares in issue.

(v)    Option period

       An option must be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to be
       determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee, which period may commence from the date on which the offer
       for the grant of the option is made, but shall end in any event not later than 10 years from the date on which the offer for
       the grant of the option is made, subject to the provisions for early termination thereof.

(vi)   Acceptance and payment on acceptance

       An option may be accepted by a Participant within 30 days from the date of the offer for the grant of the option and the
       amount payable on acceptance of the grant of an option is HK$1.

       Unless otherwise determined by the Directors and stated in the offer for the grant of options to a grantee, there is neither
       any performance target that needs to be achieved by a grantee before an option can be exercised nor any minimum
       period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.




40     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
(vii) Option price for subscription of shares

         The subscription price in respect of each Share issued under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price solely determined by
         the Directors but shall not be less than the highest of:

         (a)          the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of
                      grant, which must be a day (excluding a Saturday and Sunday) on which banks are generally open for business in
                      Hong Kong (the “Business Day”);

         (b)          the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five
                      Business Days immediately preceding the date of the grant; and

         (c)          the nominal value of a Share.

(viii) Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme

         The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing from 18 January 2015.

The following table sets forth movements in the share options of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2022:

                                                                                                                                       Number of share options
                                                     Closing
                                                 price of the
                                                  Company’s
                                                      shares
                                                 immediately
                                                  before the
                                                     date on
                                                   which the
                                      Exercise     grant was
                                         price         made                                                                                                            Cancelled/            At
                         Grant date      (HK$)         (HK$)    Vesting period         Exercise period      At 1/1/2022     Granted      Exercised          Lapsed       Expired      31/12/2022

Continuous contract      27/2/2018      11.74          11.94    27/2/2018-31/12/2020   1/4/2021-31/3/2022     9,533,600           —     (9,477,600)(1)           —        (56,000)            —
  employees              26/2/2019       9.53           9.70    26/2/2019-31/12/2021   1/4/2022-31/3/2023    32,185,498           —    (11,865.900)(2)   (4,697,498)           —      15,622,100
                         17/3/2020       8.82           8.27    17/3/2020-31/12/2022   1/4/2023-31/3/2024    30,695,000           —              —        (896,834)            —      29,798,166
                         2/3/2021       23.35          23.70    2/3/2021-31/12/2023    1/4/2024-31/3/2025    31,775,200           —              —       (1,094,534)           —      30,680,666
                         1/3/2022       21.80          20.75    1/3/2022-31/12/2024    1/4/2025-31/3/2026            —    35,000,000             —       (3,258,300)           —      31,741,700

Total                                                                                                       104,189,298   35,000,000   (21,343,500)      (9,947,166)      (56,000)   107,842,632


(1)      The weighted average closing price of shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$19.44.

(2)      The weighted average closing price of shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$16.75.




                                                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022                                 41
Report of the Directors


For the year ended 31 December 2022, 35,000,000 share options were granted. The fair value of the equity-settled share
options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2022 was estimated at HK$4.4005. The
value of the share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2022 is to be expensed through the Group’s income
statement over the three-year vesting period of the share options.

The fair value of share options granted by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2022 was determined in
accordance with the valuation performed by an independent valuer using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Such model
is one of the commonly used models to estimate the fair value of an option. The significant variables and assumptions used
in computing the fair value of the share options are set forth in the table below. The value of an option varies with different
variables of a number of subjective assumptions. Any change in the variables so adopted may materially affect the estimation of
the fair value of an option.

Share price at the grant date (HK$)                                                                          HK$21.80
Exercise price (HK$)                                                                                         HK$21.80
Volatility (%)                                                                                              42.9280%
Dividend yield (%)                                                                                            6.5138%
Expected share option life (years)                                                                 3 years and 6 month
Annual risk-free rate (%)                                                                                     1.0355%

The number of share options available for grant under the Share Option Scheme was 201,418,072 share options as of 1 January
2022 and 176,365,238 share options as of 31 December 2022.

The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year
ended 31 December 2022 divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the year ended 31 December 2022
is 0.62%.

During the year ended 31 December 2022, a total of 35,000,000 share options granted to the Company’s employee participants
and/or senior managers (the “Grantees”) of the Company, among of which 11,666,666 share options, representing one third
of the total share options granted, vested on 31 December 2022. Having considered that (i) such share options vested where the
performance target are satisfied during the performance period commenced from 1 January 2022 and ended on 31 December
2022, which is not less than 12 months, and (ii) the total vesting and holding period of the share options is more than 12
months, the Remuneration Committee and the Board consider that the grant of such share options with a shorter vesting period
could align the interests of the Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to the
Grantees to work towards success of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group, which is in
line with the purpose of the Share Option Scheme.




42    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
There is no clawback mechanism attached to the share options granted to the Grantees. The purpose of the Share Option
Scheme is to recognise and acknowledge the contributions the grantees had or may have made to the Group. The Share Option
Scheme also provides the grantees with an opportunity to have a personal stake in the Company with the view to satisfied the
objectives of (i) motivate the grantees to optimise their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group and (ii) attract and
retain or otherwise maintain on-going business relationship with the grantees whose contributions are or will be beneficial to
the long-term growth of the Group. Having considered that (i) the Grantees are the senior managers and the employees of
the Group who will contribute directly to the overall business performance, sustainable development and/or good corporate
governance of the Group; (ii) the grant of share options to the Grantees is a recognition for their past contributions to the
Group; and (iii) the share options are subject to the terms of the Share Option Scheme which provides for circumstances under
which the share options or any part thereof shall lapse in the event that the Grantees cease to be a senior manager and an
employee of the Group or commit a breach of the rules of the Share Option Scheme, the Remuneration Committee and the
Board consider that without additional clawback mechanism, the grant of the share options could align the interests of the
Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive to the Grantees to work towards
successes of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group, which is in line with the purpose of
the Share Option Scheme.

Saved as disclosed above, the Company did not make any grant of share options to the Directors and/or senior managers as set
forth in Rules 17.03F, 17.06B(7) and 17.06B(8) of the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2022.

Further details of the Share Option Scheme are set forth in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.


BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of Directors and senior management are set forth on pages 17 to 21 of this annual report.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      43
Report of the Directors


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’ S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS

As of 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
the underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required (a) to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the
register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies (the “Model Code”), were as follows:


INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY

Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                        percentage of the
                                                                                           Number of    Company’s issued
Name of Directors               Nature of interest                                        Shares held        share capital

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.         Interest of a controlled corporation (Note a)             744,717,542              18.12%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              50,971,198                1.24%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note b)              56,108,778                1.36%
                                Personal interest (Note c)                                135,138,987                3.28%
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor              Interest of a controlled corporation (Note d)             273,942,419                6.66%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              50,971,198                1.24%
                                Personal interest (Note e)                                 60,913,642                1.48%
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG              Interest of a controlled corporation (Note f)             253,575,016                6.17%
Ching Sai J.P.                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              50,971,198                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                           2,986,225                0.07%
                                Spouse interest (Note g)                                  215,112,871                5.23%
Mr. LI Ching Wai                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note h)             119,145,869                2.90%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              50,971,198                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                          10,459,018                0.25%
Mr. SZE Nang Sze                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note i)             118,728,902                2.88%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              50,971,198                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                          11,799,079                0.28%
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note j)              84,417,234                2.05%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              50,971,198                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                           3,183,388                0.07%
Mr. LI Ching Leung              Interest of a controlled corporation (Note k)              84,055,765                2.04%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              50,971,198                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                           9,749,387                0.23%
                                Spouse interest (Note l)                                      410,759                0.01%
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John        Personal interest                                              10,000             0.0002%
                                Spouse interest (Note m)                                       90,000              0.002%


44    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Notes:

(a)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Realbest Investment Limited (“Realbest”), a company incorporated in the
         British Virgin Islands (the “BVI“) with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(b)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Xin Yuen Investment Limited (“Xin Yuen”), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability on 17 January 2019. Xin Yuen is 100% owned by Xin Wong Investment Limited (“Xin Wong”), a company
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability. Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. and 50% owned by his spouse, Madam
         TUNG Hai Chi.

(c)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(d)      Mr. TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through High Park Technology Limited (“High Park”), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Bor.

(e)      Mr. TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam KUNG Sau Wai.

(f)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through Copark Investment Limited (“Copark”), a company incorporated
         in the BVI with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P..

(g)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam SZE Tan Hung.

(h)      Mr. LI Ching Wai’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldbo International Limited (“Goldbo”), a company incorporated in the BVI
         with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(i)      Mr. SZE Nang Sze’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldpine Limited (“Goldpine”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(j)      Mr. NG Ngan Ho’s interests in the Shares are held through Linkall Investment Limited (“Linkall”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(k)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through Herosmart Holdings Limited (“Herosmart”), a company incorporated in the
         BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(l)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam DY Maria Lumin.

(m)      Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John’s interest in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam LAM Ying.


(n)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang Holdings Limited (“Full Guang”), a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability on 19 December 2005. Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. as to 33.98%, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri
         Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai. as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%,
         Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.




                                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022         45
Report of the Directors


INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                    Class and             percentage of
                                                                                     number of shares held               the associated
                                                                                           in the associated               corporation’s
Name of associated corporation                   Name of Director                                corporation        issued share capital

Realbest (Note o)                                Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                    2 ordinary shares                      100%
Xin Wong (Note p)                                Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                     1 ordinary share                        50%
High Park (Note q)                               Mr. TUNG Ching Bor                         2 ordinary shares                      100%
Copark (Note r)                                  Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.          2 ordinary shares                      100%
Goldbo (Note s)                                  Mr. LI Ching Wai                           2 ordinary shares                      100%
Linkall (Note t)                                 Mr. NG Ngan Ho                             2 ordinary shares                      100%
Goldpine (Note u)                                Mr. SZE Nang Sze                           2 ordinary shares                      100%
Herosmart (Note v)                               Mr. LI Ching Leung                         2 ordinary shares                      100%
Full Guang (Note w)                              Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.               734,000 ordinary shares                    33.98%
                                                 Mr. TUNG Ching Bor                    350,000 ordinary shares                    16.20%
                                                 Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.     350,000 ordinary shares                    16.20%
                                                 Mr. LI Ching Wai                      120,000 ordinary shares                     5.56%
                                                 Mr. NG Ngan Ho                         80,000 ordinary shares                     3.70%
                                                 Mr. SZE Nang Sze                      110,000 ordinary shares                     5.09%
                                                 Mr. LI Ching Leung                     80,000 ordinary shares                     3.70%


Notes :

(o)       Realbest is wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(p)       Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(q)       High Park is wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Bor.

(r)       Copark is wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P..

(s)       Goldbo is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(t)       Linkall is wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(u)       Goldpine is wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(v)       Herosmart is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(w)       Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. as to 33.98%, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. as
          to 16.20%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to
          3.70%.




46        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2022, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive
of the Company had or was deemed under the SFO to have any interests or short positions in any of the Shares or the
underlying Share and debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) which was required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of
the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b)
pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As of 31 December 2022, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than Directors and chief executive of the
Company, in the Shares and the underlying Shares of the Company, as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3
of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO,
were as follows:


Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                                                 Approximate
                                                                                                                           percentage of the
Name of Substantial                                                                                        Number of       Company’s issued
Shareholders                            Nature of interest                                                Shares held            share capital

Realbest                                Registered and beneficial owner                                  744,717,542                    18.12%
High Park                               Registered and beneficial owner                                  273,942,419                     6.66%
Copark                                  Registered and beneficial owner                                  253,575,016                     6.17%
Mr. LEE Sing Din                        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note x)                    258,362,946                     6.28%
                                        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note y)                      50,971,198                    1.24%
                                        Personal interest (Note z)                                         53,602,116                    1.30%
Madam SZE Tan Hung                      Personal interest                                                215,112,871                     5.23%
                                        Spouse interest (Note aa)                                        307,532,439                     7.48%


Notes:

(x)      Mr. LEE Sing Din’s interest in the Shares are held through Telerich Investment Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability and wholly owned by Mr. LEE Sing Din, brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.

(y)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability on 19 December 2005. Full
         Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee as to 33.98%, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, JP
         as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70%,
         Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.

(z)      Mr. LEE Sing Din’s interest in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam LI Kam Ha.

(aa)     Madam SZE Tan Hung’s interest in the Shares are held through her spouse, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P.




                                                                                    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022           47
Report of the Directors


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2022, the Directors were not aware of any other person having an interests or short
positions in the Shares and the underlying Shares as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As at 31 December 2022, none of the Directors and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any controlling
shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules), if any, of the Company had any interest in a business, which competes or may
compete with the business of the Group.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2022, appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities
arising out of activities of the Group has been arranged by the Company. As of the date of this annual report, such insurance
covering remained effective.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate and
neither the Directors or the chief executive, nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe
for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentage of sales and purchases for continuing operation for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers and
suppliers are as follows:


Sales
– the largest customer                                                                                                    3.3%
– five largest customers in aggregate                                                                                     7.4%


Purchases
– the largest supplier                                                                                                    8.4%
– five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                                    23.9%


None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any interest in the share capital of the Group’s five largest
customers and five largest suppliers.




48    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
BANK BORROWINGS

The total bank borrowings of the Group as of 31 December 2022 amounted to HK$13,515.7 million (2021: HK$15,492.7
million). Particulars of the bank borrowings are set forth in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.


REWARD FOR EMPLOYEES

As of 31 December 2022, we employed 15,068 employees in the PRC, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Canada and Japan. Our employees
are remunerated with monthly salary, subject to annual review and discretionary bonuses. Our employees are also entitled,
subject to eligibility, to retirement fund and provident fund and to participate in the Share Option Scheme. We place strong
emphasis on nurturing a continuous learning culture amongst the employees and implement a variety of programs to promote
training.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022 are set forth in Note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report. Some of these transactions also constitute “Continuing Connected
Transactions” under the Listing Rules, as identified below.


Continuing connected transactions
During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group had the following continuing connected transactions, details of which are
set out below:


1)    Sales of glass products
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 29 December 2021, the Group entered into a glass purchase
      agreement (the “Glass Purchase Agreement”) dated 29 December 2021 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of float
      glass and architectural glass products to Xinyi Solar and its subsidiaries (“Xinyi Solar Group”) by the Group for the year
      ended 31 December 2022. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under
      the Glass Purchase Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2022 is HK$46,600,000 and HK$6,781,000, respectively.
      Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of
      Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Glass Purchase Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company
      under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022     49
Report of the Directors


2)   Sales of machineries
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 29 December 2021, Wuhu Jinsanshi Numerical Control Technology
     Company Limited (“Wuhu Jinsanshi”), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a production
     equipment purchase agreement (the “Production Equipment Purchase Agreement”) dated 29 December 2021 with
     a member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production equipment and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar Group
     by Wuhu Jinsanshi for the year ended 31 December 2022. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the
     transactions contemplated under the Production Equipment Purchase Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2022
     are HK$287,000,000 and HK$239,435,000, respectively. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar,
     the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Production Equipment Purchase
     Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


3)   Sales of low iron silica sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 2 January 2022, the Group entered into an agreement (the “2022
     Silica Sand Purchase Agreement”) dated 31 December 2021 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of low iron silica
     sand to Xinyi Solar Group by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2022. The purpose of entering into the 2022
     Silica Sand Purchase Agreement was to reduced transportation cost and secure an additional source of supply of low
     iron silica sand in the vicinity. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under
     the 2022 Silica Sand Purchase Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2022 are RMB45,600,000 (equivalent to
     approximately HK$55,700,000) and RMB14,126,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$15,854,000), respectively. Since the
     Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar.
     Accordingly, the 2022 Silica Sand Purchase Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


4)   Purchase of Silica Sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 2 January 2022, the Group entered into an agreement (the
     “2022 Silica Sand Sales Agreement”) dated 31 December 2021 with Hepu Xinyi Mining Co., Ltd. (“Hepu Xinyi”), a
     wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinyi Solar, in relation to the purchase of silica sand from Hepu Xiniyi by the Group for the
     year ended 31 December 2022. The purpose of entering into the 2022 Silica Sand Sales Agreement was to reduced
     transportation cost and secure an additional source of supply of silica sand in the vicinity. The annual cap and the actual
     transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the 2022 Silica Sand Sales Agreement for the year ended 31
     December 2022 are RMB95,600,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$116,800,000) and RMB68,181,000 (equivalent to
     approximately HK$79,743,000), respectively. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company
     and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2022 Silica Sand Sales Agreement constitute
     continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




50   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
5)   Sales of automobile glass products
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 22 December 2021, the Group entered into a glass supply
     agreement (the “2021 Glass Supply Agreement”) with Xinyi Automobile Glass Company Limited (“Xinyi Automobile
     Glass (HK)”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to the sales of automobile glass products to Xinyi Electric
     Storage and its subsidiaries by the Group for the three years ending 31 December 2024. The annual cap and the actual
     transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the 2021 Glass Supply Agreement for the year ended 31
     December 2022 is HK$7,300,000 and HK$6,900,000, respectively. Since the controlling shareholders of the Company
     and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in
     issue, Xinyi Automobile Glass (HK) is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the 2021 Glass Supply Agreement
     constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


6)   Wind farm management services
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 6 November 2020, the Group entered into a wind farm
     management agreement (the “Wind Farm Management Agreement”) with Anhui Xinyi Power Source Company Limited
     (“Anhui Xinyi”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage for management services for the operation of the wind farm owned
     by the Group. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the Wind Farm
     Management Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2022 is RMB8,500,000 (equivalent to HK$9,900,000) and
     RMB8,000,000 (equivalent to HK$9,300,000). Since the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective
     associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Anhui Xinyi is a
     connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the Wind Farm Management Agreement constitute continuing connected
     transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


7)   Sales of steam
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 2 March 2022, the Group entered into a steam supply agreement
     (the “Steam Supply Agreement”) dated 2 March 2022 with Xinyi Power (Suzhou) Company Limited (“Xinyi Power
     (Suzhou)”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to sales industrial steam for the production requirements
     to Xinyi Electric Storage and its subsidiaries by the Group for the term commenced from 2 March 2022 and ending on
     31 December 2024. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the
     Steam Supply Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2022 is RMB2,700,000 (equivalent to HK$3,300,000) and
     RMB1,900,000 (equivalent to HK$2,200,000). Since the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective
     associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Power (Suzhou)
     is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the Steam Supply Agreement constitute continuing connected
     transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      51
Report of the Directors


8)    Purchase of electric storage products
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 8 April 2021, the Group entered into a sales of battery packs and
      energy storage systems agreement (the “XYG Sales Framework Agreement”) with Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation
      to purchase of lithium battery packs, direct-current lithium battery systems, uninterruptible power supply lithium battery
      systems, lithium battery energy storage systems and other lithium battery products from Xinyi Electric Storage and its
      subsidiaries for the year ending 31 December 2023. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions
      contemplated under the XYG Sales Framework Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2022 is RMB6,000,000
      (equivalent to HK$7,000,000) and RMB5,600,000 (equivalent to HK$6,500,000). Since the controlling shareholders of
      the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric
      Storage in issue, Xinyi Electric Storage is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the XYG Sales Framework
      Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

All independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and
confirmed that the transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   either on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
      independent third parties; and

(c)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
      the Shareholders of the Company as a whole.

In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740
“Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of
the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in pages 49 to 54 of this annual report in accordance with Rule
14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.




52    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
Continuing connected transactions after the reporting period
The Group had the following continuing connected transactions after the reporting period, details of which are set out below:


1)   Sales of glass products
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 December 2022, the Group entered into a glass purchase
     agreement (the “2023 Glass Purchase Agreement”) dated 28 December 2022 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of
     float glass and architectural glass products to Xinyi Solar Group by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2023. The
     annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the 2023 Glass Purchase Agreement for the year ending 31 December
     2023 is RMB55,800,000 (equivalent to HK$60,900,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar,
     the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2023 Glass Purchase Agreement
     constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


2)   Sales of machineries
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 28 December 2022, Anhui Xinyi Intelligent Machinery Company
     Limited (“Anhui Xinyi Machinery”), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a production
     equipment purchase agreement (the “2023 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement”) dated 28 December 2022
     with a member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production equipment and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar
     Group by Anhui Xinyi Machinery for the year ending 31 December 2023. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated
     under the 2023 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2023 is RMB351,400,000
     (equivalent to HK$383,900,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its
     subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2023 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement
     constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


3)   Purchase of Silica Sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 5 January 2023, the Group entered into an agreement (the “2023
     Silica Sand Sales Agreement”) dated 5 January 2023 with Hepu Xinyi in relation to the purchase of silica sand from
     Hepu Xiniyi by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2023. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated
     under the 2023 Silica Sand Sales Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2023 is RMB94,800,000 (equivalent
     to HK$103,600,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries
     are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Silica Sand Supply Framework Agreement constitute continuing
     connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022        53
Report of the Directors


4)   Sales of low iron silica sand
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 5 January 2023, the Group entered into an agreement (the “2023
      Silica Sand Purchase Agreement”) dated 5 January 2023 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of low iron silica sand to
      Xinyi Solar Group by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2023. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated
      under the 2023 Silica Sand Purchase Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2023 is RMB54,500,000 (equivalent
      to HK$59,500,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries
      are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Silica Sand Supply Framework Agreement constitute continuing
      connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

Please refer to section headed “Corporate Governance Report” as set forth in this annual report for details of our compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established an Audit Committee, comprising all independent non-executive Directors, with written terms of
reference in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review
and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group and to provide comments and give advice
to the Board. The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company and audited consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2022.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

For the year ended 31 December 2022, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of
the listed securities of the Company.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as of the date of this
annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float with at least 25% of the Shares held by the public as required
under the Listing Rules.


EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

Save as disclosed in the paragraphs under “Continuing connected transactions after the reporting period” above, no significant
events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2022 and up to the date of this annual report.


AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointement. A resolution will be proposed at AGM to re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers and to authorise
the Directors to fix its remuneration.



54    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The AGM will be held on Friday, 2 June 2023, at 21/F, Rykadan Capital Tower, 135 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
Hong Kong, at 11:00 a.m. The notice convening the AGM will be published on the website of the Stock Exchange at
www.hkex.com.hk and on the website of the Company at www.xinyiglass.com, and will be despatched to the Shareholders in
due course.


The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 30 May 2023 to Friday, 2 June 2023 (both days inclusive),
during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote at the
AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch
share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell
Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Monday, 29 May 2023.


The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 8 June 2023 to Monday, 12 June 2023 (both days
inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the Final Dividend, all transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong
Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 7 June 2023.




On Behalf of the Board
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman


Hong Kong, 27 February 2023




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022      55
Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

WHAT WE HAVE AUDITED
The consolidated financial statements of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which
are set out on pages 62 to 177, comprise:

•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2022;

•     the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory
      information.


OUR OPINION
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




56    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
INDEPENDENCE
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.

The key audit matter identified in our audit is related to Impairment of trade receivables.

Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables

Refer to Notes 2.10, 3.1(b), 4 and 15 to the consolidated
financial statements.

As at 31 December 2022, the carrying amount of trade               We assessed the appropriateness of the methodology of
receivables of the Group amounting to approximately                impairment assessment in determining the expected credit
HK$1,966,830,000. The Group made provision for loss                losses of trade receivables. We also considered whether
allowance of trade receivables of approximately HK$62,087,000      the judgements made in selecting the methodology of
based on an estimate of the recoverability of these receivables.   impairment assessment, significant assumptions and data
                                                                   used by management would give rise to indicators of possible
Provisions are made for loss allowance of trade receivables
                                                                   management bias.
where the Group expects the balances will not be collectible.
The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables requires     We assessed management’s assessment of the lifetime
management judgements and estimations. Where the provision         expected credit loss allowance by comparing to supportable
for loss allowance is materially different from the actual debt    evidence such as past settlement history of customers and
that is not collectible, such difference will adversely impact     historical default rates.
the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for loss
allowance in the period in which such estimate has been            We assessed management’s forward-looking information and

changed.                                                           factors in adjusting the rates of credit loss by reference to
                                                                   external market data or industry information.

                                                                   We tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of the ageing
                                                                   profile of the trade receivables used in the calculation of
                                                                   expected credit losses.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   57
Independent Auditor’s Report


Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables (continued)

The Group’s trade receivables based on shared credit risk          We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to
characteristics and ageing profiles and made provisions for        expected credit losses of trade receivables in the context of
loss allowance on trade receivables based on an assessment of      HKFRS 9.
the recoverability of overdue and long-aged trade receivables
                                                                   Based on the above, we considered that management’s
on individual customer basis and the lifetime expected credit
                                                                   judgements and assumptions in the assessment of expected
loss allowance on each group of trade receivables. The lifetime
                                                                   credit losses of trade receivables were supportable by the
expected credit loss allowance is measured based on past
                                                                   evidence obtained and procedures performed.
settlement history and the historical default rates over the
expected life of the trade receivables with similar credit risk
characteristics adjusted with current and forward-looking
information on macroeconomic factors that affects the ability of
the customers to settle the receivables.

We focus on this area because the carrying amount of the trade
receivables are significant to the consolidated balance sheet,
and the identification of doubtful debts and the measurement
of lifetime expected credit loss allowance is subject to a high
degree of judgement and estimation uncertainty, including
assessments on the default rates of customers.


OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited 2022 Annual Report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and Environmental, Social and Governance
Report 2022, which is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.




58    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.

When we read Environmental, Social and Governance Report 2022, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein,
we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and take appropriate action considering our legal rights and
obligations.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THE AUDIT COMMITTEE FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The Audit committee is responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        59
Independent Auditor’s Report


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
     higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
     or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
     in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
     to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
     disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
     concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
     and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
     achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
     the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
     and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




60   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ho Kwok Fai.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 27 February 2023




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   61
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2022




                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                         Note        2022             2021
                                                                                  HK$’000        HK$’000

Assets
Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                                        6     17,555,471    18,784,533
     Right-of-use assets                                                  6      4,225,539     4,586,664
     Investment properties                                                7      1,490,785     1,661,384
     Prepayments for property, plant and equipment,
       right-of-use assets and intangible assets                          15      920,655        475,329
     Intangible assets                                                    8       870,197        894,245
     Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income    11       27,441         25,275
     Investments in associates                                            13     9,349,334     9,482,532
     Loans to an associate                                                13       27,936         30,577
     Fixed bank deposits                                                  16     4,845,730     1,015,381
     Deferred income tax assets                                           21            —        110,802

                                                                                39,313,088    37,066,722


Current assets
     Inventories                                                          14     4,296,655     4,169,163
     Trade and other receivables                                          15     4,566,333     5,668,580
     Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss               12      734,170        314,456
     Pledged bank deposits                                                16      141,388         59,360
     Cash and cash equivalents                                            16     3,180,155     9,220,384

                                                                                12,918,701    19,431,943


Total assets                                                                    52,231,789    56,498,665

Equity
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
     Share capital                                                        17      410,910        401,866
     Share premium                                                        17     1,282,953              —
     Other reserves                                                       18     1,677,022     5,717,742
     Retained earnings                                                    18    28,601,785    28,479,039

                                                                                31,972,670    34,598,647
Non-controlling interests                                                         114,953        107,877


Total equity                                                                    32,087,623    34,706,524




62      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                                     Note             2022              2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
  Bank borrowings                                                                     20         7,721,244       10,890,056
  Deferred income tax liabilities                                                     21           468,078           454,475
  Lease liabilities                                                                   6                848            21,513
  Other payables                                                                      19            51,255           140,313

                                                                                                 8,241,425       11,506,357


Current liabilities
  Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                      19         5,396,606         4,305,662
  Current income tax liabilities                                                                   691,469         1,346,578
  Lease liabilities                                                                   6             20,230            30,867
  Bank borrowings                                                                     20         5,794,436         4,602,677

                                                                                                11,902,741       10,285,784


Total liabilities                                                                               20,144,166       21,792,141


Total equity and liabilities                                                                    52,231,789       56,498,665


The financial statements on pages 62 to 177 were approved by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2023 and were signed on
its behalf.




LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                                                  TUNG Ching Bor
Chairman                                                             Vice-chairman




The notes on pages 70 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   63
Consolidated Income Statement
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                   Note               2022           2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000        HK$’000

Revenue                                                                              5          25,745,990     30,459,120
Cost of sales                                                                       22          (17,059,615)   (14,681,992)

Gross profit                                                                                     8,686,375     15,777,128
Other income                                                                        24             663,401        614,216
Other gains - net                                                                   25             192,624        115,146
Selling and marketing costs                                                         22           (1,810,143)    (1,562,216)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                         22           (2,388,301)    (2,446,005)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                           15               (6,090)       (26,252)

Operating profit                                                                                 5,337,866     12,472,017
Finance income                                                                      26             110,850         66,374
Finance costs                                                                       26            (371,540)      (155,060)
Share of profits of associates                                                      13             922,790      1,185,743
Impairment of an associate                                                          13                   —         (67,353)

Profit before income tax                                                                         5,999,966     13,501,721
Income tax expense                                                                  27            (855,762)     (1,931,041)

Profit for the year                                                                              5,144,204     11,570,680

Profit attributable to:
     – Equity holders of the Company                                                             5,127,154     11,555,887
     – Non-controlling interests                                                                    17,050         14,793

Profit for the year                                                                              5,144,204     11,570,680

Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the
     Company during the year (expressed in Hong Kong cents per share)
     – Basic                                                                        28              126.62         286.97
     – Diluted                                                                      28              125.84         283.41




The notes on pages 70 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



64      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
               Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
                                                                                                For the Year Ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

Profit for the year                                                                                 5,144,204        11,570,680
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
  Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through
    other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                                    2,166            (3,731)
  Dilution of interest in an associate                                                                    (783)                —
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
  Currency translation differences                                                                 (3,643,230)          901,468
  Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income of investments accounted
    for using the equity method                                                                      (771,416)          188,060

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                               730,941        12,656,477

Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
  – Equity holders of the Company                                                                     718,653        12,641,089
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                          12,288             15,388

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                               730,941        12,656,477




The notes on pages 70 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       65
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022




                                                                 Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                     Non-
                                                              Share        Share        Other      Retained                    controlling        Total
                                                    Note     capital    premium       reserves      earnings          Total      interests       equity
                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

Balance at 1 January 2022                                   401,866            —     5,717,742    28,479,039    34,598,647        107,877    34,706,524

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                              —             —            —      5,127,154     5,127,154         17,050     5,144,204
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair
  value through other comprehensive income           11          —             —         2,166            —           2,166            —          2,166
Dilution of interest in an associate                             —             —          (783)           —            (783)           —           (783)
Currency translation differences                                 —             —    (3,638,468)           —     (3,638,468)        (4,762)   (3,643,230)
Share of other comprehensive loss
  of investments accounted for using
  the equity method                                  13          —             —      (771,416)           —       (771,416)            —       (771,416)

Total comprehensive income                                       —             —    (4,408,501)    5,127,154      718,653          12,288      730,941

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                     17(A)     2,134      262,309       (40,439)           —       224,004              —       224,004
  – value of employee services                      17(A)        —             —        84,481            —          84,481            —        84,481
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture
       of share options                                          —             —          (111)         111              —             —             —
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip
  dividend of 2022 interim dividend                           6,910    1,020,644            —             —      1,027,554             —      1,027,554
Transfer to reserve                                 18(a)        —             —       323,850      (323,850)            —             —             —
Dividends relating to 2021                                       —             —            —     (3,066,274)   (3,066,274)            —     (3,066,274)
Dividends relating to 2022                           29          —             —            —     (1,614,395)   (1,614,395)            —     (1,614,395)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                        —             —            —             —              —         (5,212)       (5,212)

Total transactions with owners                                9,044    1,282,953       367,781    (5,004,408)   (3,344,630)        (5,212)   (3,349,842)

Balance at 31 December 2022                                 410,910    1,282,953     1,677,022    28,601,785    31,972,670        114,953    32,087,623




66      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                   Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                       Non-
                                                              Share         Share          Other       Retained                   controlling
                                                    Note     capital     premium         reserves      earnings           Total     interests   Total equity
                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000        HK$’000

Balance at 1 January 2021                                   403,950       535,560     3,661,450     23,280,614     27,881,574        91,775     27,973,349

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                              —             —              —     11,555,887     11,555,887        14,793     11,570,680
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair
  value through other comprehensive loss             11          —             —          (3,731)            —          (3,731)           —          (3,731)
Currency translation differences                                 —             —        900,873              —         900,873          595        901,468
Share of other comprehensive income
  of investments accounted for using
  the equity method                                  13          —             —        188,060              —         188,060            —        188,060

Total comprehensive income                                       —             —      1,085,202     11,555,887     12,641,089        15,388     12,656,477

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                     17(A)     1,819       240,383        (37,434)            —         204,768            —        204,768
  – value of employee services                      17(A)        —             —          64,745             —          64,745            —         64,745
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture
       of share options                                          —             —             (15)            15             —             —              —
Repurchase and cancellation of shares               17(B)    (3,903)     (775,943)         3,903      (237,035)    (1,012,978)            —     (1,012,978)
Acquisition of a subsidiary                                      —             —              —              —              —         4,481          4,481
Transfer to reserve                                 18(a)        —             —        939,891       (939,891)             —             —              —
Dividends relating to 2020                                       —             —              —     (2,512,470)    (2,512,470)            —     (2,512,470)
Dividends relating to 2021                           29          —             —              —     (2,668,081)    (2,668,081)            —     (2,668,081)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                        —             —              —              —              —         (3,767)        (3,767)

Total transactions with owners                               (2,084)     (535,560)      971,090     (6,357,462)    (5,924,016)          714     (5,923,302)

Balance at 31 December 2021                                 401,866            —      5,717,742     28,479,039     34,598,647       107,877     34,706,524




The notes on pages 70 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                  67
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended 31 December 2022




                                                                                   Note         2022          2021
                                                                                            HK$’000        HK$’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                     30(a)   8,430,622     12,778,202
Interest paid                                                                               (403,763)      (171,830)
Income tax paid                                                                            (1,289,555)   (1,659,248)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                               6,737,304     10,947,124


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                  (1,997,244)   (2,397,602)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                (52,803)            —
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                            30(b)      31,560        23,389
Additions to investment property                                                               (4,177)       (8,577)
Prepayment of intangible assets                                                             (203,800)            —
Payment for right-of-use assets in relation to land use right                               (411,622)      (607,477)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                          (652,802)      (607,469)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss             479,782       848,541
Addition to investment in an associate                                              13      (186,724)      (703,855)
Dividends received from associates                                                  13       489,629       759,405
Loan repayment from an associate                                                                   —           663
Loan advanced to an associate                                                                      —        (30,076)
Amount receivable from non-controlling interest                                                    —          4,481
Acquisition of a subsidiary arising from business combination                       33             —     (1,349,404)
(Increase)/decrease in pledged bank deposits                                                 (82,028)          158
Increase in fixed deposits                                                                 (4,083,387)   (1,015,381)
Interest received                                                                            110,850        66,374

Net cash used in investing activities                                                      (6,562,766)   (5,016,830)




68    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
                                                                                   Note               2022              2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                                    6,480,289         9,528,356
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                                    (8,416,221)       (5,618,048)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                     (32,572)          (36,471)
Shares repurchased and cancelled                                                                         —        (1,012,978)
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares by share options                                     224,004           204,768
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                                   (3,653,115)       (5,180,551)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                         (5,212)           (3,767)

Net cash used in financing activities                                                           (5,402,827)       (2,118,691)


Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            (5,228,289)        3,811,603
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                           9,220,384         5,244,554
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                              (811,940)          164,227

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                            16           3,180,155         9,220,384




The notes on pages 70 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   69
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


1    GENERAL INFORMATION

     Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) were principally engaged in
     the production and sales of float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, which were carried out internationally,
     through the production complexes located in Mainland China (the “PRC”) and Malaysia in 2022.

     The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate
     Information” section to the annual report.

     The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company are listed on
     The Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

     These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), unless otherwise stated. These
     consolidated financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2023.


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

     The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
     These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
           The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
           Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and in compliance
           with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622). The consolidated financial
           statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at fair value through
           other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (“FVTPL”) and investment
           properties, which are measured at fair values.

           The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting
           estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
           policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
           are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.


           (a)   The following new standards and amendments to existing standards are mandatory for accounting periods
                 beginning on or after 1 January 2022. The adoption of these new standards and amendments to existing
                 standards does not have any significant impact to the results and financial position of the Group:


                 Annual Improvements Project                          Annual Improvements 2018 – 2020 Cycle
                 Amendments to Hong Kong                              Narrow-scope Amendments
                   Accounting Standards (“HKAS”) 16,
                   HKAS 37 and HKFRS 3
                 HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                                Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021
                 Accounting Guideline 5 (Amendments)                  Merger Accounting for Common Control Combinations



70   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
        (b)   New standards, amendments to existing standards and interpretations have been issued but are not effective
              for the financial year beginning on 1 January 2022 and have not been early adopted:

                                                                                                                  Effective for
                                                                                                                   accounting
                                                                                                           periods beginning
                                                                                                                   on or after

              HKFRS 17                             Insurance Contract                                           1 January 2023
              HKFRS 17                             Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and                          1 January 2023
                                                     HKFRS 9 – Comparative Information
              Amendments to HKAS 1 and             Disclosure of Accounting Policies                            1 January 2023
                HKFRS Practice Statement 2
              HKAS 8 (Amendments)                  Definition of Accounting Estimates                           1 January 2023
              HKAS 12 (Amendments)                 Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities               1 January 2023
                                                     Arising from a Single Transaction
              HKAS 1 (Amendments)                  Classification of Liabilities as Current or                  1 January 2024
                                                     Non-current
              HKAS 1 (Amendments)                  Non-current Liabilities with Covenants                       1 January 2024
              HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                Lease Liability in a Sales and Leaseback                     1 January 2024
              Hong Kong Interpretation 5           Presentation of Financial Statements –                       1 January 2024
                (2020) Presentation of               Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan
                Financial Statements                 that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause
              HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                 Sale or Contribution of Assets between an                 To be determined
                (Amendments)                         Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture



              Amendments to HKAS 12 “Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
              Transaction”
              The amendments to HKAS 12 “Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction”
              (the “Amendments”) was made in June 2021. The Amendments require companies to recognise deferred tax
              on transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal amounts of taxable and deductible temporary
              differences. They will typically apply to leases of lessees and will require the recognition of additional deferred
              tax assets and liabilities. Up to 31 December 2022, the Group accounted for taxable and deductible temporary
              differences arising from lease arrangements on a net-off basis. The Group does not foresee any material
              impact as a result of adoption of the Amendments.

              There are no standards, amendments to existing standards or interpretations that are not yet effective and that
              would be expected to have a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on
              foreseeable future transactions.


                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     71
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 SUBSIDIARIES
          Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
          an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
          has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
          consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
          control ceases.


          (a)   Business combinations
                The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether
                equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                comprises the:

                •     fair values of the assets transferred,

                •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business,

                •     equity interests issued by the Group,

                •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

                •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

                Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
                limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-
                controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the
                non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.

                Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                The excess of the:

                •     consideration transferred,

                •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

                •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

                over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than
                the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised directly in
                profit or loss as a bargain purchase.

                Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
                discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental
                borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier
                under comparable terms and conditions.




72   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
        (a)   Business combinations (Continued)
              Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
              liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated
              income statement.

              If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
              held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses
              arising from such remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
              eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
              of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
              consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
              income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in
              equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.


        (b)   Changes in ownership interests
              The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
              transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
              between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests
              in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any
              consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the
              Company.

              When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control,
              joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the
              change in carrying amount recognised in the consolidated income statement. This fair value becomes the
              initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate,
              joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
              in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or
              liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified
              to the consolidated income statement or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
              applicable HKFRSs.

              If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is
              retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
              reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        73
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
          (c)   Separate financial statements
                Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs
                of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received
                and receivable.

                Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


     2.3 ASSOCIATES
          Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is
          generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are
          accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.

          Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter
          to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in the consolidated
          income statement, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other
          comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying
          amount of the investment.

          When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
          including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
          incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

          Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
          interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
          impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where
          necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

          Gains and losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

          If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share
          of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the consolidated income
          statement where appropriate.

          The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in an
          associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between
          the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount adjacent to “share of
          profits of associates” in the consolidated income statement.




74   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 SEGMENT REPORTING
       Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
       decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
       performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that makes
       strategic decisions.


    2.5 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
       (a)   Functional and presentation currency
             Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
             the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
             financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the Company’s functional and the
             Group’s presentation currency.


       (b)   Transactions and balances
             Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
             at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and
             losses resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange
             rates of monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated
             income statement. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net
             investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

             Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to borrowings are presented in the consolidated income
             statement, within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated
             income statement on a net basis within “Other gains - net”.

             Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency classified as FVOCI are
             analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other
             changes in the carrying amount of the security. Translation differences related to changes in amortised cost
             are recognised in the consolidated income statement, and other changes in carrying amount are recognised in
             other comprehensive income.

             Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets and liabilities such as equities held at FVTPL are
             recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences
             on non-monetary financial assets such as equities classified as FVOCI are included in other comprehensive
             income.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     75
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.5 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION (Continued)
          (c)   Group companies
                The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of
                        that balance sheet;

                (ii)    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                        this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                        transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                        transactions); and

                (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities,
                and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are recognised
                in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net
                investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain
                or loss on sale.

                Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
                liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.

     2.6 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          Freehold land is stated at historical cost less subsequent impairment losses.

          Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less
          depreciation and impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition
          of the items.

          Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
          only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
          of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
          derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement
          during the financial period in which they are incurred.




76   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.6 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
        Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values, over their
        estimated useful lives, as follows:

        – Buildings                                                       20-30 years
        – Plant and machinery                                             5-20 years
        – Office equipment                                                3-7 years

        The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
        period.

        Construction in progress represents buildings, plants and machinery on which construction work has not been
        completed and which, upon completion, management intends to hold for production purposes. Construction in
        progress is carried at cost which includes development and construction expenditure incurred and interest and other
        direct costs attributable to the development less any accumulated impairment losses. On completion, construction in
        progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment.

        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
        greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.9).

        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
        recognised within “Other gains - net” in the consolidated income statement.


    2.7 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
        Investment properties, principally comprising leasehold lands and office buildings, are held for long-term rental
        yields, capital appreciation or both, and that are not occupied by the Group. They also include properties that
        are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties. Investment properties are initially
        measured at cost, including related transaction costs and interest expense capitalised. After initial recognition at cost
        investment properties are carried at fair value, representing open market value determined at each reporting date by
        external valuers. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature,
        location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group uses alternative valuation
        methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow projections. Changes in fair values are
        recorded in the consolidated income statement as fair value gain or loss in “Other gains - net”.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        77
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.8 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
          (a)   Goodwill
                Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the
                amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous
                equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired.

                Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
                tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
                be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an
                entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to
                those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business
                combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at
                which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments.


          (b)   Trademark, customer relationship and patent
                Separately acquired trademarks are shown at historical cost. Trademark, customer relationship and patent
                acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Trademark, customer
                relationship and patent have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and
                impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of trademark,
                customer relationship and patent over their estimated useful lives of 3 - 20 years.


          (c)   Float glass production capacity
                Float glass production capacity acquired from external parties are recognised at fair value at the acquisition
                date. The management considered that the float glass production capacity has indefinite useful life because it
                is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. It has no foreseeable limit to the period over which
                the Group can use to generate net cash flows. The float glass production capacity will not be amortised
                until its useful life is determined to be finite. Float glass production capacity is subjected to impairment test
                annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is
                carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

                Float glass production capacity is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing.
                The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to
                benefit from the using of the float glass production capacity. The units or groups of units are identified at the
                lowest level at which float glass production capacity is monitored for internal management purposes, being
                the operating segments.




78   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.8 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
        (d)   Capitalised exploration, evaluation and mining right expenditure
              Costs directly associated with an exploration well and exploration (researching and analysing existing
              exploration data; exploratory drilling, trenching and sampling, examining and testing extraction and treatment
              methods; obtaining legal exploration or mining rights) are capitalised until the determination of reserves is
              evaluated. If it is determined that commercial discovery has not been achieved, these costs are charged to
              expense.

              Once commercial reserves are found, exploration and evaluation assets are tested for impairment and the costs
              are amortised using the units of production method according to the proved reserves. No depreciation and/or
              amortisation is charged during the exploration and evaluation phrase.

              Capitalised exploration, evaluation and mining right expenditure are tested for impairment, when reclassified
              to development tangible or intangible assets (if appropriate), or whenever facts and circumstances indicate
              impairment. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the exploration, evaluation and mining
              right expenditure’s carrying amount exceeds their recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher
              of their fair value less costs to sell and their value in use.


    2.9 IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS
        Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
        annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
        impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
        carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
        carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
        costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
        for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from
        other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
        impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   79
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.10 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
          (a)   Classification
                The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through
                      profit or loss), and

                •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                contractual terms of the cash flows.

                For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in the consolidated income statement
                or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will
                depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account
                for the equity investment at FVOCI.

                The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
                changes.


          (b)   Recognition and derecognition
                Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
                commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows
                from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all
                the risks and rewards of ownership.


          (c)   Measurement
                At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
                not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
                costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in consolidated income statement.

                Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
                cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




80   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.10 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
       (c)   Measurement (Continued)
             Debt instruments

             Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
             and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
             classifies its debt instruments:

             •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                   represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from
                   these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                   loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in the consolidated income statement and presented
                   in “Other gains - net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented
                   as separate line item in the consolidated income statement.

             •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
                   where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at
                   FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for
                   the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
                   which are recognised in consolidated income statement. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                   cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified from equity
                   to profit or loss and recognised in “Other gains - net”. Interest income from these financial assets is
                   included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                   are presented in “Other gains - net” and impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the
                   consolidated income statement.

                   Where equity security are not held for trading, an entity can irrevocably elected to present fair value
                   changes of such equity security in other comprehensive income. If an entity makes the election, changes
                   in fair value recognised in other comprehensive income will not be reclassified to profit and loss.

             •     FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or
                   loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in consolidated income
                   statement and presented within “Other gains - net” in the period in which it arises.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    81
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.10 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
          (c)   Measurement (Continued)
                Equity instruments

                The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has
                elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is
                no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the consolidated income statement following
                the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in the
                consolidated income statement as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

                Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in “Other gains - net” or “Other income”
                in the consolidated income statement as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
                equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

                Details on how the fair value of financial instruments is determined are disclosed in Note 3.3.


          (d)   Impairment
                The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
                carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has
                been a significant increase in credit risk.

                For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
                expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.


     2.11 OFFSETTING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
          Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount are reported in the consolidated balance sheet when the
          Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net
          basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent
          on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
          bankruptcy of the Company or counterparties.




82   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.12 INVENTORIES
        Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
        method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct
        costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). Costs of purchased inventory are
        determined after deducting rebates and discounts. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary
        course of business, less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


    2.13 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
        Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold in the ordinary course of business. If collection of
        trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer),
        they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

        Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
        they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade
        receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at
        amortised cost using the effective interest method.


    2.14 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
        Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term,
        highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
        amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank
        overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the balance sheet.


    2.15 SHARE CAPITAL
        Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

        Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net
        of tax, from the proceeds.

        Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid,
        including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
        Company’s equity holders until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently
        reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related
        income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.16 BORROWINGS
          Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
          carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
          is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
          method.

          Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it
          is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
          occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down,
          the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
          relates.

          Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
          cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished
          or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities
          assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

          When the terms of a financial liability are renegotiated and the entity issues equity instruments to a creditor to
          extinguish all or part of the liability (debt for equity swap), a gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss, which is
          measured as the difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability and the fair value of the equity
          instruments issued.

          Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
          liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.


     2.17 BORROWINGS COSTS
          General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
          assets are capitalised during the period of time that is required to complete and prepare the asset for its intended
          use or sale. Qualifying assets are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their
          intended use or sale.

          Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
          qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

          All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.




84   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.18 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
       The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
       on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
       attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

       The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated income
       statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
       equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


       (a)   Current income tax
             The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
             at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries and associates
             operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
             respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is
             probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances
             either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides a better
             prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.


       (b)   Deferred income tax
             Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
             the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
             However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
             Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
             transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
             nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
             Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted
             by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
             realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

             The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
             assuming the property will be recovered either through sale or through use.

             Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise
             those temporary differences and losses.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   85
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.18 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
          (b)   Deferred income tax (Continued)
                Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
                and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing of the
                reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
                future.

                Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
                in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other
                comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.

          (c)   Offsetting
                Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
                and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
                tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on
                a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


          (d)   Investment allowances and similar tax incentives
                Companies within the Group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in qualifying
                assets or in relation to qualifying expenditure (e.g. investment allowances). The Group accounts for such
                allowances as tax credits, which means that the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax
                expense. A deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that can be carried forward and when it is
                probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise the unclaimed tax credits.


     2.19 PROVISIONS
          Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognised when: the Group has a
          present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will
          be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for
          future operating losses.

          Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
          determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
          outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

          Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures required to settle
          the obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax
          rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The
          increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.




86   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.20 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
       (a)   Pension obligations
             The Group participates in a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in
             separate trustee-administered funds. The pension plans are generally funded by payments from employees and
             by the relevant group companies. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays
             fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
             contribution if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee
             services in the current and prior periods. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
             have been paid.

             The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
             recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


       (b)   Employee leave entitlements
             Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made
             for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the
             reporting period.

             Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


       (c)   Profit-sharing and bonus plans
             The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing, based on a formula that
             takes into consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
             Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a
             constructive obligation.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.21 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
          (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
                The Group operates a number of equity-settled, share-based compensation plans, under which the entity
                receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Group. The fair value
                of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The
                total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

                •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

                •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                      profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period);
                      and

                •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to save).

                The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified
                vesting conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each period, the entity revises its estimates of the number
                of options that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions. It recognises the
                impact of the revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

                When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
                attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium when the
                options are exercised.


          (b)   Share-based payment transactions among group entities
                The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
                in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
                reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
                subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity.


     2.22 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
          These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
          which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30-90 days of recognition. Trade and
          other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting
          period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
          effective interest method.




88   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.23 FINANCIAL GUARANTEE
       Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The liability is
       initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

       •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
             Instruments; and

       •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
             accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

       The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows
       between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be required
       without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.

       Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the fair
       values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


    2.24 GOVERNMENT GRANTS
       Grants from the government are recognised at their fair values where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
       will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

       Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated income statement over the
       period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

       Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are initially included in non-current
       liabilities as deferred income and they are credited to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of
       the related assets.


    2.25 REVENUE RECOGNITION
       The Group manufactures and sells glass products. Revenue from sales of glass products are recognised when control
       of the products has transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled
       obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have
       been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customers,
       and either the customers has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions
       have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

       Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract. No element of financing is
       deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 to 90 days, which is consistent with market practice.

       Receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration become
       unconditional and only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.26 LEASES
          Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
          available for use by the Group.

          Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
          lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by
          the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

          Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the
          net present value of the following lease payments:

          •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

          •      variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
                 commencement date

          •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees

          •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

          •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

          Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
          liability.

          The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
          determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
          being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
          similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

          To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

          •      where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted
                 to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

          •      uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the
                 Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

          •      makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

          If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or market
          data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a starting point to
          determine the incremental borrowing rate.




90   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.26 LEASES (Continued)
        Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
        the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
        each period.

        Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

        •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

        •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

        •     any initial direct costs, and

        •     restoration costs.

        Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
        a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
        depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

        Payments associated with short-term leases of equipment and vehicles and all leases of low-value assets are
        recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss. Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of
        12 months or less without a purchase option. Low-value assets comprise IT equipment and small items of office
        furniture.

        Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in other income on a straight-line basis
        over the lease term. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet based on their nature.


    2.27 DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
        Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial
        statements and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
        Company’s shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


    2.28 INTEREST INCOME
        Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost and financial assets at FVOCI calculated using the effective
        interest method is recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of other income.

        Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
        management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.

        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
        except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective
        interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS
          The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, and cash
          flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk, price risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
          programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on
          the Group’s financial performance.


          (a)   Market risk
                (i)    Foreign exchange risk

                       The Group mainly operates in the PRC and Hong Kong with most of the transactions denominated and
                       settled in Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”), United States dollars (“USD”) and HK$. Foreign exchange risk
                       arises from future commercial transactions, acquired assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign
                       operations. The Group manages its foreign exchange risks by performing regular reviews and arranges
                       hedges against foreign exchange exposures when considered necessary. Details of the Group’s trade
                       and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, fixed deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other
                       payables, and bank borrowings are disclosed in Notes 15, 16, 19 and 20 to the consolidated financial
                       statements.

                       As at 31 December 2022, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% (2021: 5%) against the HK$ with
                       all other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                       HK$259,000 (2021: HK$182,347,000) higher/lower mainly as a result of foreign exchange gains/losses
                       on translation of RMB-denominated cash and bank balances.


                (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

                       The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly attributable to its cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits,
                       pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings. Financial assets and liabilities at variable rates expose the
                       Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Financial assets and liabilities at fixed rates expose the Group to fair
                       value interest rate risk. Details of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged bank
                       deposits and bank borrowings have been disclosed in Notes 16 and 20 to the consolidated financial
                       statements.

                       As at 31 December 2022, if HK$ interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits,
                       pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2021: 25) basis points higher/lower with
                       all other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                       HK$25,481,000 (2021: HK$30,092,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest
                       expense on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.




92   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (a)   Market risk (Continued)
              (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)

                     As at 31 December 2022, if RMB interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged
                     bank deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2021: 25) basis points higher/lower with all
                     other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                     HK$14,833,000 (2021: HK$18,898,000) higher/lower, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest
                     income on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.

                     As at 31 December 2022, if USD interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits and
                     bank borrowings had been 25 (2021: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant,
                     profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$846,000 lower/higher (2021:
                     HK$92,000 higher/lower), mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest expense (2021: net interest
                     income) on cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.


        (b)   Credit risk
              The Group’s credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents at bank, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank
              deposits, trade and other receivables, loans to an associate and cash flows from derivative financial
              instruments. Management has a credit policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on
              an ongoing basis. The carrying amounts of these balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit
              risk in relation to financial assets which are stated as follows:

                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

              Cash and cash equivalents at bank and fixed bank deposits                          8,020,667       10,229,796
              Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                      141,388            59,360
              Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                         3,598,951         4,740,308
              Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                                       27,936            30,577

              Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                  11,788,942        15,060,041




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, most of the bank deposits are deposited with reputable banks in Hong
                Kong and state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of cash and bank balances has been assessed
                by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. The
                existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past.

                In respect of trade and other receivables and loans to an associate, the Group has policies in place to ensure
                that the loans or sales of products are made to counterparties or customers with appropriate credit history and
                the Group performs credit evaluations of these counterparties and its customers.

                The credit period of the majority of the Group’s trade receivables is within 90 days and largely comprises
                amounts receivable from business customers.

                There is limited degree of concentration of credit risks of the Group (Note 15(b)).

                In order to minimise the credit risks, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
                determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
                actions are taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount
                of each individual trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision for expected credit losses are made for
                irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

                The Group has the following financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

                •     cash and cash equivalents at bank

                •     fixed bank deposits

                •     pledged bank deposits

                •     trade and other receivables

                •     loans to an associate

                While cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged bank deposits are also subject to the
                impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.




94   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
              Trade receivables

              The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
              expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

              To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on aging.

              The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 months before 31
              December 2022 and 2021 respectively and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within
              this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
              macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

              On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 was determined as follows for trade
              receivables:

                                                                   1 - 90      91 - 180   181 - 365      1–2      Over 2
                                                                    days          days    days pass      years      years
              31 December 2022                    Current    pass due         pass due         due    pass due   pass due    Total

              Expected loss rate                     1.0%          4.2%         25.0%       37.7%       53.4%    100.0%      3.2%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)    1,642,018    248,384           24,134      17,663     26,960      7,671 1,966,830
              Loss allowance (HK$’000)              16,852     10,467            6,035       6,660     14,402      7,671    62,087


                                                                   1 - 90      91 - 180   181 - 365      1–2       Over 2
                                                                    days          days    days pass      years      years
              31 December 2021                     Current    pass due         pass due        due    pass due   pass due       Total

              Expected loss rate                     1.5%          6.7%         29.1%       57.8%       71.7%      100%      3.3%
              Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)    1,672,097    128,475           48,623       6,113      7,441      5,864 1,868,613
              Loss allowance (HK$’000)              25,028         8,592        14,166       3,536      5,337      5,864    62,523


              Movements of loss allowance of trade receivables are set out in Note 15(b).




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                Trade receivables (Continued)

                Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there
                is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a
                repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than 2
                years past due.

                Impairment losses on trade receivables and contract assets are presented as net impairment losses within
                operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
                item.

                Most of the bills receivables are issued from state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of bills
                receivables has been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the
                counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, expected
                credit loss rate of bills receivables are assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made as at 31
                December 2022 and 2021.

                For other financial assets at amortised cost, management considers that their credit risk has not increased
                significantly since initial recognition with reference to the counterparty historical default rate and current
                financial position. The impairment provision is determined based on the 12-month expected credit losses
                which is close to zero.


          (c)   Price risk
                The Group’s exposure to equity securities price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in
                the consolidated balance sheet as financial assets at FVOCI (Note 11) and financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12).

                The Group does not have formal policy to manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities.

                With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVOCI measured at fair value
                had been 10% (2021: 10%) higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31
                December 2022 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$2,744,000 (2021: HK$2,528,000).

                With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVTPL measured at fair value
                had been 10% (2021: 10%) higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31
                December 2022 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$73,417,000 (2021: HK$31,446,000).




96   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (d)   Liquidity risk
              Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities, the availability
              of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability to close out market
              positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the Group aims to maintain flexibility in
              funding by keeping committed credit lines available.

              The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
              on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
              disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
              carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                           Less than          Between 1         Between 2
                                                              1 year         and 2 years       and 5 years             Total
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

              At 31 December 2022
              Bank borrowings and
                interest payables                         6,353,795            6,091,113         1,927,662       14,372,570
              Trade and other payables
                excluding non-financial liabilities       4,173,617                 51,255               —         4,224,872
              Lease liabilities                               20,704                  665              215            21,584

              Total                                      10,548,116            6,143,033         1,927,877       18,619,026


                                                            Less than          Between 1         Between 2
                                                               1 year         and 2 years       and 5 years             Total
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

              At 31 December 2021
              Bank borrowings and
                interest payables                         4,743,390            6,699,990         4,286,017       15,729,397
              Trade and other payables
                excluding non-financial liabilities       2,831,931                140,313               —         2,972,244
              Lease liabilities                               32,977                21,124             906            55,007

              Total                                       7,608,298            6,861,427         4,286,923       18,756,648




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.2 CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
          The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
          in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
          structure to reduce the cost of capital.

          In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group will consider the macro economic conditions,
          prevailing borrowing rate in the market and adequacy of cash flows generating from operations and may raise
          funding through capital market or bank borrowings as necessary.

          Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
          calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank borrowings (including “current and
          non-current bank borrowings” as shown in the consolidated balance sheet) plus lease liabilities less cash and cash
          equivalents, fixed deposits and pledged bank deposits.

          The gearing ratios at 31 December 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

                                                                                                       2022               2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

          Total bank borrowings (Note 20) and lease liabilities (Note 6)                        13,536,758         15,545,113
          Less: cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and pledged
                  bank deposits (Note 16)                                                        (8,167,273)      (10,295,125)

          Net debt                                                                                5,369,485         5,249,988

          Total equity                                                                          32,087,623         34,706,524

          Gearing ratio                                                                              16.7%              15.1%




98   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION
       The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have
       been defined as follows:

       •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

       •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
              directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

       •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level
              3).

       The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities (other than investments properties disclosed in Note 7)
       that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2022 and 2021.

                                                                  Level 1              Level 2           Level 3            Total
                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000           HK$’000           HK$’000

       At 31 December 2022
       Assets
       Financial assets at FVOCI
         – Equity securities                                       27,441                    —                —            27,441
       Financial assets at FVTPL
         – Equity securities                                       30,212                    —                —            30,212
           – Other financial products                                   —                    —          703,958           703,958


                                                                   Level 1              Level 2          Level 3             Total
                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000

       At 31 December 2021
       Assets
       Financial assets at FVOCI
         – Equity securities                                       25,275                    —                —            25,275
       Financial assets at FVTPL
         – Equity securities                                     274,143                     —                —           274,143
           – Other financial products                                   —                    —           40,313            40,313




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3     FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

      3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Continued)
           There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year. The following table presents the changes in level 3
           item for the periods ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021:

                                                                                                Other financial
                                                                                                         products           Total
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

           At 1 January 2021                                                                                  —                —
           Acquisitions                                                                            15,892,574        15,892,574
           Disposals                                                                              (16,001,988)      (16,001,988)
           Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                    149,727        149,727

           At 31 December 2021                                                                            40,313          40,313
           Acquisitions                                                                            20,183,569        20,183,569
           Disposals                                                                              (19,722,685)      (19,722,685)
           Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                    202,761        202,761

           At 31 December 2022                                                                           703,958        703,958


           The significant unobservable input to the valuation of financial instruments as at 31 December 2022 and 2021 is net
           asset value.

           The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the balance sheet
           date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an exchange, dealer,
           broker, industry group, pricing service or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring
           market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market prices for financial assets at FVOCI and FVTPL used
           by the Group are the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

           The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
           derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
           market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs
           required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

           If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3.

           Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

           •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.

           •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the remaining
                 financial instruments.




100   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

    Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
    expectations of future events that may have a financial impact on the entity and that are believed to be reasonable under
    the circumstances.

    The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
    seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
    adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.


    (A) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
         (i)    Useful lives
                The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its
                property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of
                these assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations
                and competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions. Management will increase the
                depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down
                technically obsolete or non- strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.


         (ii)   Impairment assessment
                Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
                indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amounts have been determined
                based on value-in-use calculations, taking into account the latest market information, past experience and the
                sustainability of the financial performance in the foreseeable future.


    (B) IMPAIRMENT OF TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
          The Group makes provision for expected credit losses of trade and other receivables based on an estimate of the
          recoverability of these receivables. Provisions are applied to trade and other receivables where events or changes
          in circumstances indicate that the balances may not be collectible. The identification of impairment of trade and
          other receivables requires the use of estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
          difference will impact the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for expected credit losses in the period in
          which such estimate has been changed.

          The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
          Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based
          on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each
          reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


4     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

      (C) CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
           The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
           the worldwide provision for income taxes and the timing of the related payments. There are many transactions and
           calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the
           final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
           impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.

           Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
           tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
           income tax liabilities of the Group mainly arise from fair value gain from investment properties and unremitted
           earnings of the PRC subsidiaries. The realisability of the deferred income tax liabilities and assets mainly depends
           on its subsidiaries’ dividend pay-out ratio and whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary differences will
           be available in the future, whichever is applicable. In cases where the actual dividend pay-out ratio is more than
           expected or future profits generated are less than expected, such difference will impact the income taxes in the
           periods in which such estimates have been changed.


      (D) FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
           Investment properties are carried at their fair values at 31 December 2022 amounting to HK$1,490,785,000 (2021:
           HK$1,661,384,000). The fair values were based on valuation on these properties conducted by independent
           professionally qualified valuers using property valuation techniques which involve certain assumptions of market
           conditions. Favorable or unfavorable changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of
           the Group’s investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss recognised in the
           consolidated income statement. Information about the valuation of investment properties is provided in Note 7.


      (E) IMPAIRMENT OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIVE
           The Group tests whether intangible assets with indefinite useful live has suffered any impairment on an annual basis.
           For the 2022 and 2021 reporting periods, the recoverable amount of cash-generating units (CGUs) was determined
           based on value-in-use calculations which require the use of assumptions. The calculations use cash flow projections
           based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period.

           Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates stated in Note 8. These
           growth rates are consistent with forecasts included in industry reports specific to the industry in which each CGU
           operates. Details of key assumptions are disclosed in Note 8.




102   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION

    Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the executive directors that are
    used to make strategic decisions.

    The executive directors consider the business from an operational perspective. Generally, the executive directors consider
    the performance of business of each operating segment within the Group separately. Thus, each business within the
    Group is an individual operating segment.

    Among these operating segments, they are aggregated into three segments based on the products sold: (1) float glass; (2)
    automobile glass; and (3) architectural glass.

    The executive directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit. The Group
    does not allocate operating costs to its segments as this information is not reviewed by the executive directors.

    Sales between segments are carried out at terms mutually agreed by both parties. The revenue from external parties
    reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated income statement.

    The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
    December 2022 is as follows:

                                                                        Automobile Architectural
                                                          Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated           Total
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

    Segment revenue                                       20,152,631       6,081,282      3,076,942               —    29,310,855
    Inter-segment revenue                                 (3,564,865)              —               —              —    (3,564,865)

    Revenue from external customers (Note)               16,587,766       6,081,282       3,076,942               —    25,745,990
    Cost of sales                                       (12,165,715)     (3,023,687)     (1,870,213)              — (17,059,615)

    Gross profit                                          4,422,051       3,057,595       1,206,729               —     8,686,375

    Depreciation charge
      – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)           1,083,056         140,698         126,794            5,287    1,355,835
      – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         70,800           4,706           3,294         57,757      136,557
    Amortisation charge
      – intangible assets (Note 22)                            1,319           1,410               —              —         2,729
    Increase in provision for loss allowance,
      net (Note 15)                                            2,734           1,796           1,560              —         6,090
    Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —        922,790      922,790


    Note:

    The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2022 have been recognised at point in time.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5     SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                      Assets and liabilities
                                                                           Automobile Architectural
                                                            Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated              Total
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000

      Total assets                                          22,987,042       8,736,929      2,372,308      18,135,510       52,231,789

      Total assets included:
        Investments in associates (Note 13)                          —               —               —         9,349,334     9,349,334
        Loan to an associate                                         —               —               —           27,936         27,936
        Investment properties (Note 7)                               —               —               —         1,490,785     1,490,785
      Additions to non-current assets
        (other than financial assets at FVOCI)               1,506,945         160,005           3,687         1,166,732     2,837,369

      Total liabilities                                      2,646,151       2,557,678        579,817      14,360,520       20,144,166


      The presented segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year
      ended 31 December 2021 is as follows:

                                                                            Automobile    Architectural
                                                             Float glass          glass           glass    Unallocated            Total
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000

      Segment revenue                                       25,601,836       5,457,050      3,094,567                —      34,153,453
      Inter-segment revenue                                 (3,694,333)              —               —               —      (3,694,333)

      Revenue from external customers (Note)               21,907,503       5,457,050       3,094,567                —     30,459,120
      Cost of sales                                       (10,131,281)      (2,885,616)    (1,665,095)               —     (14,681,992)

      Gross profit                                         11,776,222       2,571,434       1,429,472                —     15,777,128

      Depreciation charge
        – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)           1,090,865         150,153         153,768             6,047     1,400,833
        – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         63,652           5,948           2,406           58,415       130,421
      Amortisation charge
        – intangible assets (Note 22)                                41          1,455               —               —           1,496
      Increase in provision for loss allowance,
        net (Note 15)                                           19,414           1,782           5,056               —         26,252
      Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —      1,185,743       1,185,743


      Note:

      The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2021 have been recognised at point in time.




104   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    The presented segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year
    ended 31 December 2021 is as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                  Assets and liabilities
                                                                       Automobile     Architectural
                                                         Float glass          glass           Glass        Unallocated         Total
                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000       HK$’000

    Total assets                                        24,773,808      6,859,595       2,342,013          22,523,249    56,498,665

    Total assets included:
      Investments in associates (Note 13)                        —              —                —          9,482,532     9,482,532
      Loan to associates                                         —              —                —             30,577        30,577
      Investment properties (Note 7)                             —              —                —          1,661,384     1,661,384
    Additions to non-current assets
      (other than financial assets at FVOCI)             3,254,413        265,969         127,210           2,613,722     6,261,314

    Total liabilities                                    3,228,410      1,354,779         554,638          16,654,314    21,792,141


    A reconciliation of segment gross profit to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                             2022             2021
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

    Segment gross profit                                                                              8,686,375          15,777,128
    Unallocated:
      Other income                                                                                     663,401             614,216
      Other gains - net                                                                                192,624             115,146
      Selling and marketing costs                                                                  (1,810,143)           (1,562,216)
      Administrative and other operating expenses                                                  (2,388,301)           (2,446,005)
      Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                            (6,090)          (26,252)
      Finance income                                                                                   110,850              66,374
      Finance costs                                                                                    (371,540)           (155,060)
      Share of profits of associates                                                                   922,790            1,185,743
      Impairment of an associate                                                                                —           (67,353)

      Profit before income tax                                                                        5,999,966          13,501,721




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5     SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      Reportable segment assets/(liabilities) are reconciled to total assets/(liabilities) as follows:

                                                                           Assets                               Liabilities

                                                                        2022                2021               2022                2021
                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000

      Segment assets/(liabilities)                               34,096,279          33,975,416           (5,783,646)         (5,137,827)
      Unallocated:
        Property, plant and equipment                             1,794,190           1,611,041                   —                   —
        Right-of-use assets                                       2,481,436           2,667,514                   —                   —
        Investment properties                                     1,490,785           1,661,384                   —                   —
        Prepayments for property, plant and
           equipment, right-of-use assets and
           intangible assets                                        208,723                3,873                  —                   —
        Intangible assets                                             28,222                   —                  —                   —
        Fixed deposits                                              102,183                    —                  —                   —
        Financial assets at FVOCI                                     27,441              25,275                  —                   —
        Financial assets at FVTPL                                   734,170             314,456                   —                   —
        Investments in associates                                 9,349,334           9,482,532                   —                   —
        Loan to an associate                                          27,936              30,577                  —                   —
        Prepayments, deposits and other receivables               1,105,938           1,159,428                   —                   —
        Cash and bank balances                                      785,152           5,567,169                   —                   —
        Other payables                                                     —                   —           (660,301)           (820,749)
        Current income tax liabilities                                     —                   —             (76,198)          (198,299)
        Deferred income tax liabilities                                    —                   —           (387,701)           (448,307)
        Bank borrowings                                                    —                   —         (13,236,320)     (15,186,959)

      Total assets/(liabilities)                                 52,231,789          56,498,665          (20,144,166)     (21,792,141)


      The amounts provided to the executive directors with respect to total assets are measured in a manner consistent with
      that of the consolidated financial statements. These assets are allocated based on the operations of the segment.




106   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Breakdown of the revenue from the sales of products is as follows:

                                                                                                         2022            2021
                                                                                                      HK$’000        HK$’000

    Sales of float glass                                                                         16,587,766       21,907,503
    Sales of automobile glass                                                                        6,081,282      5,457,050
    Sales of architectural glass                                                                     3,076,942      3,094,567

    Total                                                                                        25,745,990       30,459,120


    The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from customers located in Greater China (including Hong Kong and the PRC) and
    North America whilst the Group’s business activities are conducted predominately in Greater China. An analysis of the
    Group’s sales by geographical area of its customers is as follows:

                                                                                                         2022            2021
                                                                                                      HK$’000        HK$’000

    Greater China                                                                                17,567,008       23,699,971
    North America                                                                                    2,508,355      2,233,865
    Other countries                                                                                  5,670,627      4,525,284

                                                                                                 25,745,990       30,459,120


    An analysis of the Group’s non-current assets other than financial assets at FVOCI by geographical area in which the assets
    are located is as follows:

                                                                                                         2022            2021
                                                                                                      HK$’000        HK$’000

    Greater China                                                                                37,407,393       34,939,253
    Malaysia                                                                                         1,781,932      2,095,262
    Other countries                                                                                    96,322           6,932

                                                                                                 39,285,647       37,041,447


    None of a single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2022
    (2021: None).

    Sales of goods are recognised at a point in time when a group entity has delivered products to the customer; the customer
    has accepted the products and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES

                                         Construction     Freehold                    Plant and        Office
                                          in progress        land      Buildings     machinery     equipment          Total
                                           HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000

      Year ended 31 December 2021
      Opening net book amount             1,039,701       145,261     4,102,732     11,811,531        42,752    17,141,977
      Currency translation differences       23,636         (4,154)      68,031        224,485           816       312,814
      Business combination (Note 33)              —             —       555,799        572,733        23,217     1,151,749
      Additions                           1,616,189        28,997        42,887        514,306        43,136     2,245,515
      Transfers                          (1,213,626)           —        494,319        711,728         7,579             —
      Transfer to investment
        properties (Note7)                        —            —         (7,905)             —            —          (7,905)
      Disposals                                   —            —        (13,898)      (225,886)         (896)     (240,680)
      Depreciation charge                         —             —      (221,811)     (1,570,796)     (26,330)    (1,818,937)

      Closing net book amount            1,465,900        170,104     5,020,154     12,038,101        90,274    18,784,533

      At 31 December 2021
      Cost                                1,465,900       170,104     6,648,127     20,872,072       229,188    29,385,391
      Accumulated depreciation                    —             —     (1,627,973)    (8,833,971)    (138,914)   (10,600,858)

      Net book amount                    1,465,900        170,104     5,020,154     12,038,101        90,274    18,784,533




108   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

                                       Construction      Freehold                     Plant and         Office
                                         in progress         land      Buildings     machinery     equipment            Total
                                          HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

    Year ended 31 December 2022
    Opening net book amount              1,465,900        170,104      5,020,154     12,038,101         90,274     18,784,533
    Currency translation differences      (120,007)         (9,332)     (392,365)      (944,598)         (6,530)   (1,472,832)
    Additions                            1,593,644              —         19,755        297,285         39,041      1,949,725
    Transfers                            (2,750,275)            —        409,715      2,332,061          8,499              —
    Transfer to investment
      properties (Note 7)                        —              —        (16,901)             —              —        (16,901)
    Disposals                                    —              —           (231)       (84,601)          (329)       (85,161)
    Depreciation charge                          —              —       (219,568)    (1,348,406)       (35,919)    (1,603,893)

    Closing net book amount                189,262        160,772      4,820,559    12,289,842          95,036     17,555,471

    At 31 December 2022
    Cost                                   189,262        160,772      6,540,925     21,440,082        252,402     28,583,443
    Accumulated depreciation                     —              —     (1,720,366)    (9,150,240)      (157,366) (11,027,972)

    Net book amount                        189,262        160,772      4,820,559    12,289,842          95,036     17,555,471


    Depreciation expense of approximately HK$1,214,047,000 (2021: HK$1,271,959,000) has been charged in cost of sales,
    HK$141,788,000 (2021: HK$128,874,000) in selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses
    and HK$1,227,655,000 (2021: HK$979,597,000) has been capitalised in inventories.

    During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounted to HK$34,402,000 (2021: HK$21,277,000) on
    qualifying assets (Note 26). Borrowing costs were capitalised at the weighted average rate of its general borrowings of 3.0%
    (2021: 1.2%) per annum.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

      LEASES
      This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.


      (I)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
            The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                 2022        2021
                                                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000

            Right-of-use assets
            Leasehold lands and land-use rights                                              4,205,747   4,536,142
            Buildings                                                                          19,792      50,522

                                                                                             4,225,539   4,586,664


                                                                                                 2022        2021
                                                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000

            Lease liabilities
            Current                                                                            20,230      30,867
            Non-current                                                                           848      21,513

                                                                                               21,078      52,380




110   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT AND LEASES (Continued)

    LEASES (Continued)
    (II)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement
            The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                           2022                2021
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note)
            Leasehold land and land use rights                                                          107,065            102,958
            Buildings                                                                                    29,566             27,610

                                                                                                        136,631            130,568
            Unwinding of interest on lease liabilities (Note 26)                                           2,179              4,507


            The total cash outflow for leases in 2022 was HK$32,572,000 (2021: HK$36,471,000).

            Notes:

            Depreciation charge of HK$74,000 (2021: HK$147,000) were capitalised as direct cost of construction in progress during the
            year ended 31 December 2022 when the buildings thereon were not yet ready for production purposes. For the year ended 31
            December 2022, depreciation of the Group’s right-of-use assets amounted to HK$136,557,000 (2021: HK$130,421,000) were
            charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 22).


    (III)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
            Lands in the PRC are state-owned. The Group acquired leasehold lands from mainland China government by one-
            off prepayment with lease terms of 20 to 50 years. The leasehold lands were classified as “right-of-use assets”. The
            Group also leases various offices and warehouses. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed periods of 1 year to 5.7
            years.

            Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
            lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by
            the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                               2022                 2021
                                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000

      At 1 January                                                                                       1,661,384           1,734,122
      Currency translation differences                                                                    (138,749)             44,486
      Additions (Note)                                                                                        4,177                 8,577
      Transferred from property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                                16,901                 7,905
      Transferred from land use right                                                                           801                    —
      Fair value losses (Note 25)                                                                           (53,729)          (133,706)

      At 31 December                                                                                     1,490,785           1,661,384


      Amounts recognised in profit or loss for investment properties:

                                                                                                               2022                 2021
                                                                                                          HK$’000              HK$’000

      Rental income from operating lease (Note 24)                                                           62,406             52,769
      Fair value losses recognised in other gains, net (Note 25)                                            (53,729)          (133,706)


      The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Lease income from
      operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

      Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties are set out in Note 31.

      As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group had four investment properties located in the PRC and one investment
      property in Hong Kong. The Group obtained independent valuations from Graval Consulting Limited for four investment
      properties located in the PRC and one investment property in Hong Kong.

      Note:

      The Group had construction of basement and renovation on its existing investment property located in Shenzhen (2021: Wuhu).




112   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP
    The Group’s investment properties were valued at 31 December 2022 and 2021 by independent professionally qualified
    valuers who hold recognised relevant professional qualification and have recent experience in the locations and segments
    of the investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best use.

    The Group’s finance department reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuers for financial reporting
    purposes. This team reports directly to the chief financial officer and group senior management for discussions in relation
    to the valuation processes and the reasonableness of the valuation results.

    At each financial year end the Group’s finance department:

    •     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

    •     Assess property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report;

    •     Holds discussions with the independent valuer.

    The following table analyses the investment properties carried at their fair values, by valuation method.

                                                                                                                  2022                 2021
                                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000

    Fair value hierarchy (level 3):
      – Commercial building - Xiamen, the PRC                                                               1,187,395            1,332,436
      – Commercial building 3 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                             117,779              136,986
      – Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                           116,907              118,668
      – Office unit - Hong Kong                                                                                 65,840               70,160

    At cost
      – Commercial building 2 - Shenzhen, the PRC (Note)                                                         2,864                3,134

                                                                                                            1,490,785            1,661,384


    Note: As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the fair value of this investment property could not be reliably measured as the market for
          comparable properties was inactive due to the Group was in the process of obtaining the property ownership certificate in respect
          of property interest held. In addition, alternative for reliably measurement of fair value of the property was not available. In the
          opinion of directors, the absence of the property ownership certificate to this property interest does not impair the carrying amount
          to the Group as the Group has paid the full purchase consideration of this property interest and the probability of being evicted on
          the ground of an absence of property ownership certificate is remote.

    There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED            113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)
      Fair value measurement using significant unobservable input (level 3)

                                                               Commercial    Commercial
                                                                building -   building 3 -
                                                                  Xiamen,     Shenzhen,     Office unit -   Office unit -
                                                                  the PRC       the PRC Wuhu, the PRC       Hong Kong           Total
                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

      At 1 January 2022                                         1,332,436       136,986         118,668          70,160     1,658,250
      Currency translation differences                           (115,764)       (12,256)        (10,459)             —      (138,479)
      Additions                                                        —           4,177              —               —         4,177
      Transfer from property, plant and equipment (Note 6)             —              —          16,901               —       16,901
      Transfer from land use right                                     —              —              801              —          801
      Fair value losses (Note 25)                                 (29,277)       (11,128)         (9,004)         (4,320)     (53,729)

      At 31 December 2022                                       1,187,395       117,779         116,907          65,840     1,487,921

      Total losses for the year included in the consolidated
         income statement for assets held at the end of year      (29,277)       (11,128)         (9,004)         (4,320)     (53,729)

      Change in unrealised losses for the year included in
        the consolidated income statement for assets
        held at the end of year                                   (29,277)       (11,128)         (9,004)         (4,320)     (53,729)




114   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)
                                                             Commercial     Commercial
                                                               building -    building 3 -
                                                                Xiamen,       Shenzhen,       Office unit -   Office unit -
                                                                the PRC         the PRC     Wuhu, the PRC     Hong Kong           Total
                                                               HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

    At 1 January 2021                                         1,416,180         130,347          114,382           70,160     1,731,069
    Currency translation differences                             37,483           3,461             3,461               —       44,405
    Additions                                                         —               —             8,577               —        8,577
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment                       —               —             7,905               —        7,905
    Fair value (losses)/gains (Note 25)                        (121,227)          3,178           (15,657)              —      (133,706)

    At 31 December 2021                                       1,332,436         136,986          118,668           70,160     1,658,250

    Total losses for the year included in the consolidated
       income statement for assets held at the end of year     (121,227)          3,178           (15,657)              —      (133,706)

    Change in unrealised losses for the year included in
      the consolidated income statement for assets
      held at the end of year                                  (121,227)          3,178           (15,657)              —      (133,706)




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      INFORMATION ABOUT FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS USING SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE
      INPUTS (LEVEL 3)
                                                                                                             Range of unobservable       Relationship of
                                         Fair value at   Valuation                        Unobservable       inputs (probability-        unobservable inputs to
      Description                   31 December 2022     technique(s)                     inputs             weighted average)           fair value

      Commercial building –         HK$1,187,395,000     Based on current prices in an    Market value       HK$22,889 per square        The higher the market value,
        Xiamen, the PRC                        (2021:      active market for similar        (2021: same)       meter (2021: HK$25,685      the higher the fair value
                                    HK$1,332,436,000)      properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                           location and condition
                                                           and subject to similar lease
                                                           (2021: same)

      Commercial building 3 –         HK$117,779,000     Based on current price in an     Market value       HK$39,089 per square        The higher the market value,
        Shenzhen, the PRC                      (2021:      active market for similar        (2021: same)       meter (2021: HK$45,464      the higher the fair value
                                      HK$136,986,000)      properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                           location and condition
                                                           and subject to similar lease
                                                           (2021: same)

      Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC     HK$116,907,000     Based on current price in an     Market value       HK$9,466 per square         The higher the market value,
                                               (2021:      active market for similar        (2021: Same)       meter (2021: HK$9,609       the higher the fair value
                                      HK$118,668,000)      properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                           location and condition
                                                           and subject to similar lease
                                                           (2021: Same)

      Office unit - Hong Kong          HK$65,840,000     Based on current price in an     Recent market      HK$17,361 per square feet   The higher the market value,
                                               (2021:      active market for similar        price (2021:       (2021: HK$18,500 per        the higher the fair value
                                       HK$70,160,000)      properties in the same           same)              square feet)
                                                           location and condition
                                                                                          Level adjustment   3.5% (2021:same)            The higher the level, the
                                                           and subject to similar lease
                                                                                            (2021: same)                                   higher the fair value
                                                           (2021: same)

                                                                                          View adjustment    5% (2021: same)             The better the view, the
                                                                                            (2021: same)                                   higher the fair value


      There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.




116   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
8   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                     Float glass
                                                             Customer                production     Mining
                                      Goodwill Trademark relationship     Patent       capacity       right       Total
                                      HK$’000    HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000

    Year ended 31 December
      2021
    Opening net book amount            55,877       6,063       1,603          —        420,832          —      484,375
    Currency translation difference        —           —           —            1        12,730          —       12,731
    Business combination
      (Note 33)                            —           —           —         365        398,270          —      398,635
    Amortisation charge
      (Note 22)                            —       (1,166)       (289)        (41)           —           —        (1,496)

    Closing net book amount            55,877       4,897       1,314        325        831,832          —      894,245

    At 31 December 2021
    Cost                               55,877     20,306        5,404      8,097       831,832           —      921,516
    Accumulated amortisation
      and impairment                       —      (15,409)     (4,090)     (7,772)           —           —      (27,271)

    Net book amount                    55,877      4,897        1,314        325       831,832           —      894,245

    Year ended 31
      December 2022
    Opening net book amount            55,877       4,897       1,314        325        831,832          —      894,245
    Additions                              —           —           —           —         22,073     30,730       52,803
    Currency translation
      difference                           —           —           —          (24)      (72,844)     (1,254)    (74,122)
    Amortisation charge
      (Note 22)                            —       (1,115)       (294)        (66)           —      (1,254)      (2,729)

    Closing net book amount            55,877       3,782       1,020        235        781,061     28,222      870,197

    At 31 December 2022
    Cost                               55,877     20,306        5,404      8,097       781,061      29,456      900,201
    Accumulated amortisation
      and impairment                       —      (16,524)     (4,384)     (7,862)           —      (1,234)     (30,004)

    Net book amount                    55,877      3,782        1,020        235       781,061      28,222      870,197




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


8     INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

      Amortisation charge of HK$2,729,000 (2021: HK$1,496,000) has been included in administrative and other operating
      expenses in the consolidated income statement (Note 22).


      IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR GOODWILL
      Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operating segment. For the purposes of
      impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the automobile glass operating segment.

      The recoverable amount of the automobile glass operating segment is determined based on value-in-use calculations.
      These calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-
      year period with estimated compound annual growth rate of 3.5% (2021: 4.0%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period
      are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate of 2.0% (2021: 2.0%).

      Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in costs
      and sales prices. Future cash flows are discounted at 12.3% (2021: 12.4%) per annum. The discount rate used is pre-tax
      and reflects specific risks relating to this operating segment.

      Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of goodwill to exceed the recoverable amount.


      IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIVE
      Float glass production capacity is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operating
      segment. For the purposes of impairment testing, float glass production capacity has been allocated to the float glass
      operating segment.

      The recoverable amount of the float glass operating segment is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These
      calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year
      period with estimated compound annual growth rate of 3.0% to 5.9% (2021: 11.5% to 14.6%). Cash flows beyond the
      five-year period are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate of 2.0% (2021: 2.0%).

      Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in costs
      and sales prices. Future cash flows are discounted at 12.3% (2021: 12.4%) per annum. The discount rate used is pre-tax
      and reflects specific risks relating to this operating segment.

      Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of float glass production capacity to exceed the recoverable amount.




118   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
9   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

    Financial assets as per consolidated balance sheet
    Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 11)                                                        27,441            25,275
    Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                                       734,170           314,456
    Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                                            27,936            30,577
    Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                              3,598,951         4,740,308
    Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                           141,388            59,360
    Fixed bank deposits (Note 16)                                                           4,845,730         1,015,381
    Cash and cash equivalents (Note 16)                                                     3,180,155         9,220,384

    Total                                                                                 12,555,771        15,405,741


                                                                                                 2022              2021
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

    Financial liabilities as per consolidated balance sheet
    Liabilities at amortised cost
    Bank borrowings (Note 20)                                                             13,515,680        15,492,733
    Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities                            4,224,872         2,972,244
    Lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                                 21,078            52,380

    Total                                                                                 17,761,630        18,517,357




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2022:

                                                                                                                        Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                        of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                            shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         Principal activities    Particulars of                         held by       held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of            issued/registered         Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation               share capital               held            (%)           (%)           (%)

      Kangchen Plastic (Shenzhen)    The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      plastic products        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB3,280,000

      Shenzhen Benson Automobile     The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB140,000,000

      Dongguan Benson Automobile The PRC, limited           Manufacturing of        Registered capital of      100%             —          100%             —
        Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        US$45,980,000 and
                                                              in the PRC              total paid up capital
                                                                                      of US$22,000,000

      Xinyi Automobile Glass         The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        (Shenzhen) Company Limited     liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB364,173,022

      Xinyi Automobile Parts (Wuhu) The PRC, limited        Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              US$51,800,000

      Xinyi Glass (Tianjin)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                              architectural glass     US$126,000,000
                                                               in the PRC




120   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2022: (Continued)

                                                                                                                       Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                       of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                           shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                    Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                    incorporation/         Principal activities    Particulars of                         held by       held by    controlling
                                    establishment and      and place of            issued/registered         Interest the Company    the Group        interest
    Name                            kind of legal entity   operation               share capital               held            (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Ultra-thin Glass          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      (Dongguan) Company              liability company      float glass             paid up capital of
      Limited                                                in the PRC              US$80,000,000

    Xinyi Glass Japan               Japan, limited liability Trading of automobile Authorised and paid up      55%             —           55%           45%
      Company Limited                 company                glass in Japan          capital of 400
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     JP¥50,000 each

    Xinyi Auto Glass                Canada, limited        Trading of automobile Authorised and paid           70%             —           70%           30%
      (North America) Corporation     liability company      glass in Canada         up capital of 100,000
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     CAD0.1 each

    Xinyi Group (Glass)             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      1,000 ordinary shares      100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company      and trading
                                                             in Hong Kong

    Xinyi International             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      10,000 ordinary shares     100%             —          100%             —
      Investments Limited             liability company      and trading
                                                             in Hong Kong

    Xinyi Automobile Glass (BVI)    The British Virgin     Investment holding      Authorised and paid        100%          100%          100%             —
      Company Limited                 Islands, limited       in Hong Kong            up capital of 55,000
                                      liability company                              ordinary shares of
                                                                                     US$1 each

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu)       The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited               liability company        of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                             architectural glass     US$58,500,000
                                                              in the PRC




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2022: (Continued)

                                                                                                                           Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                           of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                               shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                       Place of                                                                               directly       shares       by non-
                                       incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                         held by       held by    controlling
                                       establishment and      and place of             issued/registered         Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                             kind of legal entity   operation                share capital               held            (%)           (%)           (%)

      Xinyi Special Glass (Jiangmen)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered capital of      100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      float glass              US$180,800,000 and
                                                                in the PRC               total paid up capital
                                                                                         of US$131,860,000

      Xinyi Glass (Jiangmen)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC               RMB2,000,000

      Xinyi Glass Engineering          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        (Dongguan) Company               liability company      architectural glass      paid up capital of
        Limited                                                 in the PRC               US$60,000,000

      Xinyi Glass (Yingkou)            The PRC, limited       Manufacturing            Registered capital of      100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      of float glass,          US$119,000,000 and
                                                                automobile glass         total paid up capital
                                                                and architectural        of US$98,999,652
                                                                glass in the PRC

      Xinyi Automobile Parts           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered capital of      100%             —          100%             —
        (Tianjin) Company Limited        liability company      automobile glass         US$57,150,000 and
                                                                in the PRC               total paid up capital
                                                                                         of US$57,150,000

      Xinyi Glass (Xiamen) Co. Ltd     The PRC, limited       Conducting research      Registered and             100%          100%          100%             —
                                         liability company      and trading of glass     paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC               HK$120,000,000

      Xinyi Electronic Glass           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
        (Wuhu) Company Limited           liability company      electronic glass         paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC                US$60,630,000




122   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2022: (Continued)

                                                                                                                       Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                       of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                           shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                   Place of                                                                               directly       shares       by non-
                                   incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                         held by       held by    controlling
                                   establishment and      and place of             issued/registered         Interest the Company    the Group        interest
    Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital               held            (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Sichuan)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing            Registered capital of      100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      of float glass,          US$99,000,000 and
                                                            automobile glass         total paid up capital
                                                            and architectural        of US$74,866,900
                                                            glass in the PRC

    Xinyi Energy Smart             Malaysia, limited      Manufacturing of         Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      (Malaysia) SDN.BHD             liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                            in Malaysia              RM$20,000,000

    Xinhe Logistics (Wuhu)         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                                                     RMB1,250,000

    Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai)     The PRC, limited       Operate wind farm        Registered and              82%             —           82%           18%
      Company Limited                liability company      for electricity          paid up capital of
                                                            generation               RMB12,195,129

    Wuhu Jinshanshi Numerical      The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and            85.66%            —        85.66%        14.34%
      Control Technology Co. Ltd     liability company      automatic                paid up capital of
                                                            machines for solar       RMB30,000,000
                                                            glass factory and
                                                            other glass related
                                                            industry

    Xinyi Glass (Bozhou)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing and        Registered capital of      100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      sales of glass           RMB 10,000,000 and
                                                            products                 total paid up capital
                                                                                     of RMB5,721,000

    Xinyi Glass (GuangXi)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and paid up     100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      float glass              capital of RMB
                                                            in the PRC               650,000,000



                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2022: (Continued)

                                                                                                                        Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                        of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                            shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                        held by       held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of             issued/registered        Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital              held            (%)           (%)           (%)

      Guangxi Xinyi Supply Chain     The PRC, limited       Provision of supply      Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
        Management                     liability company      chain services           paid up capital of
        Company Limited                                       in the PRC               RMB3,000,000

      Beihai Xinhe Logistics         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                                                       RMB1,500,000

      Xinyi (Jiangsu)                The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC               US$200,000,000

      Ultimate Luck Global Limited   The British Virgin     Investment holding       Authorised and paid        60%             —           60%           40%
                                       Islands, limited       in Hong Kong             up capital of 50,000
                                       liability company                               ordinary shares of
                                                                                       US$1each

      Xinyi Glass(Hainan)            The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered capital of     100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass              RMB19,322,075,000
                                                              in the PRC               and total paid up
                                                                                       capital of
                                                                                       RMB 19,322,075,000

      Cheer Wise Investment          Hong Kong, limited     Property and car         1 ordinary share           60%             —           60%           40%
        Limited                        liability company      parks holding
                                                              in Hong Kong




124   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
11 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

   (A) EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FVOCI
                                                                                                     2022              2021
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

       At 1 January                                                                                25,275            29,006
       Fair value gains/(losses) recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 18)                 2,166            (3,731)

       At 31 December                                                                              27,441            25,275
       Less: Non-current portion                                                                  (27,441)          (25,275)

       Current portion                                                                                  —                 —



       Classification of financial assets at FVOCI
       Financial assets at FVOCI represents equity security listed in Hong Kong - ZMFY Automobile Glass Services Limited
       (“ZMFY”) which is not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to
       recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this classification to be more
       relevant.

       The Group’s shareholding in ZMFY as at 31 December 2022 is approximately 15.17% (2021: approximately
       15.17%).


   (B) FAIR VALUE
       The fair value hierarchy of listed equity securities are categorised under level 1 (Note 3.3). The fair value of listed
       securities is based on the current bid price. These listed equity securities are denominated in HK$.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS

      (A) CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
           The Group classifies the following financial assets at FVTPL:

           •     equity investments that are held for trading,

           •     equity investments for which the Group has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through other
                 comprehensive income, and

           •     financial products that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or FVOCI.

           As at 31 December, financial assets measured at FVTPL include the following:

                                                                                                      2022               2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000

           Current assets
           PRC listed equity securities                                                             30,212            274,143
           PRC short-term financial products                                                       703,958             40,313

                                                                                                   734,170            314,456


           As at 31 December 2022, financial assets at FVTPL represent equity securities listed in the PRC (Zotye Automibile Co.
           Ltd, Tangshan Sanyou Chemical Industries Co., Ltd) and short-term financial products (“Financial Products”) issued
           by a bank in the PRC (2021: equity securities listed in the PRC which are held for trading, and which the Group
           has not elected at initial recognition to recognise in FVOCI. The Financial Products was not principal guaranteed
           nor with pre-determined or guaranteed return. As at 31 December 2022, the Group had HK$703,958,000 (2021:
           HK$40,313,000) Financial Products not been redeemed or matured.




126   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Continued)

   (B) AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT OR LOSS
         During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognised in consolidated income statement:

                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

         Unrealised fair value gains/(losses) of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                   657           (22,412)
         Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                                    49,785           199,431
         Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                202,761           149,727


   (C) RISK EXPOSURE AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
         Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 3.1(c). For information about the methods
         and assumptions used in determining fair value please refer to Note 3.3.


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

   Investments in associates
   At 1 January                                                                                  9,482,532         8,230,998
   Currency translation differences                                                                 (2,850)                 634
   Addition to interests in an associate (Note (a))                                                186,724           703,855
   Dilution of interests in an associate (Note (b))                                                 21,183                   —
   Impairment loss (Note (c))                                                                            —           (67,353)
   Share of profits of associates                                                                  922,790         1,185,743
   Share of other comprehensive (loss)/income                                                     (771,416)          188,060
   Dividends received                                                                             (489,629)         (759,405)

   At 31 December                                                                                9,349,334         9,482,532



                                                                                                      2022              2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

   Loans to an associate
     – Current portion                                                                                   —                   —
     – Non-current portion                                                                          27,936            30,577

                                                                                                    27,936            30,577




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      On 10 June 2021, Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”), an associate, recommended the declaration the payment of 2020
               final dividend of 17 HK cents per share of the company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders
               elected to receive the scrip shares of 26,869,087 shares at the market price of HK$12.74 per share, totaled HK$342,312,000.

               During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group purchased 26,460,000 Xinyi Solar’s shares at cost of HK$351,725,000 from
               the Hong Kong stock market.

               During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group purchased 2,402,000 Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”)’s shares
               at cost of HK$9,818,000 from the Hong Kong stock market.

               On 28 September 2022, Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”), an associate, recommended the declaration the
               payment of 2022 interim dividend of 7.7 HK cents per share of the company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the
               eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of 10,411,115 shares at the market price of HK$3.06 per share, totaled
               HK$31,858,000.

               During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group purchased 9,234,000 Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”)’s shares
               at cost of HK$18,638,400 from the Hong Kong stock market.

               During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Group subscribed 96 ordinary shares of Xinyi Silicon Holdings Limited (“Xinyi
               Silicon”), at cost of HK$136,228,000 representing a total of 48% of ordinary shares of Xinyi Silicon.

      (b)      In June 2022, Xinyi Energy allotted and issued 183,652,510 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group. The
               Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy was diluted, resulting in an increase in the investment of approximately HK$21,183,000,
               comprising a dilution gain of approximately HK$21,966,000 and the reclassification of currency translation loss of approximately
               HK$783,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement.

      (c)      The impairment loss relates to investment in Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited (“Beihai Yiyang”). As Beihai Yiyang had started
               loss making during the the year ended 31 December 2021 and the business licence of Beihai Yiyang will expire approximately 3
               years after 31 December 2021, The management has performed an impairment assessment based on estimated cash flow from
               Beihai Yiyang. As a result, impairment loss of HK$67,353,000 had been provided and the interests in Beihai Yiyang was written
               down to its recoverable amount of HK$12,011,000 which was equivalent to the initial investment cost.




128   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   The following is a list of the principal associates as at 31 December 2022:

                                                                                  Principal activities and
   Name                              Particulars of registered share capital      place of operation                        Interest held

   Xinyi Solar (Note (i))            Authorised capital of                        Production and sales of solar glass            23.23%
                                        HK$8,000,000,000 and total                   products in the PRC, and development
                                        paid up capital of HK$889,624,000            and operation of solar farms and
                                        (2021: HK$8,000,000,000 and total            provision of engineering procurement
                                        paid up of HK$889,076,000)                   and construction services

   Xinyi Energy (Note (ii))          Authorised capital of HK$8,000,000,000       Management and operations of                    6.05%
                                        and total paid up capital                    solar farms in the PRC
                                        of HK$74,404,000 (2021:
                                        HK$8,000,000,000 and total paid of
                                        HK$71,100,000)

   Xinyi Silicon                     Registered and paid up capital of            Production and sales of silicon                   48%
                                        RMB120,000,000                               products in the PRC

   Beihai Yiyang                     Registered and paid up capital of            Exploration, mining and trading of                45%
                                        RMB25,454,500 (2021: same)                   silica in the PRC

   Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz   Registered and paid up capital of            Exploration, mining and trading of                20%
     Sand Company Limited               RMB10,500,000 (2021: same)                   silica in the PRC

   Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke     Registered and paid up capital of            Provision of natural gas                          25%
     Natural Gas Investment             RMB10,000,000 (2021: same)                   in the PRC
     Company Limited

   Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company      Registered and paid up capital of            Mining in the PRC                                 49%
     Limited (Note (iii))               RMB50,000,000 (2021: same)




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (i)      As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
               HK$17,858,283,000 (2021: HK$27,324,826,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was HK$8,261,875,000 (2021:
               HK$8,482,124,000).

      (ii)     As at 31 December 2022, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
               HK$1,166,519,000 (2021: HK$1,839,295,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was HK$909,986,000 (2021:
               HK$956,689,000).

               During the year ended 31 December 2022 and 2021, Xinyi Energy remains a subsidiary of Xinyi Solar.

      (iii)    During January to February 2021, the Group entered into an investment agreement and subscribed for 49% ordinary shares of
               Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company Limited (“Wuxuan Xinbao”) at consideration of RMB 25,000,000. According to the investment
               agreement, the Group will transfer the 49% interests to the other investor of Wuxuan Xinbao at RMB25,000,000 at the end of a
               20-year operating period and the consideration shall be settled by Wuxuan Xinbao. Wuxuan Xinbao will pay the Group an annual
               sum of RMB 2,000,000 and the Group does not entitle to profit or loss of Wuxuan Xinbao during the 20-year operating period.
               The amount paid to Wuxuan Xinbao is classified as loan to an associate under amortised cost.

      There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in the associates.


      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES
      (a)      Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
               method:


               Summarised consolidated balance sheet
                                                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000

               Current
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       5,325,714      7,458,267
               Other current assets (excluding cash)                                                          13,782,383     13,366,313

               Total current assets                                                                           19,108,097     20,824,580
               Current liabilities                                                                            (10,610,356)   (7,446,013)
               Non-current
               Assets                                                                                         31,466,961     28,245,773
               Liabilities                                                                                     (4,733,325)   (5,726,919)

               Net assets                                                                                     35,231,377     35,897,421




130   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
         method: (Continued)


         Summarised consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                               2022              2021
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Revenue                                                                        20,544,041        16,064,655
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                   (1,552,318)       (1,174,418)
         Interest income                                                                     30,866           156,645
         Interest expense                                                                  (198,392)         (140,766)

         Profit before income tax                                                         5,180,978         6,568,321
         Income tax expense                                                                (835,212)         (987,210)

         Post-tax profit from operations                                                  4,345,766         5,581,111
         Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                               (3,695,806)          910,279

         Total comprehensive income                                                         649,960         6,491,390

         Dividend received from Xinyi Solar                                                 413,386           689,192




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
            method: (Continued)

            Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Solar presented to the carrying amount of interest in an
            associate:

                                                                                                      2022               2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

            Opening net assets                                                                  35,897,421        32,024,518
            Total comprehensive income for the year                                                649,960          6,491,390
            Transactions with owners                                                             (1,316,004)       (2,618,487)

            Closing net assets                                                                  35,231,377        35,897,421
            Less: non-controlling interests                                                      (5,482,965)       (5,585,338)

            Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Solar                            29,748,412        30,312,083

            The Group’s ownership interest                                                          23.23%            23.25%
                                                                                                 6,910,556          7,047,560
            Goodwill                                                                             1,326,374          1,409,619
            Intangible assets and other assets and liabilities                                       24,945            24,945

            Carrying amount                                                                      8,261,875          8,482,124




132   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
         method:


         Summarised consolidated balance sheet

                                                                                               2022              2021
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Current
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                        1,790,767         1,104,858
         Other current assets (excluding cash)                                            3,408,953         5,033,789

         Total current assets                                                             5,199,720         6,138,647
         Current liabilities                                                             (5,098,594)       (4,707,547)
         Non-current
         Assets                                                                          14,740,160       15,027,198
         Liabilities                                                                     (3,079,134)       (3,857,941)

         Net assets                                                                      11,762,152       12,600,357



         Summarised consolidated statement of comprehensive income
                                                                                               2022              2021
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Revenue                                                                          2,315,275         2,296,648
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (599,406)         (558,835)
         Interest income                                                                      1,594            18,875
         Interest expense                                                                  (270,343)         (188,171)

         Profit before income tax                                                         1,272,222         1,463,276
         Income tax expense                                                                (298,251)         (226,035)

         Post-tax profit from operations                                                    973,971         1,237,241
         Other comprehensive (loss)/income                                               (1,696,509)          446,793

         Total comprehensive (loss)/income                                                 (722,538)        1,684,034

         Dividend received from Xinyi Energy                                                 76,243            68,107




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
            method: (Continued)

            Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Energy presented to the carrying amount of interest in
            an associate:

                                                                                                      2022               2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

            Opening net assets                                                                  12,600,357        12,046,813
            Total comprehensive (loss)/income for the year                                        (722,538)         1,684,034
            Transactions with owners                                                              (115,667)        (1,130,490)

            Closing net assets                                                                  11,762,152        12,600,357
            Less: non-controlling interests                                                          (9,092)                —

            Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Energy                           11,753,060        12,600,357

            The Group’s ownership interest                                                           6.05%             6.06%
                                                                                                   711,060            763,582
            Goodwill                                                                               198,926            193,107

            Carrying amount                                                                        909,986            956,689


            The information above reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the associates adjusted for
            differences in accounting policies between the Group and the associates, if any.


      INDIVIDUALLY IMMATERIAL ASSOCIATES
      In addition to the interests in the material associates disclosed above, the Group also has interests in four individually
      immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                      2022               2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

      Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates                              177,473             43,718
      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
      Profit from continuing operations                                                               2,498             8,471

      Total comprehensive income                                                                        376             8,471




134   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
14 INVENTORIES

                                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000

   Raw materials                                                                             1,302,649         1,579,157
   Work in progress                                                                            283,825           349,918
   Finished goods                                                                            2,710,181         2,240,088

                                                                                             4,296,655         4,169,163


   The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to approximately
   HK$13,006,644,000 (2021: HK$10,604,436,000) (Note 22).


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                                              HK$’000           HK$’000

   Trade receivables (Note (a))                                                              1,966,830         1,868,613
   Less: provision for loss allowance (Note (b))                                               (62,087)          (62,523)

                                                                                             1,904,743         1,806,090
   Bills receivables (Note (c))                                                                743,952         2,231,792

   Trade and bills receivables - net                                                         2,648,695         4,037,882
   Prepayments, deposits and other receivables (Note (f))                                    2,838,293         2,106,027

                                                                                             5,486,988         6,143,909
   Less: non-current portion
   Prepayments for property, plant and equipment, land use right and intangible assets        (920,655)         (475,329)

   Current portion                                                                           4,566,333         5,668,580




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      The credit period granted by the Group to its customers is generally from 30 to 90 days. At 31 December 2022 and 2021, the
               ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

               0 - 90 days                                                                                1,445,061          1,484,202
               91 - 180 days                                                                                348,919            219,696
               181 - 365 days                                                                                97,583             66,943
               1 - 2 years                                                                                   60,488             52,902
               Over 2 years                                                                                  14,779             44,870

                                                                                                          1,966,830          1,868,613


               The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on due date was as follows:

                                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

               Current                                                                                    1,642,018          1,672,097
               0 - 90 days                                                                                  248,384            128,475
               91 - 180 days                                                                                 24,134             48,623
               181 - 365 days                                                                                17,663               6,113
               1 - 2 years                                                                                   26,960               7,441
               Over 2 years                                                                                   7,671               5,864

                                                                                                          1,966,830          1,868,613




136   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (a)   (Continued)

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                        2022        2021
                                                                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000

         RMB                                                                                                      943,839        735,615
         USD                                                                                                      905,432       1,032,798
         HK$                                                                                                            5,184      3,275
         Other currencies                                                                                         112,375         96,925

                                                                                                                1,966,830       1,868,613


   (b)   Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of trade receivables was as follows:

                                                                                                                        2022        2021
                                                                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000

         At 1 January                                                                                              62,523         37,444
         Currency translation differences                                                                           (3,031)          270
         Increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net                                             6,090     26,252
         Receivables written off during the year                                                                    (3,495)        (1,443)

         At 31 December                                                                                            62,087         62,523


         The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables has been included in “Net impairment loss on financial assets” in the
         consolidated income statement. The amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written off when there is no
         expectation of recovering additional cash.

         The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure provision for loss allowance which uses a lifetime expected loss
         allowance for all trade receivables. Details on the calculation of loss allowance is set out in Note 3.1(b).

         The top five customers and the largest customer accounted for approximately 19.7% (2021: 14.5%) and 8.3% (2021: 8.6%)
         of the trade and bills receivables balance as at 31 December 2022, respectively. Other than these major customers, there is no
         concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables as the Group has a large number of customers.

         The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.

   (c)   All bills receivables are issued by licensed banks in the PRC with maturities within 12 months (2021: 12 months).

   (d)   The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

   (e)   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivable mentioned above. The
         Group does not hold any collateral as security.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (f)      Nature of other receivables is as below:

                                                                                                                       2022                 2021
                                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000

               Prepayments for property, plant and equipment, land use right and intangible assets                  920,655              475,329
               Prepayment for inventories                                                                           531,982              595,657
               Prepaid expenses                                                                                     172,764              181,200
               Deposits                                                                                               2,891                2,681
               Tax recoverable (Note)                                                                               262,636              151,415
               Others                                                                                               947,365              699,745

                                                                                                                  2,838,293            2,106,027


               Note:

               Tax recoverable mainly represented value added tax (“VAT”) recoverable, which is creditable input VAT on purchase of property,
               plant and equipment offset against output VAT on sales of glass product. The balance is denominated in RMB.


16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                      2022                 2021
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000

      Total cash at bank and on hand                                                                            3,180,155            9,220,384

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 3,180,155            9,220,384
      Fixed bank deposits
            – Long-term (Note (a))                                                                              4,845,730            1,015,381


      Pledged bank deposits (Note (b))                                                                             141,388               59,360

      Total cash and bank balances                                                                              8,167,273           10,295,125


      Notes:

      (a)      The Group placed fixed bank deposits with major licensed banks in the PRC, with fixed maturities and fixed interest rates. The
               effective interest rate on long-term bank deposits was 3.4% (2021: 3.7%) per annum. Long-term bank deposits have an average
               maturity of 2.3 years (2021: 3 years).

      (b)      Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged as collateral principally as security for import duties payable to the US Customs.




138   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances and bank deposits are denominated in the following
   currencies:

                                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

   RMB                                                                                        7,255,120            9,194,657
   USD                                                                                          623,987             451,821
   HK$                                                                                          137,715             420,830
   Malaysia ringgit (“MYR”)                                                                      39,302              29,609
   Other currencies                                                                             111,149             198,208

                                                                                              8,167,273        10,295,125


   RMB and MYR are currently not freely convertible currencies in international market. The conversion of RMB and MYR into
   foreign currencies and remittance of RMB out of the PRC and MYR out of Malaysia, respectively, are subject to the rules
   and regulations of the foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government and Malaysian government.

   Cash and cash equivalents include the following for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows:

                                                                                                   2022                2021
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

   Total cash and bank balances                                                               8,167,273        10,295,125
   Less:
     – Long-term fixed bank deposits                                                         (4,845,730)       (1,015,381)
     – Pledged bank deposits                                                                   (141,388)             (59,360)

                                                                                              3,180,155            9,220,384




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM

                                                                               Ordinary
                                                             Number of        shares of       Share
                                               Note              shares    HK$0.1 each     premium         Total
                                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000

      At 1 January 2021                                   4,039,494,647        403,950     535,560      939,510

      Issue of shares under an employees
        share option scheme                     (A)         18,195,400           1,819     240,383      242,202
      Repurchases and cancellation of shares    (B)         (39,033,000)        (3,903)    (775,943)    (779,846)

      At 31 December 2021                                 4,018,657,047        401,866           —      401,866


                                                                              Ordinary
                                                            Number of         shares of      Share
                                               Note              shares    HK$0.1 each    premium          Total
                                                                             HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000

      At 1 January 2022                                   4,018,657,047        401,866           —      401,866

      Issue of shares under an employees
        share option scheme                     (A)         21,343,500           2,134     262,309      264,443
      Scrip Dividend                            (C)         69,102,480           6,910    1,020,644    1,027,554

      At 31 December 2022                                 4,109,103,027        410,910    1,282,953    1,693,863




140   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SHARE OPTIONS
       In 2005, the Company adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”). Under the Share Option Scheme,
       the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant options to any employee of the Group to subscribe
       for shares of the Company at the highest of (i) the closing price of shares of the Company as stated in the daily
       quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the day of the offer of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of
       the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding
       the day of the offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of shares. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable
       on acceptance of the grant of an option. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all
       outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option
       scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the relevant shares or securities of the Company in
       issue from time to time.

       The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
       Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue
       upon completion of the placing and the capitalisation issue of the shares of the Company, unless the Company
       obtains further approval from the shareholders.

       In March 2018, 29,600,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
       Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$11.74 per share. Options are conditional
       on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
       and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2022, in relation to the batch granted in
       March 2018, 9,478,000 (2021: 16,259,000) options were exercised, nil (2021: 1,620,000) options were lapsed and
       56,000 (2021: nil) options were expired.

       In March 2019, 33,900,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
       Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$9.53 per share. Options are conditional
       on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
       and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2022, in relation to the batch granted in
       March 2019, 11,866,000 (2021: nil) options were exercised and 4,697,000 (2021: 784,000) options were lapsed.

       In March 2020, 32,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
       Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$8.82 per share. Options are conditional
       on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
       and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2022, in relation to the batch granted in
       March 2020, a total of 897,000 (2021: 896,000) options were lapsed.

       In March 2021, 34,700,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
       Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$23.35 per share. Options are conditional
       on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
       and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2022, in relation to the batch granted in
       March 2021, a total of 1,095,000 (2021: 2,925,000) options were lapsed.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           In March 2022, 35,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$21.80 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2022, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2022, a total of 3,258,300 options were lapsed.

           Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as
           follows:

                                                                      2022                                 2021
                                                              Average                               Average
                                                              exercise                              exercise
                                                          price in HK$           Options        price in HK$           Options
                                                             per share        (thousands)          per share        (thousands)

           At 1 January                                          13.74           104,189                9.89            93,933
           Granted                                               21.80            35,000              23.35             34,700
           Exercised                                             10.51            (21,344)            11.27            (18,195)
           Lapsed                                                15.01             (9,947)            16.48             (6,237)
           Expired                                               11.74                (56)              7.28                (12)

           At 31 December                                        16.88           107,842              13.74           104,189


           Out of the 107,842,000 (2021: 104,189,000) outstanding options, 15,622,100 (2021: 9,534,000) option was
           exercisable as at 31 December 2022. Options exercised in 2022 resulted in 21,344,000 shares (2021: 18,195,000
           shares) being issued at a weighted average price at the time of exercise of HK$10.51 each (2021: HK$11.27 each).
           The weighted average market price at the time of exercise is HK$19.26 each (2021: HK$27.58 each).

           Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                 Exercise
                                                                             price in HK$
                                                                               per share           Options (thousands)
                                                                                                       2022               2021

           Expiry date
           31 March 2022                                                            11.74                 —              9,534
           31 March 2023                                                             9.53            15,622             32,185
           31 March 2024                                                             8.82            29,798             30,695
           31 March 2025                                                            23.35            30,680             31,775
           31 March 2026                                                            21.80            31,742                  —

                                                                                                    107,842           104,189


142   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
       The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
       model, which was performed by an independent valuer, Greater China Appraisal Limited, was approximately
       HK$4.40 (2021: HK$4.78) per option. The significant inputs into the model were weighted average share price of
       HK$21.8 (2021: HK$23.35) at the grant date, the exercise price shown above, volatility of 42.92% (2021: 36.28%),
       dividend yield of 6.51% (2021: 3.38%), an expected option life of 3.5 years (2021: 3.5 years), and an annual
       risk-free interest rate of 1.04% (2021: 0.30%) per annum. The volatility measured at the standard deviation of
       continuously compounded share returns is based on statistical analysis of daily share prices over the last year.

       Based on the above, the fair value of the above options granted during the year determined using the Black-
       Scholes valuation model was approximately HK$154,016,000 (2021: HK$165,812,000). The attributable amounts
       charged to the consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2022 was HK$84,481,000 (2021:
       HK$64,745,000) (Note 23).


   (B) REPURCHASE OF SHARE
       During the year ended 31 December 2021, 39,033,000 shares repurchased by the Company were cancelled in
       2021. Accordingly, the issued share capital of the Company was reduced by the nominal value of these shares and
       the premiums paid on these shares upon the repurchase were charged against share premium account. An amount
       equivalent to the par value of the shares cancelled was transferred from the Company’s retained earnings to the
       capital redemption reserve.

                                                        Number of              Highest            Lowest         Aggregate
                                                          Shares of           price per         price per     consideration
                                                     HK$0.10 each           Share HK$         Share HK$       paid HK$’000

       Month of repurchase
       August 2021                                      19,396,000               30.50              27.60           562,186
       September 2021                                   11,172,000               28.80              23.05           291,820
       December 2021                                     8,465,000               19.46              17.90           158,972

                                                        39,033,000                                                1,012,978



   (C) SCRIP DIVIDEND
       On 26 August 2022, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 40.0 HK cents per share for the six
       months ended 30 June 2022. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the interim dividend in form
       of scrip dividend. On 29 September 2022, 69,102,480 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$14.87 per share to
       shareholders who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18 RESERVES
                                                                                                                    Other reserves
                                                                                Foreign
                                                 Statutory     Enterprise      currency                    Share       Property       Capital
                                                   reserve     expansion translation         Capital      option revaluation redemption           FVOCI                     Retained
                                                     fund           fund         reserve     reserve      reserve       reserve       reserve    reserve      Sub-total     earnings         Total
                                                  HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                  (Note (a))     (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                          (Note (c))

      At 1 January 2022                          3,278,003        46,867      1,830,492     405,241      106,519         37,227       26,014    (12,621)     5,717,742 28,479,039 34,196,781
      Profit for the year                               —              —              —           —           —              —            —           —              —     5,127,154    5,127,154
      Change in fair value of financial assets
        at FVOCI (Note 11)                              —              —              —           —           —              —            —       2,166          2,166            —         2,166
      Dilution of interest in an associate              —              —           (783)          —           —              —            —           —           (783)           —          (783)
      Currency translation differences                  —              —      (3,638,468)         —           —              —            —           —      (3,638,468)          —     (3,638,468)
      Share of other comprehensive loss of
        investments accounted for using
        the equity method (Note 13)                     —              —       (771,416)          —           —              —            —           —       (771,416)           —      (771,416)
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                   —              —              —           —      (40,439)            —            —           —        (40,439)           —       (40,439)
        – value of employee services
            (Note 17(A))                                —              —              —           —       84,481             —            —           —         84,481            —        84,481
        – adjustment relating to forfeiture of
             share options                              —              —              —           —         (111)            —            —           —           (111)          111            —
      Transfer to reserves                        323,850              —              —           —           —              —            —           —        323,850      (323,850)           —
      Dividends relating to 2021                        —              —              —           —           —              —            —           —              —     (3,066,274) (3,066,274)
      Dividends relating to 2022                        —              —              —           —           —              —            —           —              —     (1,614,395) (1,614,395)

      At 31 December 2022                        3,601,853        46,867      (2,580,175)   405,241      150,450         37,227       26,014    (10,455)     1,677,022 28,601,785 30,278,807




144   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
18 RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                 Other reserves
                                                                              Foreign
                                                Statutory    Enterprise      currency                   Share       Property         Capital
                                                  reserve    expansion     translation    Capital      option     revaluation     redemption     FVOCI                   Retained
                                                    fund          fund        reserve     reserve      reserve        reserve        reserve    reserve     Sub-total     earnings        Total
                                                HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                (Note (a))    (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                            (Note (c))

    At 1 January 2021                          2,338,112       46,867        741,559     405,241       79,223        37,227          22,111     (8,890)     3,661,450 23,280,614 26,942,064
    Profit for the year                               —             —              —           —           —              —              —           —            — 11,555,887 11,555,887
    Change in fair value of financial assets
      at FVOCI (Note 11)                              —             —              —           —           —              —              —      (3,731)       (3,731)          —        (3,731)
    Currency translation differences                  —             —        900,873           —           —              —              —           —       900,873           —       900,873
    Share of other comprehensive income of
      investments accounted for using
      the equity method (Note 13)                     —             —        188,060           —           —              —              —           —       188,060           —       188,060
    Employees share option scheme:
      – proceeds from shares issued                   —             —              —           —      (37,434)            —              —           —       (37,434)          —       (37,434)
      – value of employee services
         (Note 17(A))                                 —             —              —           —       64,745             —              —           —        64,745           —        64,745
      – adjustment relating to forfeiture of
          share options                               —             —              —           —          (15)            —              —           —           (15)          15           —
    Repurchase and cancellation of shares
      (Note 17(B))                                    —             —              —           —           —              —           3,903          —         3,903     (237,035)    (233,132)
    Transfer to reserves                        939,891             —              —           —           —              —              —           —       939,891     (939,891)          —
    Dividends relating to 2020                        —             —              —           —           —              —              —           —            —     (2,512,470) (2,512,470)
    Dividends relating to 2021                        —             —              —           —           —              —              —           —            —     (2,668,081) (2,668,081)

    At 31 December 2021                        3,278,003       46,867      1,830,492     405,241      106,519        37,227          26,014    (12,621)     5,717,742 28,479,039 34,196,781




                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                               145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18 RESERVES (Continued)
      Notes:


      (a)      The statutory reserve fund and enterprise expansion fund are provided for in accordance with laws in the PRC and regulations by
               certain subsidiaries which are the wholly owned foreign enterprises incorporated in the PRC. These funds are appropriated from net
               profit as recorded in the PRC statutory accounts of the respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserve fund can only be used, upon
               approval by the relevant authority, to make good of previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of these group companies. The
               enterprise expansion fund can only be used to increase capital of the group companies or to expand their production operations
               upon approval by the relevant authority.


               During the year ended 31 December 2022, the boards of directors of the subsidiaries resolved to appropriate approximately
               HK$323,850,000 (2021: HK$939,891,000) from retained earnings to statutory reserve fund. No enterprise expansion fund was
               appropriated during the years ended 31 December 2022 and 2021.


      (b)      The opening balance of capital reserve of the Group comprises the followings 1) the difference between the nominal value of the
               share capital of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to a reorganisation occurred in 2004 and the nominal value of the share capital
               of the Company issued in exchange thereof, and 2) the share of gain in Xinyi Solar resulting from the spin-off and initial public
               offering of Xinyi Energy in 2019.


      (c)      Financial assets at FVOCI


               The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive
               income, as explained in Note 2.10. These changes are accumulated under the FVOCI reserve within equity. For equity securities
               elected to present changes in FVOCI, the Group will never transfer amounts from this reserve to retained earnings when the
               relevant equity securities are derecognised.


19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                                 HK$’000              HK$’000

      Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                                1,594,545            1,483,859
      Bills payable (Note (b))                                                                                 1,128,323                     —

                                                                                                               2,722,868            1,483,859
      Other payables (Note (c))                                                                                2,100,276            2,308,305
      Contract liabilities (Note (e))                                                                             624,717             653,811
      Less: non-current portion
      Other payables                                                                                              (51,255)            (140,313)

      Current portion                                                                                          5,396,606            4,305,662




146   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
   Notes:

   (a)      At 31 December 2022 and 2021, the ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                                  2022               2021
                                                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000

            0 - 90 days                                                                                       1,389,149       1,305,146
            91-180 days                                                                                         54,553              54,776
            181-365 days                                                                                        42,377              57,317
            1-2 years                                                                                           76,559              29,257
            Over 2 years                                                                                        31,907              37,363

                                                                                                              1,594,545       1,483,859


            The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                  2022               2021
                                                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000

            RMB                                                                                               1,430,314       1,361,502
            MYR                                                                                                122,871              62,529
            USD                                                                                                 39,848              58,903
            HK$                                                                                                     17                251
            Other currencies                                                                                     1,495                674

                                                                                                              1,594,545       1,483,859


   (b)      Bills payable have maturities ranging within 12 months (2021: 6 months).

   (c)      Nature of other payables is as follows:

                                                                                                                  2022               2021
                                                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000

            Payables for investment properties                                                                  23,673              26,951
            Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                         337,186          431,057
            Payables for employee benefits and welfare                                                         406,877          539,019
            Payables for value-added tax                                                                       191,395          280,901
            Payables for utilities                                                                              75,992          110,729
            Payables for transportation charges                                                                599,500          470,976
            Payables for commission                                                                             40,506              51,872
            Others                                                                                             425,147          396,800

                                                                                                              2,100,276       2,308,305




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Notes: (Continued)

      (d)   The carrying amounts of trade payables and other payables approximate their fair values.

      (e)   The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually received
            in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from sales of glass products.

            The following table shows the amount of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to contract liabilities
            balance at the beginning of the year.

                                                                                                                  2022              2021
                                                                                                               HK$’000          HK$’000

            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
               at the beginning of the year                                                                    653,811           499,345




148   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
20 BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000

   Non-current
     Long-term bank borrowings                                                                13,136,320      14,986,960
     Less: Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                       (5,415,076)      (4,096,904)

                                                                                               7,721,244      10,890,056

   Shown as non-current liabilities                                                            7,721,244      10,890,056

   Current
     Short-term bank borrowings                                                                  379,360          505,773
     Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                              5,415,076        4,096,904

   Shown as current liabilities                                                                5,794,436        4,602,677


   Total bank borrowings                                                                      13,515,680      15,492,733


   At 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group’s bank borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                    2022             2021
                                                                                                HK$’000          HK$’000

   Within 1 year                                                                               5,794,436        4,602,677
   Between 1 and 2 years                                                                       5,827,106        6,625,216
   Between 2 and 5 years                                                                       1,894,138        4,264,840

                                                                                              13,515,680      15,492,733


   At 31 December 2022 and 2021, all bank loans bore floating interest rates. These bank borrowings are repayable by
   installments up to 2025 (2021: 2024) and the carrying amounts of bank borrowings approximate their fair values as at 31
   December 2022 and 2021. The fair values are categorised within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

   The Group complied with the financial bank covenants of its borrowing facilities as at 31 December 2022 and 2021.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


20 BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)

      At 31 December 2022 and 2021, the carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                                                                                2022             2021
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000

      HKD                                                                                 12,344,132       14,835,960
      RMB                                                                                    279,361          305,773
      USD                                                                                    892,187          351,000

                                                                                          13,515,680       15,492,733


      The effective interest rate is as follows:

                                                                                                2022             2021

      Bank borrowings                                                                          2.20%            0.94%


      The bank borrowings were guaranteed by corporate guarantee provided by the Company and cross guarantees provided
      by certain subsidiaries of the Group.


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX

      The analysis of deferred income tax is as follows:


      DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS:

                                                                                                2022             2021
                                                                                            HK$’000           HK$’000

      Deferred income tax assets                                                                   —          110,802




150   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

   DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS: (Continued)
   The gross movements on the deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                                      Capital
                                                                                                   allowance                Total
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

   At 1 January 2021                                                                                   41,790             41,790
   Currency translation differences                                                                       (143)              (143)
   Credited to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                                             69,155             69,155

   At 31 December 2021                                                                               110,802             110,802
   Currency translation differences                                                                     1,255               1,255
   Charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                                            (112,057)          (112,057)

   At 31 December 2022                                                                                      —                    —


   The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets of approximately HK$76,335,000 (2021: HK$94,571,000) in
   respect of losses amounting to approximately HK$309,281,000 (2021: HK$382,631,000) that can be carried forward
   against future taxable income. Capital allowance mainly represents the investment tax allowance entitled by the Group’s
   subsidiary in Malaysia on its qualifying capital expenditure incurred, which can be utilised against its assessable profit.

   The time frame of tax losses expiration is as follows:

                                                                                                         2022               2021
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

   Expiring in 2022                                                                                         —            111,711
   Expiring in 2023                                                                                    58,636             64,180
   Expiring in 2024                                                                                    61,608             67,433
   Expiring in 2025                                                                                    61,711             67,546
   Expiring in 2026                                                                                    54,044             58,977
   Expiring in 2027                                                                                    61,692                    —
   No expire date                                                                                      11,590             12,784

                                                                                                     309,281             382,631




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

      DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES:
                                                                                                      2022       2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                              468,078     454,475


      The gross movements on the deferred income tax liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                      2022       2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

      Beginning of the year                                                                        454,475     409,954
      Currency translation differences                                                              (18,554)    12,524
      Arising from business combination (Note 33)                                                        —      39,456
      Charged/(credited) to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                              32,157     (7,459)

      End of the year                                                                              468,078     454,475


                                                           Accelerated                        Undistributed
                                                                    tax               Fair        profits of
                                                          depreciation        value gains       subsidiaries     Total
                                                               HK$’000             HK$’000         HK$’000     HK$’000

      At 1 January 2021                                             412            250,497         159,045     409,954
      Charged/(credited) to the consolidated income
        statement (Note 27)                                          —             (31,878)          24,419     (7,459)
      Arising from business combination (Note 33)                    —              39,456               —      39,456
      Currency translation differences                               —              12,524               —      12,524

      At 31 December 2021                                           412            270,599         183,464     454,475
      Charged/(credited) to the consolidated income
        statement (Note 27)                                     43,609             (11,452)              —      32,157
      Currency translation differences                            1,164            (19,718)              —     (18,554)

      At 31 December 2022                                       45,185             239,429         183,464     468,078




152   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

   DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES: (Continued)
   As at 31 December 2022, investment properties located in the PRC amounted to HK$1,424,945,000 (2021:
   HK$1,591,224,000) are held by certain subsidiaries with a business model to consume substantially all of the economic
   benefits embodied in the investment properties over time, rather than through sale. The investment property located in
   Hong Kong amounted to HK$65,840,000 (2021: HK$70,160,000) are held by certain subsidiaries and expected to be
   recovered entirely through sale. The Group has measured the deferred tax relating to the temporary differences of these
   investment properties using the tax rates and the tax bases that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of
   these investment properties (Note 7).

   During the year ended 31 December 2021, deferred income tax liabilities of HK$39,456,000 have been recognised for the
   temporary difference arising from the fair value adjustment of identifiable assets acquired from business combination (Note
   33).

   Deferred income tax liabilities of approximately HK$1,384,505,000 (2021: HK$1,234,895,000) have not been recognised
   for withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries in the
   PRC. Such temporary differences are not expected to be reversed in the foreseeable future. At 31 December 2022, total
   unremitted earnings for which deferred withholding tax liability has not been recognised amounted to approximately
   HK$27,690,092,000 (2021: HK$24,697,891,000).




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


22 EXPENSES BY NATURE

      Expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses are
      analysed as follows:

                                                                                                               2022           2021
                                                                                                          HK$’000          HK$’000

      Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                                               1,355,835        1,400,833
      Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 6)                                                  136,557         130,421
      Amortisation charge of intangible assets (Note 8)                                                       2,729           1,496
      Employee benefit expenses (Note 23)                                                                2,092,767        2,027,294
      Cost of inventories (Note 14)                                                                     13,006,644       10,604,436
      Transportation costs                                                                               1,177,915         972,676
      Advertising costs                                                                                       4,714           3,881
      Auditor’s remuneration
        – Audit services                                                                                      3,453           3,310
        – Non-statutory audit services                                                                        1,705            793
      Research and development expenses                                                                    886,966         856,669
      Other expenses (Note)                                                                              2,588,774        2,688,404

      Total cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and
        other operating expenses                                                                        21,258,059       18,690,213


      Note:

      Other expenses mainly comprises custom duty expenses, other tax charges, insurance expenses and sundry expenses.




154   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
23 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

   Wages and salaries                                                                          1,854,233         1,838,679
   Share options granted to employees (Note 17)                                                   84,481            64,745
   Pension costs - defined contribution plans                                                    154,053           123,870

                                                                                               2,092,767         2,027,294



   (A) FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
        The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include four (2021: four) directors
        whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 35. The emoluments payable to the remaining one
        individual (2021: one individual) during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

        Basic salaries and allowances                                                              1,228                  545
        Discretionary and performance bonus                                                        7,331             3,552
        Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                    20                   25
        Share options granted                                                                        478                  573

                                                                                                   9,057             4,695




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


24 OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                                       2022            2021
                                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000

      Rental income (Note 7)                                                                                          62,406         52,769
      Government grants (Note (a))                                                                                   229,584        244,516
      Insurance compensation income                                                                                    2,354          3,640
      Income from sale of electricity (Note (b))                                                                     103,553        105,362
      Income from sale of automatic machines (Note (c))                                                                6,404          2,563
      Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note (d))                                                    202,761        149,727
      Others                                                                                                          56,339         55,639

                                                                                                                     663,401        614,216


      Notes:

      (a)      Government grants mainly represent grants obtained from the PRC government in relation to the refund of value-added tax,
               income tax, land use tax and other operating costs of certain PRC subsidiaries.

      (b)      It represents income from sale of electricity generated from its wind power and solar power plants.

      (c)      It represents the income from sale of automatic machines for solar glass factory and other related industry.

      (d)      The realised income arising from Financial Products issued by reputable commercial banks in the PRC was not principal guaranteed
               nor with pre-determined or guaranteed return. As at 31 December 2022 and 2021, the Group had HK$703,958,000 (2021:
               HK$40,313,000) Financial Products not redeemed or matured. The Group had totally recovered the principal and received the
               expected returns for those Financial Products that were redeemed or matured during the year.


25 OTHER GAINS - NET

                                                                                                                       2022            2021
                                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000

      Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 30(b))                                               (53,601)      (217,291)
      Unrealised fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                       657         (22,412)
      Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                                         49,785        199,431
      Fair value losses on investment properties, net (Note 7)                                                       (53,729)      (133,706)
      Other foreign exchange gains/(losses), net                                                                     226,529       (106,230)
      Gain on dilution of investments in an associate (Note 13)                                                       21,966              —
      Gain on bargain purchase (Note 33)                                                                                  —         393,571
      Others                                                                                                           1,017          1,783

                                                                                                                     192,624        115,146




156   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
26 FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS

                                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

   Finance income:
   Interest income on bank deposits                                                              110,850            66,084
   Other interest income                                                                               —                  290

                                                                                                 110,850            66,374

   Finance costs:
   Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                          2,179             4,507
   Interest expense on bank borrowings                                                           403,763           171,830
   Less: interest expense capitalised on qualifying assets (Note 6)                              (34,402)          (21,277)

                                                                                                 371,540           155,060



27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                    2022              2021
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

   Current income tax
     – Hong Kong profits tax (Note (a))                                                           57,774            44,695
     – PRC corporate income tax (Note (b))                                                       564,934         1,494,675
     – Overseas income tax (Note (c))                                                             23,438           262,030
     – (Over)/Under provision in prior years                                                      (4,734)           26,396
     – Withholding tax on remitted earnings (Note (d))                                            70,136           179,859

                                                                                                 711,548         2,007,655
   Deferred income tax (Note 21)
     – Decrease/(increase) in deferred income tax assets                                         112,057           (69,155)
     – Increase/(decrease) in deferred income tax liabilities                                     32,157            (7,459)

                                                                                                 144,214           (76,614)

                                                                                                 855,762         1,931,041




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      Hong Kong profits tax

               Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year.

      (b)      PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)

               CIT is provided on the estimated taxable profits of the subsidiaries established in the PRC for the year, calculated in accordance
               with the relevant tax rules and regulations.

               The applicable CIT rates in the PRC is 25% (2021: 25%). Fifteen (2021: Fourteen) major subsidiaries in Deyang, Dongguan,
               Guangxi, Jiangmen, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Wuhu, Yingkou and Zhangjiagang enjoy high-tech enterprise income tax benefit and are
               entitled to a preferential tax treatment of reduction in the CIT rate to 15% (2021: 15%).

      (c)      Overseas income tax

               Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing
               in the countries in which the Group operates. Oversea income tax mainly represents Malaysia income tax which has been calculated
               on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the standard Malaysia corporate income tax rate of 24% (2021: 24%).

      (d)      Withholding tax on remitted earnings

               Withholding tax on remitted earnings from the PRC companies is 5%.


      The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted
      average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:

                                                                                                                       2022                 2021
                                                                                                                  HK$’000               HK$’000

      Profit before income tax                                                                                   5,999,966          13,501,721
      Associates’ results reported                                                                                (922,790)          (1,185,743)

                                                                                                                 5,077,176          12,315,978

      Calculated at weighted average tax rate of 25.1% (2021: 24.9%)                                             1,275,046            3,065,353
      Preferential tax rates on income of certain PRC and overseas subsidiaries                                   (534,096)          (1,351,087)
      (Over)/Under provision in prior years                                                                          (4,734)              26,396
      Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                                               75,305               16,998
      Income not subject to tax                                                                                     (52,305)           (122,514)
      Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                       26,410             116,036
      Tax effect of withholding tax on the distributable profits
            of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries                                                                          70,136             179,859

      Income tax expense                                                                                           855,762            1,931,041




158   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
28 EARNINGS PER SHARE

   BASIC:
   Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted
   average number of ordinary shares in issue after taking into account the effect of the issuance of new shares and share
   repurchased and cancellation stated in Note 17(A), (B) during 2022 and 2021.

                                                                                                     2022               2021

   Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                               5,127,154        11,555,887

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,049,255         4,026,807

   Basic earnings per share (HK cents)                                                             126.62             286.97



   DILUTED:
   Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
   assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The dilutive potential ordinary shares of the Company are share
   options. The calculation for share options is determined by the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair
   value (determined as the average annual market share price of the Company’s shares) based on the monetary value of the
   subscription rights attached to the outstanding share options. The number of shares calculated as above is compared with
   the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options.

                                                                                                     2022               2021

   Earnings
   Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                               5,127,154        11,555,887
   Share of profit of an associate as a result of
     diluted earnings at associate level (HK$’000)                                                  (1,610)           (1,785)

   Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share (HK$’000)                                5,125,544        11,554,102

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,049,255         4,026,807
   Adjustments for:
   Share options (thousands)                                                                       23,833             49,979

   Weighted average number of ordinary shares
     for diluted earnings per share (thousands)                                                 4,073,088         4,076,786

   Diluted earnings per share (HK cents)                                                           125.84             283.41




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


29 DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                                    2022                2021
                                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

      Interim dividend of HK$0.40 (2021: HK$0.66) per share (Note (a))                                        1,614,395           2,668,081
      Proposed final dividend of HK$0.22 (2021: final dividend of HK$0.76)
            per share (Note (b))                                                                                905,211           3,066,274

                                                                                                              2,519,606           5,734,355


      Notes:

      (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2021, an interim dividend of HK$0.66 per share was paid in cash to shareholders whose
               names appeared on the Register of Members of the Company on 19 August 2021.

               During the year ended 31 December 2022, an interim dividend of HK$0.40 per share was partially paid in cash and partially settled
               by the issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend for 2022 interim dividend whose names appeared on the Register of Members
               of the Company on 18 August 2022. Shares issued during the year on the shareholders’ election to receive shares are set out in
               Note 17.

      (b)      A final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2022 of HK$0.22 per share (2021: HK$0.76 per share),
               amounting to a total dividend of HK$905,211,000 (2021: HK$3,066,274,000), is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual
               General Meeting. The amount of 2022 proposed final dividend is based on 4,114,595,992 shares in issue as at 31 January 2023
               (2021: 4,034,570,747 shares in issue as at 7 June 2022). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this proposed
               dividend payable.




160   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

   (a)   Reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                  Note                2022              2021
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

         Profit before income tax                                                                5,999,966       13,501,721
         Adjustments for:
           – Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                   22           1,355,835         1,400,833
           – Losses on disposal and write-off of property,
               plant and equipment                                                  25              53,601           217,291
           – Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                             22             136,557           130,421
           – Fair value losses on investment properties                             25              53,729           133,706
           – Amortisation charge of intangible assets                               22               2,729             1,496
           – Impairment loss on interest in an associate                            13                   —            67,353
           – Share of profits of associates                                         13            (922,790)       (1,185,743)
           – Gain on dilution of investments in an associate                        25             (21,966)                 —
           – Interest income                                                        26            (110,850)          (66,374)
           – Interest expense                                                       26             371,540           155,060
           – Share options granted to employees                                     23              84,481            64,745
           – Unrealised fair value (gains)/losses on financial assets at FVTPL      25                (657)           22,412
           – Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                          25             (49,785)         (199,431)
           – Realised income from financial products at FVTPL                       24            (202,761)         (149,727)
           – Increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net     15               6,090            26,252
           – Gain on business combination                                           33                   —          (393,571)
         Changes in working capital:
           – Inventories                                                                          (230,219)       (1,093,937)
           – Trade and other receivables                                                           849,431          (641,942)
           – Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                      1,055,691           787,637

         Cash generated from operations                                                          8,430,622       12,778,202




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

      (b)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment comprise:

                                                                                                       2022                 2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

            Net book amount of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                85,161           240,680
            Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 25)                           (53,601)          (217,291)

            Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  31,560                23,389


      (c)   Net debt reconciliation:

            This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                                                                                                       2022                 2021
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

            Cash and cash equivalents (Note 16)                                                   3,180,155         9,220,384
            Bank borrowings - repayable within one year (Note 20)                                (5,794,436)        (4,602,677)
            Bank borrowings - repayable after one year (Note 20)                                 (7,721,244)      (10,890,056)
            Lease liabilities (Note 6)                                                              (21,078)           (52,380)

            Net debt                                                                            (10,356,603)        (6,324,729)

            Cash and cash equivalents                                                             3,180,155         9,220,384
            Gross debt - variable interest rates                                                (13,515,680)      (15,492,733)
            Gross debt - fixed interest rates                                                       (21,078)           (52,380)

            Net debt                                                                            (10,356,603)        (6,324,729)




162   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

   (c)   Net debt reconciliation: (Continued)

         This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                                                                   Bank             Bank
                                                              and other        and other
                                                    Cash     borrowings      borrowings
                                                and cash     due within         due after            Lease
                                           equivalents            1 year           1 year        liabilities            Total
                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000

         Net debt as at
           31 December 2020                     5,244,554     (3,779,193)      (7,794,815)         (83,258)      (6,412,712)
         Acquisition - leases                          —              —                —            (1,086)             (1,086)
         Unwinding of interest
           on lease liabilities                        —              —                —            (4,507)             (4,507)
         Cash flows                             3,811,603       (815,067)      (3,095,241)          36,471          (62,234)
         Foreign exchange adjustments            164,227          (8,417)              —                 —         155,810

         Net debt as at
           31 December 2021                     9,220,384     (4,602,677)    (10,890,056)          (52,380)      (6,324,729)

         Net debt as at
           31 December 2021                     9,220,384     (4,602,677)    (10,890,056)          (52,380)      (6,324,729)
         Unwinding of interest
           on lease liabilities                        —              —                —            (2,179)             (2,179)
         Cash flows                          (5,228,289)      (1,232,880)      3,168,812            32,572       (3,259,785)
         Foreign exchange adjustments            (811,940)        41,121               —               909         (769,910)

         Net debt as at
           31 December 2022                     3,180,155     (5,794,436)      (7,721,244)         (21,078)    (10,356,603)




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


31 COMMITMENTS

      CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      Capital expenditure approved at the end of reporting date but not yet incurred is as follows:

                                                                                                          2022         2021
                                                                                                       HK$’000     HK$’000

      Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use
        assets contracted but not provided for                                                        1,378,231   1,368,211



      OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
      Investment properties are leased to tenants under long-term operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Minimum lease
      payments receivable under non-cancellable operating lease of investment properties not recognised in the consolidated
      financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                                          2022         2021
                                                                                                       HK$’000     HK$’000

      Not later than 1 year                                                                             31,693       33,946
      Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                     115,677       22,561
      Later than 5 years                                                                                86,975            —

                                                                                                       234,345       56,507



32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      As at 31 December 2022, the Group was controlled by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
      Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching
      Leung which in aggregate owns 2,541,343,266 (2021: 2,496,849,059) of the Company’s shares.




164   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   The following transactions were carried out with related parties:


   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                 Note                2022              2021
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

         Purchase of goods from associates                                           i
           – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas
               Investment Company Limited                                                         325,033           283,222
           – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                                       —             2,700
           – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Co., Limited                                      xi             17,700            10,433

         Sales of goods to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                             ii             6,781           143,297

         Sales of consumable goods to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                          ii, vii           1,299             6,184

         Sales of goods to related parties
           – Entities controlled by a controlling party                              ii            10,847             9,074
           – Entities controlled by a controlling party                           ii, vii           4,674             1,033

         Sales of machineries to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                            iii           239,435           177,195

         Sales of fixed assets to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          iii, vii          1,841             4,037

         Consultancy income received from an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          iv, vii             388                  853

         Rental income received from an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                          v, vii            9,003             6,518

         Rental expenses paid to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          v, vii            1,076             1,112

         Purchase of silica sand from an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                             i             79,743            65,374

         Rental income received from a related party
           – Entities controlled by a controlling party                           v, vii              310                  316




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                              Note                  2022                2021
                                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

           Wind farm management fees paid to related parties
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                  vi                 9,338              9,647

           Sales and processing income of silica sands and raw materials
                  from an associate
                  – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                             ii, vii, viii         18,007               6,815

           Purchase of electric storage products to a related party
                  – Entities controlled by a controlling party                                   ix                 6,548              5,867

           Purchase of machinery parts from a related party
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii, ix                   —                 251

           Purchase of consumables from an associate
                  – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                vii, x               2,377              2,846

           Engineering, procurement and construction
            service fees paid to an associate
                  – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                               vii, viii             1,443              3,894

           Sales of wooden packaging products to an associate
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                ii, vii                   8             8,655

           Rental expenses paid to a related parties
                  – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                v, vii                 836                 751

           Maintenance and services fees paid to an associate
                  – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                               vii, viii                 —              2,435

           Purchase of fixed assets from an entity controlled
                  by a controlling party
                  – Entities controlled by a controlling party                                vii, ix                 693                      -


           Notes:

           (i)       The purchases of goods from associates were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (ii)      The sales of goods to associates and related parties were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (iii)     The sales of machineries and fixed assets to an associate was charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms.




166   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
       Notes: (Continued)

       (iv)     Consultancy income received from an associate was charged at mutually agreed fee.

       (v)      The leases of premises were charged at mutually agreed rental.

       (vi)     Wind farm management fees were charged at mutually agreed fees.


       (vii)    The transactions were de minimis transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business and under normal commercial
                terms.


       (viii)   Processing fees, engineering, procurement and construction service fees and maintenance and services fee were charged at
                mutually agreed prices.


       (ix)     The purchase of machinery parts, electric storage products and fixed assets were charged at mutually agreed prices and
                terms.


       (x)      The purchase of consumables was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.


       (xi)     The purchase was under a long-term supply contract under which the Group has an option to purchase pre-determined
                quantity of goods from the associate annually. The long-term contract has a period of 20 years. The purchase prices under
                the contract was fixed for the first 5 years and will be adjusted upward or downward by a predetermined percentage
                according to the market trend for the remaining 15 years.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES

                                                                                        2022     2021
                                                                                     HK$’000   HK$’000

           Prepayment to an associate
              – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                  30,171    42,808
           Receivable from an associate arising from sales of machineries and
              land parcel (Note (ii))
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                          155,756    14,529
           Receivable from an associate arising from consultancy income (Note (i))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                               —       203
           Receivable from related parties arising from sales of goods (Note (i))
              – Entities controlled by a controlling party                             1,718     3,432
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               32        —
           Advance to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          295,370        —
           Payable to a related party arising from processing fee
              and management fee (Note (i))
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                           12,323     9,582




168   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

       Payable to associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
              –A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                    741                  —
       Payable to associate arising from purchase of silica sands (Note (i))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                               10,616                7,773
       Payable to associate arising from EPC service (Note (i))
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                   478                 410
       (Prepayment)/payable to an associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
              – Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited                                                        (787)              1,533
       Advance from a related party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                      1                 81
       Loan to an associate (Note 13)
              – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Co., Ltd.                                                            27,936              30,577


       Note:

       (i)       As at 31 December 2022, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
                 approximate their fair values and are denominated in RMB.

       (ii)      As at 31 December 2022, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
                 approximate their fair values. HK$152,380,000 are denominated in RMB and HK$3,376,000 are denominated in MYR.


   (C) KEY MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION
                                                                                                            2022                2021
                                                                                                        HK$’000             HK$’000

       Basic salaries and allowances                                                                      18,576              17,568
       Discretionary and performance bonus                                                                93,056             199,245
       Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                             237                 219
       Share options granted                                                                                4,254               2,635

                                                                                                         116,123             219,667




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


33 BUSINESS COMBINATION

      On 9 June 2021 the Group acquired 100% of the issued share capital of Avic (Hainan) Special Glass Materials
      Company Limited, a manufacturer of glass products in the PRC, from an independent third party at a consideration of
      RMB1,182,012,000. Details of the financial information as at acquisition date is present as follows:

                                                                                                               HK$’000

      Purchase consideration
        Initial consideration                                                                                1,461,988
        Adjustment for changes in net assets and operating results of
           acquisition target during the period under the control of liquidator                                 (21,915)

        Cash paid                                                                                            1,440,073
      Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
        Property, plant and equipment                                                                        1,151,749
        Right-of-use assets                                                                                    199,073
        Intangible assets                                                                                      398,635
        Inventories                                                                                             95,525
        Trade and other receivables                                                                             15,897
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               90,669
        Trade and other payables                                                                                (78,448)
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                (39,456)

      Total identifiable net assets                                                                          1,833,644

      Gain on bargain purchase                                                                                (393,571)

      Net cash outflow arising from the acquisition
        Cash consideration                                                                                   1,440,073
        Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                                         (90,669)

                                                                                                             1,349,404




170   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
33 BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)

   (I)   ACQUIRED RECEIVABLES
         The fair value of acquired trade receivables is HK$699,000. The gross contractual amount for trade receivables due is
         HK$16,278,000 with a loss allowance of HK$15,579,000 recognised on acquisition.


   (II) REVENUE AND PROFIT CONTRIBUTION
         The acquired business contributed revenues of HK$325,812,000 and net profit of HK$48,284,000 to the Group for
         the period from 9 June 2021 to 31 December 2021.

         If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2021, consolidated pro-forma revenue and profit for the year ended 31
         December 2021 would have been HK$30,691,665,000 and HK$11,561,232,000 respectively. These amounts have
         been calculated using the subsidiary’s results and adjusting them for the additional depreciation and amortisation
         that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
         assets and intangible assets had applied from 1 January 2021, together with the consequential tax effects


   (III) BARGAIN PURCHASE
         The acquisition resulting in bargaining purchase of HK$393,571,000, due to the transaction was resulted from
         a bankruptcy reorganization process arranged by local court. The local court considered the Group most suitable
         candidate to take-over the target due to the Group’s experience in glass industry.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


34 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY

      Balance sheet of the Company                               Note        2022         2021
                                                                          HK$’000      HK$’000

      Assets
      Non-current assets
        Investments in subsidiaries                                       211,513      211,513
        Investment in an associate                                        473,608      456,097
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                                    2,154,650    5,759,650


                                                                         2,839,771    6,427,260

      Current assets
        Amount due from subsidiaries                                    15,851,876    8,234,876
        Prepayments and other receivables                                   5,086        5,597
        Cash and bank balances                                              2,216        5,823

                                                                        15,859,178    8,246,296


      Total assets                                                      18,698,949   14,673,556

      Equity
      Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
        Share capital                                                     410,910      401,866
        Share premium                                                    1,282,953           —
        Other reserves                                            (a)     176,464      132,533
        Retained earnings                                         (a)      80,229      788,627

      Total equity                                                       1,950,556    1,323,026




172   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
34 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

   Balance sheet of the Company                                           Note                2022              2021
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000

   Liabilities
   Current liabilities
     Other payables                                                                         12,416            37,643
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                       16,734,994        13,312,783
     Current income tax liabilities                                                            983                  104

                                                                                       16,748,393        13,350,530

   Total liabilities                                                                   16,748,393        13,350,530


   Total equity and liabilities                                                        18,698,949        14,673,556


   The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2023 and was signed on its
   behalf.




   LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                                  TUNG Ching Bor
   Chairman                                             Vice-chairman




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


34 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

      Note (a) Reserve movements of the Company

                                                                      Capital
                                                Share option      redemption                  Retained
                                                     reserve         reserve    Sub-total     earnings          Total
                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000

      At 1 January 2021                               79,223          22,111     101,334       380,413       481,747
      Profit for the year                                   —             —           —      5,825,785     5,825,785
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                (37,434)             —      (37,434)            —        (37,434)
        – value of employee services                  64,745              —       64,745             —        64,745
        – adjustments relating to forfeiture
             of share options                              (15)           —           (15)          15             —
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares                 —          3,903       3,903      (237,035)     (233,132)
      Dividend relating to 2020                             —             —           —      (2,512,470)   (2,512,470)
      Dividend relating to 2021                             —             —           —      (2,668,081)   (2,668,081)

      At 31 December 2021                            106,519          26,014     132,533       788,627       921,160

      At 1 January 2022                              106,519          26,014     132,533       788,627       921,160
      Profit for the year                                   —             —           —      3,972,160     3,972,160
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                (40,439)             —      (40,439)            —       (40,439)
        – value of employee services                  84,481              —       84,481             —        84,481
        – adjustments relating to forfeiture
             of share options                             (111)           —         (111)          111             —
      Dividend relating to 2021                             —             —           —      (3,066,274)   (3,066,274)
      Dividend relating to 2022                             —             —           —      (1,614,395)   (1,614,395)

      At 31 December 2022                            150,450          26,014     176,464        80,229       256,693




174   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS

   (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS
       The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2022 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                          Employer’s
                                                                                        contribution
       Name of directors                                               Discretionary       to benefit
       (Note (i))                               Fees          Salary           bonus          scheme            Total
                                           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

       LEE Yin Yee                              300               49          28,051               —           28,400
       TUNG Ching Bor                           300            2,340          12,022               17          14,679
       TUNG Ching Sai                           300            7,790          28,051               18          36,159
       LEE Shing Kan                            300            2,408          12,022               18          14,748
       NG Ngan Ho                               300               —                —               —                 300
       LI Ching Wai                             300               —                —               —                 300
       SZE Nang Sze                             300               —                —               —                 300
       LI Ching Leung                           300               —                —               —                 300
       YANG Siu Shun                            300               —                —               —                 300
       LAM Kwong Siu                            300               —                —               —                 300
       WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                   300               —                —               —                 300
       WONG Ying Wai                            300               —                —               —                 300
       TRAN Chuen Wah, John                     300               —                —               —                 300
       TAM Wai Hung, David                      300               —                —               —                 300




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    175
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

      (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
           The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2021 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                                                  Employer’s
                                                                                                                contribution
           Name of directors                                                                Discretionary          to benefit
           (Note (i))                                         Fees              Salary              bonus             scheme                 Total
                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000

           LEE Yin Yee                                        300                   49            65,160                    —             65,509
           TUNG Ching Bor                                     300               2,625             27,926                    18            30,869
           TUNG Ching Sai                                     300               7,516             64,266                    18            72,100
           LEE Shing Kan                                      300               2,422             27,926                    18            30,666
           NG Ngan Ho                                         300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LI Ching Wai                                       300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           SZE Nang Sze                                       300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LI Ching Leung                                     300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LAM Kwong Siu                                      300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                             300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           WONG Ying Wai                                      300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           TRAN Chuen Wah, John                               300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           TAM Wai Hung, David                                300                   —                   —                   —                 300


           Notes

           i)      During the year ended 31 December 2022, none of the directors of the Company (a) received any allowances and benefits
                   in kind; (b) received or paid emoluments in respect of their other services in connection with the management of the affairs
                   of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking, except for the director set out in Note (iv) below; and (c) received or paid any
                   remuneration in respect of accepting office (2021: same).

           (ii)    The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received from the Group by these directors in respect of their
                   services as directors and/or in their respect of their services as employees of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking (2021:
                   same).

           (iii)   No director of the Company was appointed/resigned during the year (2021: same).

           (iv)    TUNG Ching Sai is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Group and his remuneration disclosed above include those for
                   services rendered by him as the Chief Executive Officer.




176   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

   (B) DIRECTORS’ TERMINATION BENEFITS
       During the year ended 31 December 2022, none of the directors of the Company received termination benefits.
       (2021: same).


   (C) CONSIDERATION PROVIDED TO THIRD PARTIES FOR MAKING AVAILABLE DIRECTORS ’
       SERVICES
       During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company did not paid any consideration to third party for making
       available services of director (2021: same).


   (D) DIRECTORS’ LOANS, QUASI-LOANS AND OTHER DEALINGS
       There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate by and
       connected entities with such directors (2021: same).


   (E) DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
       Except for those transactions disclosed in Note 32, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
       relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the
       director’s connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or
       at any time during the year (2021: same).




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2022 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     177
Financial Summary


A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is presented below.

                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                 2022                2021               2020               2019                 2018
                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

Revenue                                    25,745,990         30,459,120         18,615,879         16,258,489         16,014,490
Cost of sales                             (17,059,615)       (14,681,992)       (10,844,444)       (10,375,212)        (10,139,138)

Gross profit                                8,686,375         15,777,128          7,771,435           5,883,277          5,875,352

Profit before income tax                    5,999,966         13,501,721          7,330,342           5,015,811          4,970,140
Income tax expense                          (855,762)         (1,931,041)           (899,083)          (533,132)          (722,564)

Profit for the year                         5,144,204         11,570,680          6,431,259           4,482,679          4,247,576
Profit attributable to
  – equity holders of the Company           5,127,154         11,555,887          6,422,213           4,477,792          4,236,806
  – non-controlling interests                  17,050              14,793              9,046              4,887             10,770

                                            5,144,204         11,570,680          6,431,259           4,482,679          4,247,576
Dividends                                   2,519,606          5,734,355          3,198,391           2,208,191          2,081,637



Asset and Liabilities                                                       As at 31 December

                                                 2022                2021               2020               2019                 2018
                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

Total assets                               52,231,789         56,498,665         45,071,089         36,254,298         32,679,267
Total liabilities                          20,144,166         21,792,141         17,097,740         15,326,872         13,977,006

                                           32,087,623         34,706,524         27,973,349         20,927,426         18,702,261

Equity attributable to equity
  holders of the Company                   31,972,670         34,598,647         27,881,574         20,846,341         18,624,727
Non-controlling interests                     114,953            107,877              91,775             81,085             77,534

                                           32,087,623         34,706,524         27,973,349         20,927,426         18,702,261




178    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2022
