      Contents
 2    Corporate Information

 4    Chairman’s Statement

 9    Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 16   Profile of Directors and Senior Management

 23   Corporate Governance Report

 33   Report of the Directors

 55   Independent Auditor’s Report

 61   Consolidated Balance Sheet

 63   Consolidated Income Statement

 64   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 65   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 67   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 69   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

178   Financial Summary




                  XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021   1
Corporate Information


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                       LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (Chairman) ø~                     Squire Patton Boggs
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (Vice Chairman)                        29th Floor, Edingburgh Tower
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M , J.P.        The Landmark
(Chief Executive Officer) <ø                              15 Queen’s Road Central
Mr. LEE Shing Kan                                         Hong Kong

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                   AUDITOR
Mr. LI Ching Wai
                                                          PricewaterhouseCoopers, Certified Public Accountants and
Mr. SZE Nang Sze
                                                            Registered PIE Auditor
Mr. LI Ching Leung                                        22nd Floor, Prince’s Building
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                            Central, Hong Kong

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                          PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. *+ <
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel # <ø                            Bank of China (Hong Kong)
                                                          Bank of East Asia
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. # <ø
                                                          Citibank, N.A.
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John #
                                                          China Construction Bank
Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David #
                                                          Credit Industriel et Commercial (Hong Kong Branch)
*        Chairman of audit committee                      DBS Bank
#        Members of audit committee                       Hang Seng Bank
+        Chairman of remuneration committee               HSBC

ø        Members of remuneration committee                Huaxia Bank
                                                          Industrial Bank
~        Chairman of nomination committee
                                                          Korean Development Bank Asia
<        Members of nomination committee
                                                          Malayan Banking Berhad
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER &                                 Mizuho Bank
COMPANY SECRETARY                                         MUFG Bank
                                                          Nanyang Commercial Bank
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, FCPA, AICPA
                                                          Shinhan Bank
REGISTERED OFFICE                                         Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
                                                          Taipei Fubon Commercial Bank
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                          United Overseas Bank
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108                       Bank of China
Cayman Islands                                            Bank of Communications
                                                          Ping An Bank
PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
                                                          China Citic Bank
IN HONG KONG
                                                          Huishang Bank
Unit 2101-2108, 21st Floor                                Industrial and Commercial Bank of China
Rykadan Capital Tower                                     Shanghai Pudong Development Bank
135 Hoi Bun Road                                          State Bank of India (Hong Kong Branch)
Kwun Tong, Kowloon
Hong Kong

2     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR AND                          KEY DATES
TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited               determining the entitlements to attend and vote
Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre                    at the Annual General Meeting: From Monday,
183 Queen’s Road East                                           30 May 2022 to Thursday, 2 June 2022 (both days inclusive)
Hong Kong                                                     Date of Annual General Meeting: Thursday, 2 June 2022
                                                              Closure of register of members for the purpose of
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND                                   determining the entitlements to the final dividend:
TRANSFER OFFICE                                                 From Thursday, 9 June 2022 to Monday, 13 June 2022
                                                                (both days inclusive)
Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
                                                              Proposed final dividend payable date:
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
                                                                On or about Wednesday, 6 July 2022
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
Cayman Islands


WEBSITE

http://www.xinyiglass.com


SHARE INFORMATION

Place of listing: Main Board of The Stock Exchange
  of Hong Kong Limited
Stock code: 00868
Listing date: 3 February 2005
Board lot: 1,000 ordinary shares
Financial year end: 31 December
Share price as at the date of this annual report: HK$20.75
Market capitalisation as at the date of this annual report:
  Approximately HK$83.4 billion




                                                                   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021    3
Chairman’s Statement


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to announce the full-year audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) for
the financial year ended 31 December 2021.

In comparison with 2020, the Group’s turnover increased by about 63.6% to HK$30,459.1 million in 2021. The net profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company from the continuing operation increased significantly by about 79.9% to
HK$11,555.9 million in 2021. Basic earnings per share (the “Share”) was 287.0 HK cents, as compared with 159.5 HK cents last
year.

We are pleased with the outstanding results achieved by the Group in 2021 and propose payment of a final dividend of 76.0
HK cents per Share upon approval by the shareholders (the “Shareholders”) at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the
“AGM”).

I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2021 and key development highlights for the coming year.


BUSINESS REVIEW

The PRC glass industry has a strong rebound in 2021 due to the strong demand from the overseas
markets, supply-side reform and the new national initiatives
A solid economic recovery has been evident in the PRC since mid-2021 following the outbreak of COVID-19 pandemic. The
Group’s operations in the automobile glass, architectural glass and the float glass segments encountered different challenges
and more importantly, opportunities that emerged.

In spite of the challenges, the Group managed to achieve outstanding results by its comprehensive efforts. On cost control,
the Group implemented stringent policies on production costs and energy conservation. On its product offerings, the Group
focuses on offering high value-added and structure-upgraded glass products, refinement in the product mix of float glass and
automobile glass, and addition of new float glass production capacities in Beihai and Zhangjiagang. As for operations, the
Group streamlined production logistics and adopted effective marketing strategies for its architectural glass and automobile
glass divisions. The appreciation of Renminbi also creates a favourable environment for the business growth of the Group.

The PRC’s float glass industry has experienced strong demand in 2021. This has been reflected in a strong increase in the
average selling prices during the first three quarters of 2021, primarily driven by the high completion rate of real estate sector
in the PRC. In addition, the PRC government is still restricting the granting of new approval for new capacity of float glass, thus
limiting float glass supplies, in order to achieve the nation’s carbon neutral policy.

With more buildings scheduled to be completed in 2021, the new architectural glass projects and sales volume of architectural
glass products posted impressive growth, even though construction projects slowed down slightly at the fourth quarter due
to tight capital chains of property developers in the PRC. The demand for architectural energy-saving Low-E glass has been
strong in the first three quarters of the year. As a result, supported by aggressive marketing strategy and a wide range of value-
added and advanced structured glass products, the Group has maintained a reasonable growth in sales of the architectural glass
segment.




4       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Our marketing and production strategies for automobile glass in 2021 focused on tackling challenges on the extra import
tariff imposed by the US government and the increase in the international freight costs, as well as achieving a sales growth
seizing the opportunities of economic rebound after the wake of COVID-19 pandemic. We have developed new glass products
for applications on advanced driver assistance systems (“ADAS”), head up displays (“HUD”), sound proofing, low-e coating,
sunroofs, and value-added parts that are suitable for both new and existing car models, and are ready to be launched as and
when appropriate.

At the same time, the Group has been exploring new customers opportunities in the PRC and overseas while strengthening
existing customers relationships to increase sales volume for both new and existing product models. The Group’s automobile
glass products are sold in over 130 countries or territories.

As one of the major players in the global glass industry, the Group has secured its market-leading position and enhanced its
economies of scale through strategic expansion and acquisition of production capacities across different product segments,
that incorporate streamlined production process at different locations in the PRC and Malaysia. The Group has also acquired
additional float glass production facilities in the PRC for the purpose of increasing the production capacity under the national
supply-side reform policy during the year.

The Group has also implemented a series of measures that contributed to our strong performance of the year. Such measures
include enhancing cost controls on the supply and consumption of raw materials, owning and operating our silica sand mines
and supply chain and recycling of principal raw materials. Furthermore, the Group has also re-engineered its production process
to boost production efficiency, employed rooftop distributed solar power generation system and low-temperature recycling
residual heat power co-generation systems to generate electricity and hot water for internal consumption and implemented
energy conservation scheme, which at the same time are also in line with the national carbon neutral policy.

To maintain its competitiveness, the Group has developed and launched a range of unique glass products with high value-
added features, accessories and specialties, while adopted proactive pricing and flexible marketing strategies, to make use of the
favorable policies implemented under the Thirteenth Five-Year Plan of the PRC government.


Improved productivity, product quality, technology and economies of scale to enhance production
efficiency and new products development by new research and development (“R&D”) investments
Continuing R&D investments by the Group in production engineering, information technology, big data analysis, environmental
control, and carbon neutrality awareness as well as improvements made to the production process, automation and equipment
maintenance programs, have enhanced its productivity and yield rate, thus, reducing the carbon emissions, wastage, overall
labour, production and energy costs during the year.

The Group’s engineering and design division has designed the latest world-class, environmental friendly and larger capacity float
glass production lines in the PRC and Malaysia. The economies of scale have enabled the generation of significant cost savings
in the procurement and production process and they also facilitated the increased efficiency in the use of fuel and principal raw
materials. To further control the energy costs and carbon emissions, the Group increasingly uses clean environmental-friendly
energy by employing the rooftop distributed solar power generation system and the low-temperature recycling residual heat
power co-generation systems to support the electricity consumption.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021       5
Chairman’s Statement


In addition, the use of natural gas as fuel for the production of high-quality float glass can reduce carbon emissions for a better
air quality environment, improve float glass product quality and enhance the Group’s energy cost structure.

The R&D team continuous to develop new glass products and features and improve product quality to capture the new market
opportunities.


Expansion of high value-added product mix and global coverage which enhances the Group’s overall
competitiveness
While the COVID-19 pandemic was prevalent and markets were competitive, the Group achieved remarkable results in the
automobile glass, architectural glass and high-quality float glass businesses. It was a remarkable performance that demonstrated
the Group’s diversified business segments, integrated production chain, global market coverage, upgraded product structure,
state-of-art production lines and the expanded high value-added product mix could ease operational pressures and risks in any
specific business segment or country despite an uncertain and competitive market environment.


Strong financial position and resources to future expansion
The Group has solid financial position with HK$10,295.1 million bank deposits and cash on hand with a low net debt
gearing ratio of 15.1% as at 31 December 2021. The Group’s strong credit history and the low HIBOR environment resulted
in its effective borrowing rate at 0.94%. During the year, the Group has obtained a total of HK$5,300 million green loans,
demonstrating its ability to secure financing from multiple channels to support capital expenditure and future expansion.


BUSINESS OUTLOOK

Through its continued adoption of advanced technologies at its facilities and unifying management to further improve
operational efficiency, the Group will continue to adopt and enhance flexible strategies in production and supply chains, logistics
and marketing strategies to maintain its leadership and competitive position at the forefront of global glass manufacturers.

In response to the stricter environmental standards about air emissions under the national carbon neutral policy, the PRC
government has continued its tightened supply-side reform policies on the establishment of new float glass production capacity,
acquisition of existing idle capacity and phase-out obsolete and non-compliant float glass production lines. The Group is
embarking on prudent and flexible strategies in response to the current situation of the float glass market in the PRC and in
global markets.

The Group expects the prices for soda ash may be less volatile in the first half of 2022, compared to 2021 levels, due to the
more available supply for a constant demand in the PRC market. Energy costs may also be higher than 2021 levels as the PRC
economy has substantially recovered from the impact of COVID-19 pandemic and high cruel oil price in global market. Thus, the
Group is cautiously optimistic on the prospects for the float glass market, as well as on the average selling price trend in 2021.

The Group has been operating its first silica sand mine and processing factory in Beihai, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region
since the end of 2020. It represents the Group will be able to achieve a higher integration of glass production flow and better
control of major raw material costs and quality. The Group will continue to explore more opportunities on new sources of raw
materials in future.




6     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
The Sino-US trade dispute has had an adverse impact on the additional import tariff pressures on both the US aftermarket
automobile glass customers and our Company, and this impact may persist in 2022.

It is expected that the PRC government would launch further relax and proactive economic and monetary policies to stimulate
the domestic consumption cycle and stablise the property market in 2022. The policies provide for the completion of building
projects and the transfer of ownership to purchasers, which would lead to more construction activities in 2022. In turn, this
would increase the demand for float glass and architectural glass businesses.

The Directors are also optimistic on the continuous development of its automobile glass aftermarket business in the global
markets, as well as on the upbeat prospects of increased sales in the energy-saving and single and double insulated Low-E glass
segments in the future.

After years of expanding its production facilities in the major economic zones of the PRC and Southeast Asia, the Group is
exploring the acquisitions and new expansion opportunities in the PRC and overseas, which can provide direct access to other
markets, lower labour and raw material costs, better production and energy costs and more favourable tax treatment and other
incentives.

The acquisition of float glass business in Hainan province in mid-2021 has strengthened the float glass capacity and the Group’s
market coverage in the southern part of the PRC. The second phase of the Yingkou production complex is due to be built in
2022.

During the year, the Group has formed a new division dedicated to carbon neutrality, which will take responsibility for the
planning, implementation and monitoring of the Group’s carbon neutrality policies and targets. Its initiated energy conservation
plan may also help to improve the overall energy cost structure of the Group.

Solar energy is among the most efficient, reliable and safe forms of renewable energy with lower installation costs than
hydroelectric, nuclear and wind power. It is expected that there will be an increasing number of solar farms constructed in the
PRC in the coming future in support of the national goal of “carbon neutrality” by 2060. Polysilicon is an essential feedstock
for photovoltaics and is widely used to manufacture conventional solar cells. A new polysilicon joint venture was formed with
Xinyi Solar in Yunnan Province, which increased our green and renewable energy investments. The Directors believe that clean
and renewable energy will become the dominant source of energy in the future and that they will continue to drive growth in
demand for clean and renewable energy in the PRC and global market.

The Group will continue to allocate sufficient resources to R&D, enhancement of product quality and introduction of new
products, models and features, as well as exploring new markets, increasing production efficiency, achieving carbon neutrality
goal and conducting staff training in the interests of maintain the manufacturing safety standard, competitiveness and,
ultimately, enhancing profitability.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021     7
Chairman’s Statement


CONCLUSION

The Group continues to tackle and overcome challenges of different degrees amidst changes in the global market environments
and adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic by bolstering its efficiency and increasing its profitability through more effective
and flexible management across its cash management, information technology, logistics, supply chain, production, operational,
marketing and R&D activities, as well as expansion of its business and continued collaboration with its customers and suppliers.
The Directors believe that these will enable the Group to maximise the benefits from the domestic, emerging market and
overseas business opportunities, in addition to being cautiously optimistic about the Group’s long-term business development
prospects.

The Group will continue to implement proven business strategies to maintain and strengthen its growth and performance.
To sustain its industry-leading position, the Group is also exploring opportunities for extending its business presence in the
global glass market across a broader spectrum of industries, applications and products as well as developing other business
partnerships that may turn out to be beneficial.




Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman


28 February 2022




8    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                       Management’s Discussion and Analysis


INTRODUCTION

The Group is engaged in the production and sales of a wide range of glass products, including automobile glass, energy-saving
architectural glass, high-quality float glass and other glass products for different commercial and industrial applications. These
glass products are manufactured at production facilities which are strategically located in the PRC and Malaysia. In the PRC,
the Group’s facilities are established in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Jiangmen in Guangdong Province, Wuhu in Anhui Province,
Tianjin, Yingkou in Liaoning Province, Deyang in Sichuan Province, Zhangjiagang in Jiangsu Province, Beihai in Guangxi Zhuang
Autonomous Region and Chengmai County in Hainan Province. In Malaysia, the Group operates a production facility in Malacca.
In addition to the glass products, the Group also produces rubber and plastic components for automobiles.

The Group’s customers are in over 140 countries and territories, including the PRC, Hong Kong, the United States, Canada,
Australia, New Zealand and other countries in Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa and the Americas. The Group’s customers
include companies engaged in the businesses of automobile glass manufacturing, wholesale and distribution, automobile
repair, motor vehicle manufacturing, curtain wall engineering and installation, architectural and furniture glass manufacturing,
electronic and household appliance manufacturing and float glass wholesale and distribution.


BUSINESS REVIEW

As a result of the appreciation of RMB in the second half of the year and the fact that the PRC is the first country experiencing
economic recovery without significant production interruption following the COVID-19 pandemic, the Group’s three glass
product businesses, namely float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, have experienced different growth rates in the
sales volume and the selling prices.

The Group maintains its leading position in the global glass industry in 2021 due to the strong demand for high-quality float
glass and architectural glass in the PRC and automobile glass in the global market. In 2021, revenue of the Group marked
a significant growth of 63.6% to HK$30,459.1 million, as compared with HK$18,615.9 million in 2020. Profit for the year
attributable to the equity holders of the Company surged by 79.9% to HK$11,555.9 million, as compared with HK$6,422.2
million in 2020. The compound annual growth rate of the Group’s sales during the five-year period including 2021 was 19.9%.
Basic earnings per Share amounted to 287.0 HK cents, a significant growth of 79.9% as compared to 2020. The Board proposes
to declare a final cash dividend of 76.0 HK cents per Share, subject to the approval by the Shareholders at the forthcoming
AGM.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021       9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Sales
Sales increased by 63.6% in 2021, principally due to sales volume growth and increase in selling prices of float glass,
architectural glass and automobile glass products in the PRC and in the global market.

The tables below set forth the Group’s sales by products and by geographical regions:

                                                                                        Year Ended 31 December

                                                                                2021                                     2020
                                                                   HK$’million                     %         HK$’million                 %

By Products
Float glass products                                                   21,907.5                  71.9           11,794.7                63.4
Automobile glass products (Note (a))                                     5,457.0                 17.9             4,609.0               24.8
Architectural glass products                                             3,094.6                 10.2             2,212.2               11.8

                                                                       30,459.1                100.0            18,615.9               100.0


Note:

(a)      Included sales of automobile glass and automobile rubber and plastic components on an original equipment manufacturing (“OEM”)
         basis and on aftermarkets basis, respectively.

                                                                                        Year Ended 31 December

                                                                                2021                                     2020
                                                                   HK$’million                     %         HK$’million                 %

By Geographical Regions
Greater China (Note (a))                                               23,700.0                  77.8           13,636.3                73.3
North America                                                            2,233.9                  7.3             1,964.0               10.5
Others (Note (b))                                                        4,525.2                 14.9             3,015.6               16.2

                                                                       30,459.1                100.0            18,615.9               100.0


Notes:

(a)      Greater China include the PRC and Hong Kong.

(b)      Others include Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Africa, the Middle East, Central America, South America and other countries.




10       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Cost of Sales
The increase in production costs is largely attributable to the increase in production volume of float glass, automobile glass
and architectural glass. In the second half of 2021, soda ash and energy prices in the PRC increased significantly. Improved
production efficiency, effective cost control measures and the use of renewable energy have led to a lower increment rate of the
cost of sales of 35.4% to HK$14,682.0 million in 2021, compared with HK$10,844.4 million in 2020. As such percentage of
increase was lower than that in sales, the profitability of the Group increased as a result.


Gross Profit
Gross profit in 2021 was HK$15,777.1 million, representing an increase of 103.0%, as compared with HK$7,771.4 million in
2020. The overall gross profit margin has increased from 41.7% to 51.8% principally due to the increase in the average selling
prices of float glass products.


Other Income
Other income increased to HK$614.2 million, as compared with HK$464.0 million in 2020. The increase was mainly due to the
PRC government grants received in 2021.


Other Gains, Net
Net other gains decreased by 87.1% and amounted to HK$115.1 million in 2021, as compared with net other gains of
HK$889.0 million in 2020. The drop was principally due to two non-recurring dilution gains from the share placements of Xinyi
Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”) in the second half of 2020.


Selling and Marketing Costs
The Group’s selling and marketing costs increased by 63.0% to HK$1,562.2 million in 2021, in line with the sales growth rate.
The increment was principally due to the increase in both domestic and overseas transportation costs and additional import tariff
imposed by the US.


Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses increased by 36.7% to HK$2,446.0 million in 2021, mainly due
to the increase in employee expenses and benefits for the new production complexes, as well as an increase in research and
development expenses.




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021   11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Finance Costs
The Group’s finance costs decreased significantly by 19.6% to HK$155.1 million in 2021 mainly due to the drop in the HIBOR
rate during the year. A portion of the interest expense incurred as construction-in-progress and acquisition of plant and
machinery at the production complexes in Beihai, Yingkou and Zhangjiagang was capitalised under construction-in-progress,
and will be depreciated subsequently once the related production facilities and the new production lines commence commercial
operation. An interest expense amounting to HK$21.3 million was capitalised under construction-in-progress in 2021, which
was a significant drop of 66.7% as compared to HK$63.9 million in 2020. The lesser capitalised interest expense represented a
lower self-building capital expenditure incurred in 2021.


Earnings Before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”)
EBITDA increased by 74.7% to HK$15,123.2 million for the year ended 31 December 2021, as compared with HK$8,654.9
million in 2020.


Income Tax Expense
The Group’s income tax expense increased significantly by 114.8% to HK$1,931.0 million in 2021 due to higher profits
generated and more PRC dividend withholding tax paid during the year. The effective tax rate increased to 14.3%. The effective
tax rate was lower than the standard tax rates mainly due to more profits generated by our subsidiaries that are qualified for the
preferential PRC high-tech enterprise CIT tax rate of 15%.

The PRC dividend withholding tax of HK$179.9 million was paid in 2021.

A total amount of RMB2,255.0 million dividends from the Group’s PRC subsidiaries were re-invested in other PRC subsidiaries
that no withholding tax has been recognised in according to the PRC dividend withholding tax rules under current PRC taxation
policies in 2021.


Net Profit
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was HK$11,555.9 million in 2021, representing an increase of 79.9%,
as compared with HK$6,422.2 million in 2020. Net profit margin increased to 37.9% in 2021.


CURRENT RATIO

The Group’s current ratio as of 31 December 2021 was 1.89, as compared with 1.49 as of 31 December 2020.


NET CURRENT ASSETS

As of 31 December 2021, the Group had net current assets of HK$9,146.2 million, as compared with HK$4,246.4 million as of
31 December 2020. The increase was in line with the increases in the current ratio and net profit.




12    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND COMMITMENTS

For the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group incurred an aggregate capital expenditure of HK$4,042.6 million (2020:
HK$3,772.9 million) for the purchase of plant and machinery and the construction of factory premises in the PRC and Malaysia,
which included the acquisition costs of a float glass factory in Hainan Province. Capital commitments contracted for but not
incurred by the Group as of 31 December 2021 amounted to HK$1,368.2 million (2020: HK$862.4 million), which were mainly
related to the proposed investment in a polysilicon project in Yunnan Province and new production capacity of architectural
glass, automobile glass and float glass, planned to be added in the PRC and Malaysia.


CAPITAL STRUCTURE

There has been no material change in the capital structure of the Company during the year. The capital of the Group companies
comprises the ordinary shares.


FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

In 2021, the Group’s primary source of funding included cash generated from its operating activities and the new banking
facilities provided by its principal banks in Hong Kong and the PRC. Net cash inflow from operating activities amounted to
HK$10,947.1 million (2020: HK$4,504.3 million) as a result of a substantial increase in net profit for the year and efficient
working capital management which led to a net cash surplus from operations. As of 31 December 2021, the Group had cash
and bank balances (including fixed deposits and pledged bank deposits) of HK$10,295.1 million (2020: HK$5,304.1 million).


BANK BORROWINGS

As of 31 December 2021, the Group’s bank and other borrowings amounted to HK$15,492.7 million representing an increase
of 33.9% as compared with a balance of HK$11,574.0 million as of 31 December 2020 because of the increase in capital
expenditure during the year.

The Group’s net debt gearing ratio as of 31 December 2021 was 15.1% (31 December 2020: 22.4%). This ratio was calculated
by dividing the net bank debt, which is calculated as total borrowings less cash and cash equivalents, bank balances, fixed bank
deposits and pledged bank deposits, by the total equity of the Group as of 31 December 2021.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As of 31 December 2021, a bank balance of HK$59.4 million has been pledged as collateral principally for import duties payable
to the US government.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021     13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of 31 December 2021, the Group had 14,706 full-time employees: 13,769 were based in the PRC and 937 were based in
Hong Kong and other countries and territories. The Group maintains good relationship with all of its employees and provides
employees with sufficient training in business and professional knowledge including information about the applications of the
Group’s products and skills in maintaining good client relationship. Remuneration packages offered to the Group’s employees
are generally consistent with prevailing markets terms and reviewed on a regular basis. Discretionary bonuses may be awarded
to employees taking into consideration the Group’s performance and that of individual staff.

Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, the Group has participated in relevant defined contribution retirement schemes
administered by responsible government authorities in the PRC for its employees there. The Group’s employees in Hong
Kong are all participating in mandatory provident fund arrangements as required by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong).


FINAL DIVIDEND

At the meeting of the Board held on Monday, 28 February 2022, the Directors recommended the payment of a final cash
dividend (the “Final Dividend”) of 76.0 HK cents per Share for the year ended 31 December 2021. The recommendation of
payment of the Final Dividend is subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the forthcoming AGM which is expected to
be held on Thursday, 2 June 2022. If approved by the Shareholders, it is expected that the Final Dividend will be payable on
or about Wednesday,6 July 2022 to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on
Monday, 13 June 2022,


TREASURY POLICIES AND EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES

The Group has adopted treasury policies for the purpose of optimising the use of readily-available financial resources for the
business needs of its different subsidiaries. The Directors believe that such treasury policies are an integral part of the business
operations of the Group and are beneficial to the Group as a whole by reducing the costs and interests that may otherwise be
borne by its relevant subsidiaries in arranging the required banking facilities to meet obligations. For example, the Group has
adopted a centralised approach in managing funds available to its headquarters, subsidiaries and branches, including cash, bank
deposits, securities, bills and other financial instruments. These assets, such as bills and financial instruments, are managed and
arranged amongst subsidiaries of the Group through proper endorsements or transfers to the different subsidiaries so they can
be fully utilised to meet the Group’s payment obligations with minimal financing cost. The Group closely monitors the level
of use and the value of each of these transactions only represents an immaterial part of its total assets and undertakings. The
Directors believe that these policies promote the efficient use of the Group’s financial resources.




14    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
In addition, the treasury policies of the Group also include mechanisms to mitigate its foreign exchange risks. The Group mainly
operates in the PRC with most of its significant transactions denominated and settled in RMB and in US Dollars (“USD”). The
exchange rate fluctuations between the RMB and the USD or the RMB and the Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”), the reporting
currency of the Group, could affect the Group’s performance and asset value. The Directors do not foresee the Group is subject
to any significant foreign exchange risk for transactions conducted in HKD or USD. The exchange rate fluctuations between the
Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”) and the HKD could also affect the Group’s performance and asset value.

Because of the appreciation in the exchange rate of the RMB in the second half of 2021, the Group reported non-cash
translation increases in the exchange reserve of its consolidated balance sheet — when converting RMB-denominated assets
into HKD. For the year ended 31 December 2021, an exchanges reserve increase of HK$1,088.9 million was recorded as
foreign currency translations reserve movement. As a result, the balance of the consolidated foreign currency translations
reserve account recorded a credit balance of HK$1,830.4 million as of 31 December 2021 as compared with a credit balance of
HK$741.6 million as of 31 December 2020.

Relating to the Group’s PRC business, revenue from the sales of glass products is denominated in RMB whilst most bank
borrowings are denominated in HKD. In implementing its treasury policies, the Group maintained a deliberate balance between
the currency risk and the interest savings arising from HKD-denominated bank borrowings. As of 31 December 2021, all bank
borrowings of the Group were denominated in HKD.

The Group has not experienced any material difficulties and liquidity issues resulting from currency exchange fluctuations.
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group has not used any financial instrument for hedging purposes.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of 31 December 2021, the Group did not have any significant contingent liability (31 December 2020: Nil).


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

Save as disclosed in this report, there was no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies during
the year ended 31 December 2021.


SIGNIFICANT EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this report.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021     15
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (李賢義) aged 69, is the Chairman and founder, responsible for the Group’s business strategy. Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, B.B.S. has more than 31 years’ experience in the automobile glass industry. Prior to establishing the Group, Dr. LEE Yin Yee,
B.B.S. was involved in the trading of automobile parts. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. has been the national committee member of the
Tenth, Eleventh, Twelfth and Thirteenth Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and an honorary citizen of Shenzhen
in the PRC. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. obtained a honorable doctorate degree in engineering from the Universiti Teknikal Malaysia
Melaka in November 2018. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. was appointed in December 2003 as the first chairman of Shenzhen Fujian
Corporate Association. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is also the Life Honorary Chairman of the Hong Kong Quanzhou Clans United
Association and the Fukienese Association Limited in Hong Kong. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, the
executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is also the brother-in-law of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, the Vice-Chairman and executive
Director and brother-in-law of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., the Chief Executive Officer and executive Director. Dr. LEE
Yin Yee, B.B.S. was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the chairman and executive
director of Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (”Xinyi Solar“), a company listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong
Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (stock code: 968). Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. was the chairman and non-executive director of
Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”), a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3868)
from 28 May 2019 to 4 August 2020.

Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (董清波), aged 59, is the Vice-Chairman and Chief Purchasing Officer, responsible for managing our daily
operations and overseeing our purchasing functions. Prior to joining us in January 2000, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor had over 15 years’
experience in automobile parts purchase. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor is a member of The Tenth Chinese People’s Political Consultative
Conference of Anhui Province since 1 January 2011 and also a member of Nanping Committee of Fujian Province. Mr. TUNG
Ching Bor is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., the executive Director, brother of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.,
the Chief Executive Officer and executive Director, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, the executive Director. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor
was appointed as our executive Director on 25 June 2004.




16   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M , J.P. (董清世), aged 56, is the executive Director and Chief Executive Officer. Tan
Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. has been with us for over 33 years since our inception in November 1988 and is responsible for
overseeing our daily operations. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is a standing committee member of the twelve session of
the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Regional Committee of the Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference, (中國人民政
治協商會議第十二屆廣西壯族自治區委員會常委) a member of the executive committee of the twelve session of the All-China
Federation of Industry and Commerce (第十二屆全國工商聯執行委員會委員), chairman of the Happy Hong Kong Foundation,
and the president of Hong Kong Industrial & Commercial Association, vice chairman of the China Architectural and Industrial
Glass Association (中國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會), the Third Shenzhen Municipal Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneur in
September 2001 and was awarded the “Young Industrialist Awards of Hong Kong 2006”. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P.
graduated from the Sun Yat-Sen University with an executive master degree of business administration in 2007. Tan Sri Datuk
TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., brother of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, and uncle of Mr. LEE
Shing Kan, all of them are the executive Directors. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. was appointed as the executive Director
on 25 June 2004. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the vice chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Solar, a company
listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 968), the vice chairman and executive director of Xinyi Energy, a
company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3868) and the chairman and non-executive director of
Xinyi Electric Storage Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Electric Storage”). a company listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (“GEM”)
of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).

Mr. LEE Shing Kan (李聖根), aged 42, is the executive Director and is responsible for overseeing the overall automobile glass
operation. Mr. LEE Shing Kan joined the Company in January 2005. Mr. LEE Shing Kan holds a bachelor’s degree in commerce
from The University of Melbourne, Australia and a master’s degree in applied finance from Monash University, Australia. Mr.
LEE Shing Kan is the member of the Fujian Province Committee of Chinese People’s Political Consultative Conference and chief
supervisor of the Federation of HK Sichuan Community organisations. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was the director (2012-2014) of Tung
Wah Group of Hospitals. Mr. LEE Shing Kan has been the executive committee member and the vice chairman of the Lok Sin
Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon since 2018 and April 2020 respectively. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.,
nephew of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P., all of them are the executive Director. Mr. LEE Shing
Kan was appointed as the executive Director on 15 October 2008. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is a non-executive director of Xinyi Electric
Storage, a company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021     17
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai (李清懷), aged 64, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. LI Ching Wai has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. LI Ching Wai was appointed as the
non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. SZE Nang Sze (施能獅), aged 64, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to
joining the Group, Mr. SZE Nang Sze has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. SZE Nang Sze was appointed
as the non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. LI Ching Leung (李清涼), aged 65, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2004. Mr. LI Ching
Leung was the assistant general manager of the Wuhu production complex. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. LI Ching Leung has
worked in the trading of automobile parts industry, manufacturing of plastic products and mould industry, and manufacturing
of leather products industry. Mr. LI Ching Leung was appointed as the executive Director on 25 August 2004 and was re-
designated as non-executive Director on 14 September 2005.

Mr. NG Ngan Ho (吳銀河), aged 57, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2003. Mr. NG Ngan
Ho was responsible for overseeing the financial and purchasing matters of the Dongguan production complex. Mr. NG Ngan
Ho was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004 and was re-designated as non-executive Director on 1 July 2007.
Mr. NG Ngan Ho is the executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
8328).




18   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. (林廣兆), aged 88, is the vice chairman of BOC International Holdings Limited, the honorary
chairman of Hong Kong Federation of Fujian Associations, the Life Honorary Chairman of Hong Kong Fukien Chamber of
Commerce, the vice chairman of Fujian Hong Kong Economic Co-operation, the Life Honorary Chairman of the Chinese General
Chamber of Commerce, the Adviser of the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association, the honorary president of the Chinese
Bankers Club of Hong Kong. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu has also been the director of Bank of China International Limited (formerly
named “BOCI Capital Limited”) since July 2002. Mr. LAM Kwong Sui has been an independent non-executive director of Fujian
Holdings Limited (stock code: 0181) since December 2003, Yuzhou Group Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 1628) since
October 2009 and Far East Consortium International Limited (stock code: 0035) since September 2011, all of them are listed
on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu. was an independent non-executive director of China Overseas
Land & Investment Limited (stock code: 0688) from September 2003 to June 2020, Skymission Group Holdings Limited (stock
code:1429) from November 2019 to September 2021 and Vico International Holdings Limited (stock code: 1621) from January
2018 to April 2019, all of them are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was awarded the
HKSAR Gold Bauhinia Star and Silver Bauhinia Star in 2016 and 2003 respectively. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was appointed as the
independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.

Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel (王則左), aged 72, is currently a Barrister-at-Law in Hong Kong and a Chartered Arbitrator. Mr.
WONG Chat Chor Samuel, a member of several arbitration institutions, is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, a
Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, Executive Council member of the Hong Kong Society for Rehabilitation and
Crime Prevention, is the present president of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, is a member of the International Chamber
of Commerce (“ICC”) and the ICC Arbitration Committee of Hong Kong. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is also on the panels of
the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission, the Hong Kong International Arbitration Center and on the
panels of the Arbitration Commissions of Wuhan, Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration, Shanghai Court of International
Arbitration, Guangzhou and Huizhou of China. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is a member of the Peoples’ Political Consultative
Committee of Wenzhou, Zhejiang, the PRC. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel received a master degree in business administration
from Harvard University and a master and a bachelor degree in Arts from Tufts University, Massachusetts. Mr. WONG Chat Chor
Samuel was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.




                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021    19
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., JP (王英偉), aged 69, is the president and executive director of Sands China Limited (stock code:
1928), the shares of which are listed on the Stock Exchange. Dr. WONG Ying Wai was appointed as the independent non-
executive Director on 1 November 2007.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai joined the Administrative Officer grade of the Hong Kong Government in 1975 and served in a number
of key positions including Deputy Secretary for the Civil Service and Deputy Director General of Industry. Dr. WONG Ying Wai
joined the private sector in 1992 and since then, he has held top management positions in a number of Hong Kong listed
companies in the property development and construction business sectors including K. Wah International Holdings Limited,
Henderson China Holdings Limited, Shui On Group and Hsin Chong Construction Group Ltd.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai started his political career at the national level when he was appointed a member of The Basic Law
Consultative Committee (1985-1990) by the Central People’s Government. He was subsequently appointed by the National
People’s Congress as a member of the Preliminary Working Committee for the Hong Kong SAR Preparatory Committee in 1993
and a member of the Hong Kong SAR Preparatory Committee in 1995, both bodies were responsible for the transitional policies
and arrangements relating to the establishment of the HKSAR Government in 1997. Dr. WONG Ying Wai was a Deputy to the
National People’s Congress of the PRC during 1997-2013.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai’s public service continues through his participation in a number of councils and committees in Hong
Kong and Macao. He is currently the chairman of Hong Kong Arts Development Council, the chairman of the Hong Kong Film
Development Council, the chairman emeritus of the Hong Kong Baptist University Foundation, the chairman and director of
The Hong Kong International Film Festival Society Limited, Asian Film Awards Academy Limited and Hong Kong Institute for
Public Administration, a director and the chairman emeritus of Pacific Basin Economic Council Limited, a member of the Tourism
Committee of the Government of the Macao Special Administrative Region. He was the chairman of the Court and Council of
the Hong Kong Baptist University during the period from 2007 to 2012.

Dr. WONG Ying Wai was awarded the Gold Bauhinia Star and Silver Bauhinia Star Medal by the Hong Kong SAR Government
in 2015 and 2007. He was educated at Harvard University (MPA), Oxford University, University of Hong Kong (BSoc.Sc.) and the
Chinese University of Hong Kong. Dr. WONG was conferred the honorary degree for doctor of humanities by the Hong Kong
Baptist University in November 2013.




20   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John (陳傳華), aged 50, obtained a bachelor’s degree in business administration from Simon Fraser
University in June 1993 and obtained a doctorate degree of ministry from Fuller Theological Seminary in 2017. Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John is currently a minister of Evangelical Free Churches of China Jachin Church Limited. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John
has over 16 years of experience in accounting and investment banking industry, during which Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John had
worked in Price Waterhouse (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers) and various financial institutions and investment banks in
Hong Kong. During the period between 2003 and 2006, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was the Managing Director and the Head
of Investment Banking of Kingsway Financial Services Group Limited (“Kingsway Group”). Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was a
consultant to Kingsway Group during the period from 2006 to 2009. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a member of each of
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 1996 and
1997, respectively. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a Chartered Financial Analyst (granted by the Association for Investment
Management and Research) in September 1999. Dr.TRAN Chuen Wah, John was appointed as the independent non-executive
Director on 31 December 2012.

Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David (譚偉雄), aged 72, has more than 40 years of experience in commercial banking industry in Hong
Kong and the PRC. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David started his career in 1968 when he joined The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
Corporation (“HSBC”). During his career with HSBC, Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David held various senior positions in Hong Kong and
overseas and his last position with HSBC was Senior Executive — Payments and Cash Management-Asia Pacific in 1999. Since
March 1999, Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David worked with Hang Seng Bank Limited and held various senior positions in corporate
and commercial banking and risk management. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David retired from Hang Seng Bank Limited in January
2012 as a Deputy General Manager and his last position with the bank was Chief Risk Officer. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David was
a director of Yantai Bank (煙台銀行), a city commercial bank in Yantai, Shandong Province, the PRC from December 2012 to
June 2017. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David is currently an independent non-executive director of Dah Sing Banking Group Limited,
which shares are listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2356). Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David is currently an independent non-
executive director of Dah Sing Bank Limited. Mr.TAM Wai Hung, David was an independent non-executive director of Dah Sing
Financial Holdings Limited (stock code:0440) from December 2018 to June 2021 and a non-executive director of Nameson
Holdings Limited (stock code:1982) from August 2015 to April 2022, both of them are listed on the Main Board of the Stock
Exchange. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David became a fellow member of the Institute of Bankers in the United Kingdom and the Hong
Kong Institute of Bankers in 1986 and 1995, respectively. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David received a master’s degree in business
administration from the University of Toronto in 1991.




                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021    21
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. LAU Sik Yuen (劉錫源), aged 55, is the Company Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of the Group. Prior
to joining the Group in April 2003, Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had over thirteen years’ experience in auditing and financial accounting
industry. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is responsible for the Group’s financial, management and cost accounting, taxation, treasury and
investor relations strategy and operation. Mr. LAU Sik Yuen had worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers for over five years, and had
been the financial controller of a subsidiary of a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange for over three years.
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. XU Bi Zhong (許必忠), aged 53, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the group logistics and
electronic glass operations. Mr. XU Bi Zhong obtained a diploma of administrative management from Shenzhen University. Prior
to joining the Group in May 2004, Mr. XU Bi Zhong worked for a float glass trading company and a float glass plant in PRC for
over twelve years.

Mr. LENG Xue Feng (冷雪峰), aged 54, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the group float glass
operation. Mr. LENG Xue Feng obtained bachelor degree in silicate from Qíqíhaer Light Industrial University. Prior to joining the
Group in July 2007, Mr. LENG Xue Feng had worked in float glass manufacturing sector for eighteen years.

Mr. GUO Jian Lin (郭建林), aged 53, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the group information and
technology centre and supply chain management. Mr. GUO obtained a bachelor degree in industrial management from Jiangxi
University of Finance and Economics. Mr. GUO is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Prior to
joining the Group in March 2008, Mr. GUO worked in accounting and auditing sector.

Mr. LIAO Jiang Hong (廖江紅), aged 44, is the General Manager of the Group and is mainly overseeing the group architectural
glass projects operation. Mr. LIAO Jiang Hong obtained a diploma of psychology from Chinese Academy of Sciences. He joined
the Group in April 1994.




22    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                             Corporate Governance Report


The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in the management structure and internal control
procedures of the Group for the purpose of ensuring that all business activities of the Group and the decision-making process
are properly regulated and are in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. For corporate governance purpose,
the Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set forth in Part 2 of Appendix 14 to The Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities of the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”). For corporate governance purpose, the
Company has adopted the CG Code throughout the year of 2021.

The Company has applied the principles and in the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the applicable
principles and code provisions of the CG Code throughout the year ended 31 December 2021.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

One of the responsibilities of the Board is to prevent fraud and non-compliance issues, safeguard the assets of the Group
and formulate the overall business strategies for the Group. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors, four non-
executive Directors and five independent non-executive Directors. Further information on the Directors is set forth on pages 16
to 21 of this annual report.

The four executive Directors are Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. and Mr. LEE
Shing Kan. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, and also the brother-in-law of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Mr. TUNG Ching Bor is the elder brother of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Hence, Mr.
LEE Shing Kan is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. and nephew of Mr. TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P..

The four non-executive Directors are Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. LI Ching Leung and Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

The five independent non-executive Directors are Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying
Wai, G.B.S., J.P., Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David.


Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is the Chairman of the Group and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the Chief Executive Officer of the
Group. The Chairman is responsible for managing and providing leadership to the Board. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. is responsible
for ensuring that the Group has maintained strong and effective corporate governance practices and procedures. The Chief
Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the business of the Group. With the assistance of other
members of the Board and other senior management, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. closely monitors the operating and
financial results of the Group, identifies any weakness in the operation and takes all necessary and appropriate steps to remedy
such weakness. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is also responsible for formulating the future business plans and strategies of
the Group for the Board’s approval.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021     23
Corporate Governance Report


Board Diversity Policy
The Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive directors, one independent non-executive director of which has the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related finance management expertise and the independent non-executive directors represent at
least one-third of the Board.

Where there is any casual vacancy in the Board, candidates will be proposed and put forward to the Board for consideration and
approval, with a view to appointing to the Board individuals with the appropriate capabilities to fill the casual vacancy.

Members of the Board, who come from a variety of different backgrounds, have a diverse range of business, and professional
expertise. Brief biographical particulars of the Directors, together with information relating to the relationship among them, are
set forth on pages 16 to 21 in this annual report.

The Board considers that its diversity is a vital asset to the business. The Board adopted a Board Diversity Policy for better
transparency and governance. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service.

All of the four non-executive Directors were appointed for a term of three years, commencing from 1 January 2020. Two of the
independent non-executive Directors, Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. and Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, were appointed for a
term of three years commencing from 3 February 2020. The independent non-executive Director, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S.,
J.P., was appointed for a term of three years commencing from 1 November 2020. Two of the independent non-executive
Directors, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David, were appointed for a term of three years commencing
from 31 December 2018. The Company has received written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive
Directors in respect of his independence in accordance with the independence guidelines pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors have fulfilled the independence guidelines set
forth under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.




24    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Attendance records of the Directors at board meetings and general meeting in 2021 are as follows:

                                                                                              Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                    Annual
                                                                                                    general          Board
                                                                                                    meeting      meetings

Executive Directors
  LEE Yin Yee                                                                                           1/1               5/5
  TUNG Ching Bor                                                                                        1/1               5/5
  TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                        1/1               5/5
  LEE Shing Kan                                                                                         1/1               5/5

Non-executive Directors
  LI Ching Wai                                                                                          1/1               5/5
  LI Ching Leung                                                                                        1/1               5/5
  SZE Nang Sze                                                                                          1/1               5/5
  NG Ngan Ho                                                                                            1/1               5/5

Independent non-executive Directors
  LAM Kwong Siu                                                                                         1/1               5/5
  WONG Ying Wai                                                                                         1/1               5/5
  WONG Chat Chor Samuel                                                                                 1/1               5/5
  TRAN Chuen Wah, John                                                                                  1/1               5/5
  TAM Wai Hung, David                                                                                   1/1               5/5

During the financial year ended 31 December 2021, the Board has five meetings, which were held on 1 March 2021, 30 June
2021, 2 August 2021, 16 December 2021 and 19 December 2021, respectively, and majority of the Directors had attended
these meetings.

The Board is responsible for the formulation of the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, monitoring and evaluating
the operating and financial performance, the review of the corporate governance measures and supervision of the overall
management of the Group. The senior management of the Group is responsible for the implementation of the business
strategies and the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Directors have
full access to all the information of the Group in regard to the business operation and financial performance of the Group.
Senior management of the Group also provides the Directors from time to time with information on business operation of the
Group.




                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021     25
Corporate Governance Report


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Group has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) set forth
in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors. Directors are reminded
of their obligations under the Model Code on a regular basis. Following specific enquiries by the Group, all Directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set forth in the Model Code throughout the year ended 31
December 2021 and up to the date of this annual report.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor
Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P., Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. The chairman of the
Remuneration Committee is Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing the terms of the remuneration packages of and
determining the award of bonuses to Directors and senior management. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange. During the year ended 31 December 2021, a meeting of the Remuneration Committee was
held on 1 March 2021 and all the committee members attended this meeting.

Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the
year ended 31 December 2021 is set forth below:

                                                                                                                 Number of
In the band of                                                                                                   individuals

Over HK$30,000,000                                                                                                          4
HK$2,000,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                                                5

Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 35 to the consolidated financial statements of the Group on pages 175
to 177 in this annual report.




26    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises five independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.,
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P., Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David.
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. is the chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee assists the Board to review the financial information and reporting process, evaluate the effectiveness of
internal control systems and oversee the auditing processes of the Group. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee has held three meetings during the year ended 31 December 2021
on 1 March 2021, 2 August 2021 and 26 November 2021, respectively, for reviewing the annual and interim financial results
and reports as well as the financial reporting and compliance procedures, internal control and risk management systems, scope
of work and appointment of external auditors, and all the committee members attended these meetings.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee of the Board consists of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LAM Kwong
Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel and Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. The chairman of the Nomination Committee is
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity (including the skills, knowledge
and experience) of the Board on a regular basis, assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the
Company, and make recommendations to the Board regarding the appointment, retirement and re-election of Directors.
The Nomination Committee was established on 29 October 2007 and its terms of reference are posted on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Nomination Committee held a meeting on 1 March 2021 with all the committee
members attended this meeting for the year ended 31 December 2021.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021    27
Corporate Governance Report


NOMINATION POLICY

When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any
existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including without limitation the
following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

–     Reputation for integrity;

–     Achieve board diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
      professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

–     Merit and contribution that candidate will bring to the Board;

–     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Listing Rules for the appointment of an independent
      non-executive Director if the proposed candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director; and

–     Able to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company’s business.

The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder
of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board.

Procedures for Shareholders’ nomination of any proposed candidate for election as a director are stated in “Mechanisms
available for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company” and disclosed in the Company’s
website.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021 have been reviewed by the
audit committee and audited by the external auditor, PricewaterhouseCoopers. The Directors acknowledge that it is their
responsibilities in (i) overseeing the preparation of the financial statements of the Group with a view to ensure that such financial
statements give a true and fair view of the state of affairs of the Group, and (ii) selecting suitable accounting policies, applying
the selected accounting policies consistently, and making prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates for the preparation
of the financial statements of the Group.

The statement of the auditors of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements
of the Group is set forth in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 55 to 60 of this annual report.




28    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

For the year under review, the professional fees charged by the auditors of the group companies in respect of the auditing
services is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration paid to the auditor of the Group is
solely for audit of consolidated financial statements of the Group during the year, which amounted to approximately HK$3.1
million.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of risk management and internal control
so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the operations of the Group in achieving the established corporate objectives,
safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives of the Group.

The key elements of the Group’s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

–     Well-defined organisational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting lines and
      responsibilities to minimise risk of errors and abuse;

–     Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major functions and
      operations;

–     Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained staff;

–     Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date business and financial
      reporting, immediate corrective actions are taken where necessary; and

–     Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of
risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021.

A risk-based approach is adopted to ensure that a methodical coverage of the Group’s operations and resources are focused
on high risk areas. The internal audit team takes the lead to evaluate the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group by reviewing the major operations of the Group on a rotational basis every year. The review covers all material controls
including financial, operational, compliance controls and risk management. Review results and recommendations in the form
of written reports are submitted to the Audit Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the
internal audit team to ensure that findings previously identified have been properly resolved.

Based on the results of the internal control review for the year ended 31 December 2021 and the assessment of the Audit
Committee thereon, no significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is
satisfied that appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for the year ended
31 December 2021.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021     29
Corporate Governance Report


INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY

The Company has established an inside information policy which contains the guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant
employees (likely possessing the unpublished inside information) of the Group to ensure that the inside information of the
Group is to be disseminated to public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and regulation.


DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

We provide to all the Directors a comprehensive induction package which includes introduction on the business operations,
internal procedures and general policy of the Company and a summary of statutory and regulatory obligations of directors
under the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. During the year, the Directors are provided with regular updates
on the Group’s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters to enable the Board as a whole and
each Director to discharge their duties. The Directors are also encouraged to attend both in-house training and training provided
by independent service providers. During the period under review, all Directors participated in various trainings organised by the
Company, including the “Disclosure Obligation for Listed Companies and Officers” and “Update on the requirements
under the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Ordinance”. According to the training records maintained by the Company, each Director has confirmed that he has obtained
reading and training materials during the year under review and has attended the trainings in relation to various aspects,
including but not limited to, director’s duties, update on Listing Rules amendments and corporate governance practices.


COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary is Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and
a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. LAU is also the chief financial officer of the Company.
He assists the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the policy and procedures of the Board are
followed. He has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in 2021, in compliance with Rule 3.29 of the
Listing Rules.




30    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company endeavours to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective communications with its Shareholders
and investors. In an effort to facilitate and enhance the relationships and communication, the Company has established the
following channels:

(i)     the Annual General Meeting provides a forum for the Shareholders of the Company to raise comments and exchange
        views with the Board. The Directors are available at the Annual General Meetings of the Company to address Shareholders’
        queries;

(ii)    the Company maintains a website at www.xinyiglass.com, where updated key information/news of the Group is available
        for public access;

(iii)   interim and annual results are announced as early as possible, to keep the Shareholders of the Company informed of the
        Group’s performance and operations;

(iv)    investor, analyst and media briefing are held as early as practicable after the publication of the interim and annual results;

(v)     the Company’s management may meet with Shareholders, potential investors and research analysts upon request and
        provide update of the latest business development of the Group and answer their queries in accordance with the Group’s
        Inside Information Policy;

(vi)    Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal
        place of business of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary or via e-mail to “ir@xinyiglass.com.hk”;
        and

(vii)   Shareholders may direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong Kong,
        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.




                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021       31
Corporate Governance Report


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHT TO CONVENE A SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING

Pursuant to Article 64 of the articles of association (the “Articles”) of the Company, an extraordinary general meeting (“EGM”)
shall also be convened on the requisition of one or more shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not
less than one tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings. Such requisition shall
be made in writing to the Board or the company secretary of the Company for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called
by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months
after the deposit of such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the
requisitionist(s) himself (themselves) may do so in the same manner, and all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s)
as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the requisitionist(s) by the Company.


INVESTOR RELATIONS

A printed copy of the memorandum and articles of association of the Company has been published on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange. There has been no change in the Company’s constitutional documents during the year
ended 31 December 2021.




32    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                              Report of the Directors


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended
31 December 2021.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding whereas its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the production
and sales of float glass products, automobile glass products, construction glass products and a variety of related products in
the PRC and Malaysia. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in Note 10 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.

The analysis of the Group’s performance for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 by operating segments is set forth in
Note 5 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 are set forth in the consolidated income statement on
page 63 in this annual report. During the financial year, an interim dividend of 66.0 HK cents per Share, amounting to a total of
approximately HK$2,668.1 million of cash dividend, was paid to the Shareholders on Tuesday, 7 September 2021.

The Board proposes the payment of a Final Dividend of 76.0 HK cents per Share to the Shareholders whose names appear on
the register of members of the Company at the close of business on Monday, 13 June 2022. Subject to approval by Shareholders
at the AGM, the Final Dividend will be paid on or about Wednesday, 6 July 2022.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, 30 May 2022 to Thursday, 2 June 2022 (both days
inclusive), during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote
at the AGM, all share transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s
branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor,
Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 27 May
2022.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 9 June 2022 to Monday, 13 June 2022, both days
inclusive, during which period no transfer of shares will be registered. In order to qualify for the Final Dividend, all transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’s branch share registrar in Hong
Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 8 June 2022.


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

A business review of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 and its future development is set forth in the Chairman's
Statement from pages 4 to 8 and Management’s Discussion and Analysis from pages 9 to 15 of this annual report.


RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the financial year are set forth in Note 18 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.



                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021     33
Report of the Directors


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During year under review and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group had obtained and completed all material
licenses, certifications, permits and registration necessary for its business operations, and that the Group had complied in all
material aspects with all laws, rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’s business and operations.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group’s float glass production may generate air pollutants, waste water and other industrial waste at different stages of the
production process. To ensure compliance with the applicable PRC environmental protection laws and regulations, the Group
has implemented the following environmental protection measures:

—    Energy – Natural gas has been used as the principal energy source for the Group’s glass melting furnaces.

—    Power generation from residual heat – The Group’s float glass production plants have used the residual heat generated in
      the production processes for electricity generation.

—    Glass recycling – Scraped and unused glass produced during the production process have been recycled to the glass
      melting furnaces for production of float glass products.

Over the past few years, the Group has owned in one wind farm project in Anhui Province several small solar farm projects
inside the production complexes, which can help to improve air quality and the environment by reducing the consumption of
fossil fuels and emission of carbon dioxide.

In March 2019, the Group passed the Green Finance Certification of the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency and was
awarded the Pre-issuance Stage Certificate for Green Finance, confirming that the Group’s energy saving Low-e coating
architectural glass projects meet the requirements of green projects. The Group will actively promote financial innovation,
increase the exploration of green finance, expand the Group’s funding channels through green financing, and ensure our
sustainable development.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”) REPORT

The Group is in the process of preparing its ESG report for the year ended 31 December 2021 and will publish it on the Stock
Exchange’s website and the Company’s website on or before 31 May 2022.




34    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES

The Group values relationships with, and have been maintaining good relationships with its customers, raw material and
equipment suppliers, logistics service providers and the employees of the Group. During the year ended 31 December 2021,
there were no material dispute between the Group and its customers, suppliers and employees.

Customers are the Company’s greatest assets. Xinyi Glass is committed to the production of quality float glass, automobile
glass and architectural glass, with great emphasis on product quality and reputation. Over the years, the Company has
already established a professional and reliable corporate image among the customers. Xinyi Glass has been maintaining the
harmonious partnership of equal footing, honest cooperation and mutual benefits with suppliers. Supplier management has
been standardised. Supplier assessment system has been improved through tendering and procurement. This is to create a fair
and just competition environment for suppliers. Xinyi Glass adheres to the philosophy of “People-Oriented” and is committed to
providing the employees with a safe and healthy work environment. The staff members are encouraged to show their creativity
and potential, realising the co-development of the staff and the enterprise.


PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINIES

The business performance of the Group is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties:


Float glass business
—     The levels of demand and supply of float glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and are generally affected by
      construction and building materials industries, the overall macroeconomic factors in the principal property market, and the
      production capacity of other float glass manufacturers.

—     The Group may not be able to adjust its production levels promptly in response to the changing market environment and
      as a result, any unbalance between the demand and supply of float glass could create significant pressure on the selling
      prices.

—     As a float glass manufacturer, the Group follows the technology development which may cause demand for its float glass
      products to be reduced significantly.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The PRC environmental policies on air emission would affect the industry capacity and production costs.

—     The lockdown of domestic and overseas economies by COVID-19 pandemic would affect the domestic and overseas sales.


Automobile glass business
—     The international trade war or extra import tariff or anti-dumping tax would affect the overseas sales.

—     The fluctuation of USD exchange rate would affect the overseas demand.

—     The international oil price would affect the transportation cost.

—     The lockdown of domestic and overseas economies by COVID-19 pandemic would affect the domestic and overseas sales.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021   35
Report of the Directors


Architectural glass business
—     The PRC property and financial policies would affect the demand of the architectural glass.

—     The levels of demand and supply of architectural glass are not entirely within the Group’s control and generally affected by
      the property and building industries.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The lockdown of domestic and overseas economies by COVID-19 pandemic would affect the domestic and overseas sales.

All of the above factors could adversely and materially affect the Group’s operating results and profitability.

Details of the Group’s exposure to foreign exchange and other financial risks are set forth in the section headed “Treasury
Policies and Exposure to Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates” in the Management’s Discussion and Analysis on page 14 and
section headed “Financial Risk Management” in the consolidated financial statements from pages 91 to 99 of this annual report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the operating results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set forth in the
section headed “Financial Summary” in this annual report.


INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Details of this movement in investment properties of the Group during the year are set forth in Note 7 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year under review are set forth in Note 6 to
the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


DONATIONS

Donations by the Group for charitable and other purposes during the financial year amounted to HK$14,963,000 (2020:
HK$6,175,000).


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year under review are set forth in Note 17 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




36    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under the Companies Law of the Cayman Islands, as at 31 December 2021, Share premium amounting to HK$Nil (2020:
HK$535.6 million) was distributable to Shareholders, subject to the condition that immediately following the date on which the
distribution or dividend is proposed to be made, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of
business.

As at 31 December 2021, the Company had distributable reserves available for distribution to Shareholders amounting to
HK$788.6 million (2020: HK$380.4 million) other than mentioned above.


DIVIDEND POLICY

In considering the payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and strike a proper balance between future business growth and rewarding the Shareholders of the Company.

Provided that the daily working capital needs of the Group can be satisfied and funding has been reserved for future
development, the Company intends to maintain a relatively stable dividend distribution ratio. However, the Company’s dividend
distribution record in the past does not necessarily imply that the same level of dividends may be declared or paid by the
Company in the future.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall take into account the financial performance and cash flow situation of the
Group, future expansion plans and capital requirements, interests of Shareholders, contractual restrictions on payment of
dividends, taxation considerations, statutory and regulatory restrictions, general economic conditions, business cycle of the
Group’s business and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

The Company may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate.
Any dividend unclaimed shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Company’s Memorandum
and Articles of Association.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s articles of association or the laws of the Cayman Islands,
which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of this annual report were:


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. (Chairman)
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor (Vice Chairman)
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. (Chief Executive Officer)*
Mr. LEE Shing Kan




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021   37
Report of the Directors


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai*
Mr. SZE Nang Sze
Mr. LI Ching Leung*
Mr. NG Ngan Ho


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.*
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel
Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P.#
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John
Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David*

*       The Directors will retire from the directorship at the forthcoming AGM pursuant to Article 108 of the Company’s articles of association
        and except for Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David, they will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM. Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David
        will not offer himself for re-election at the forthcoming AGM as he wishes to devote more time on his other personal and business
        ventures.

#
        Dr. WONG Ying Wai will retire from the directorship at the forthcoming AGM as he wishes to devote more time on his personal and
        business ventures.


INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


DIRECTORS‘ SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has entered or has proposed to enter into any
service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which is not determinable by the Company within
one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS‘ REMUNERATION

The Company‘s policies concerning remuneration of the executive Directors are:

(i)     the amount of remuneration is determined on the basis of the relevant executive Director‘s experience, responsibility,
        workload and the time devoted to the Group;

(ii)    non-cash benefits may be provided to the executive Directors under their remuneration package;

(iii)   the executive Directors may be granted, at the discretion of the board of Directors, options pursuant to the share option
        scheme, as part of their remuneration package; and




38      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(iv)   annual director fee of HK$300,000 for the year ended 31 December 2021, and HK$300,000 for the year ending 31
       December 2022.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each non-executive Director in 2021, none of the non-executive Directors
received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature) from the Group.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each independent non-executive Director in 2021, none of the independent
non-executive Directors received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature)
from the Group. Such emoluments were determined with reference to the duties and responsibilities of Mr. LAM Kwong Siu,
G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. WONG Ying Wai, G.B.S., J.P. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and Mr. TAM Wai Hung,
David and their mutual agreement with the Company.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS

No contracts, transactions and arrangements of significance in relation to the Group’s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
financial year or at any time during the financial year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the financial year.


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company has adopted a share option scheme on 18 January 2015 (the”Share Option Scheme”) for the purpose of
providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who have contributed to the success of the Group’s operations. A
summary of the principal terms of the Share Option Scheme is as follows:

(i)    Purpose

       The purpose of the Share Option Scheme is to provide the Company with a flexible means of giving incentive to,
       rewarding, remunerating, compensating and/or providing benefits to the participants (as defined below) and for such
       other purposes as the Directors may approve from time to time.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021       39
Report of the Directors


(ii)   Participants

       For the purpose of the Share Option Scheme, participants (the “Participants”) include (i) any employees (whether full-
       time or part-time) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries, associated companies, jointly controlled entities and related
       companies from time to time (collectively, the “Extended Group”); (ii) any directors (whether executive directors or non-
       executive directors or independent non-executive directors) of the Extended Group; (iii) customers of the Extended Group
       or any of the subsidiaries or associated companies of such customers; and (iv) any consultants, professionals and other
       advisers to each member of the Extended Group.

(iii) Maximum number of shares

       The total number of Shares which may be allotted and issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share
       Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company shall not in aggregate exceed 10% (the “Scheme
       Mandate Limit”) of the total number of Shares in issue as of 18 January 2015.

       The Company may seek approval of the Shareholders in general meeting to refresh the Scheme Mandate Limit such that
       the total number of Shares in respect of which options may be granted under the Share Option Scheme and other share
       option schemes of the Company in issue shall not exceed 10% (the “Refreshed Limit”) of the issued share capital of the
       Company on the date the refreshment of such limit is approved.

       Notwithstanding the above, the maximum number of Shares which may be issued upon exercise of all outstanding options
       granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company
       shall not exceed 30% of the total number of Shares in issue from time to time. No options may be granted under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company if this will result in the aforesaid 30% limit
       being exceeded.

(iv)   Maximum entitlement of each Participant

       Unless with the approval of the Shareholders in general meeting, the maximum number of Shares issued and to be issued
       upon the exercise of the options granted to each Participant (including both exercised and outstanding options) under the
       Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company in any 12-month period shall not exceed 1%
       of the Shares in issue.

(v)    Option period

       An option must be exercised in accordance with the terms of the Share Option Scheme at any time during a period to be
       determined and notified by the Directors to each grantee, which period may commence from the date on which the offer
       for the grant of the option is made, but shall end in any event not later than 10 years from the date on which the offer for
       the grant of the option is made, subject to the provisions for early termination thereof.

(vi)   Acceptance and payment on acceptance

       An option may be accepted by a Participant within 30 days from the date of the offer for the grant of the option and the
       amount payable on acceptance of the grant of an option is HK$1.

       Unless otherwise determined by the Directors and stated in the offer for the grant of options to a grantee, there is neither
       any performance target that needs to be achieved by a grantee before an option can be exercised nor any minimum
       period for which an option must be held before it can be exercised.


40     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
(vii) Option price for subscription of shares

     The subscription price in respect of each Share issued under the Share Option Scheme shall be a price solely determined by
     the Directors but shall not be less than the highest of:

     (a)       the official closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the date of
               grant, which must be a day (excluding a Saturday and Sunday) on which banks are generally open for business in
               Hong Kong (the “Business Day”);

     (b)       the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets of the Stock Exchange for the five
               Business Days immediately preceding the date of the grant; and

     (c)       the nominal value of a Share.

(viii) Remaining life of the Share Option Scheme

     The Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing from 18 January 2015.

     The following table sets forth movements in the share options of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2021:

                                                                                                                                          Number of share options
                                                   Price of the
                                                    Company’s
                                                        shares
                                                   immediately
                                        Exercise    before the
                                           price    grant date                                                                                                             Cancelled/
                           Grant date      (HK$)         (HK$)    Vesting period         Exercisable period    At 1/1/2021     Granted      Exercised           Lapsed       Expired     At 31/12/2021

     Continuous contract
       employees           1/3/2017        7.28           7.04    1/3/2017-31/12/2019    1/4/2020-31/3/2021     1,960,332            —     (1,936,000)(1)       (12,000)      (12,332)             —
                           27/2/2018      11.74          11.94    27/2/2018-31/12/2020   1/4/2021-31/3/2022    27,412,913            —    (16,259,000) (2)   (1,620,000)           —        9,533,913
                           26/2/2019       9.53           9.70    26/2/2019-31/12/2021   1/4/2022-31/3/2023    32,969,000            —              —         (784,000)            —       32,185,000
                           17/3/2020       8.82           8.27    17/3/2020-31/12/2022   1/4/2023-31/3/2024    31,591,000            —              —         (896,000)            —       30,695,000
                           2/3/2021       23.35          23.70    2/3/2021-31/12/2023    1/4/2024-31/3/2025            —     34,700,000             —        (2,925,000)           —       31,775,000

     Total                                                                                                     93,933,245    34,700,000   (18,195,000)       (6,237,000)      (12,332)    104,188,913


     (1)       The weighted average closing price of shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$23.98.

     (2)       The weighted average closing price of shares immediately before the dates on which the options were exercised was HK$27.53.




                                                                                                              XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021                                     41
Report of the Directors


     For the year ended 31 December 2021, 34,700,000 share options were granted. The fair value of the equity-settled share
     options granted under the Share Option Scheme during the year ended 31 December 2021 was estimated at HK$4.7784.
     The value of the share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2021 is to be expensed through the Group’s
     income statement over the three-year vesting period of the share options.

     The fair value of share options granted by the Company during the year ended 31 December 2021 was determined
     in accordance with the valuation performed by an independent valuer using the Black-Scholes option pricing model.
     Such model is one of the commonly used models to estimate the fair value of an option. The significant variables and
     assumptions used in computing the fair value of the share options are set forth in the table below. The value of an
     option varies with different variables of a number of subjective assumptions. Any change in the variables so adopted may
     materially affect the estimation of the fair value of an option.

     Share price at the grant date (HK$)                                                                           HK$23.35
     Exercise price (HK$)                                                                                          HK$23.35
     Volatility (%)                                                                                                36.2800%
     Dividend yield (%)                                                                                             3.3833%
     Expected share option life (years)                                                                   3 years and 6 month
     Annual risk-free rate (%)                                                                                      0.3323%

     During the year ended 31 December 2021, 18,195,000 options (2020: 26,490,000 options) were exercised. Taking
     in account the share options exercised or lapsed subsequent to 31 December 2021, as at 28 February 2022, a total of
     103,627,913 options were still outstanding under the Share Option Scheme which represents approximately 2.6% of the
     issued ordinary shares of the Company.


BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of Directors and senior management are set forth on pages 16 to 22 of this annual report.




42   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’ S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS

As of 31 December 2021, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
the underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”)), as recorded in the register required (a) to be notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the
register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Companies (the “Model Code”), were as follows:

INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY
Long position in the Shares

                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                        percentage of the
                                                                                           Number of    Company’s issued
Name of Directors               Nature of interest                                        Shares held        share capital

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.         Interest of a controlled corporation (Note a)             725,209,552              18.05%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              49,636,000                1.24%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note b)              37,861,000                0.94%
                                Personal interest (Note c)                                131,212,000                3.27%
Mr. TUNG Ching Bor              Interest of a controlled corporation (Note d)             266,766,456                6.64%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              49,636,000                1.24%
                                Personal interest (Note e)                                 53,218,000                1.32%
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG              Interest of a controlled corporation (Note f)             246,932,579                6.14%
  Ching Sai J.P.                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              49,636,000                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                           2,908,000                0.07%
                                Personal interest (Note g)                                185,067,000                4.61%
Mr. LI Ching Wai                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note h)             116,580,868                2.90%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              49,636,000                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                           9,200,000                0.23%
Mr. SZE Nang Sze                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note i)             110,618,781                2.75%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              49,636,000                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                          11,490,000                0.29%
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                  Interest of a controlled corporation (Note j)              81,205,912                2.02%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              49,636,000                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                           3,100,000                0.08%
Mr. LI Ching Leung              Interest of a controlled corporation (Note k)              79,853,911                1.99%
                                Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)              49,636,000                1.24%
                                Personal interest                                           7,494,000                0.19%
                                Personal interest (Note l)                                    400,000                0.01%
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John        Personal interest                                              10,000             0.0002%
                                Personal interest (Note m)                                     90,000              0.002%



                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021   43
Report of the Directors


Notes:

(a)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Realbest Investment Limited (“Realbest”), a company incorporated in the
         British Virgin Islands (the “BVI“) with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(b)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through Xin Yuen Investment Limited (“Xin Yuen”), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability on 17 January 2019. Xin Yuen is 100% owned by Xin Wong Investment Limited (“Xin Wong”), a company
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability. Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. and 50% owned by his spouse, Madam
         TUNG Hai Chi.

(c)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(d)      Mr. TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through High Park Technology Limited (“High Park”), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Bor.

(e)      Mr. TUNG Ching Bor’s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam KUNG Sau Wai.

(f)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through Copark Investment Limited (“Copark”), a company incorporated
         in the BVI with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P..

(g)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam SZE Tan Hung.

(h)      Mr. LI Ching Wai’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldbo International Limited (“Goldbo”), a company incorporated in the BVI
         with limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(i)      Mr. SZE Nang Sze’s interests in the Shares are held through Goldpine Limited (“Goldpine”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(j)      Mr. NG Ngan Ho’s interests in the Shares are held through Linkall Investment Limited (“Linkall”), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability on 2 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(k)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through Herosmart Holdings Limited (“Herosmart”), a company incorporated in the
         BVI with limited liability on 1 July 2004 and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(l)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam DY Maria Lumin.

(m)      Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John’s interest in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam LAM Ying.

(n)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang Holdings Limited (“Full Guang”), a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability on 19 December 2005. Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. as to 33.98%, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri
         Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai. as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%,
         Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.




44       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                    Class and             percentage of
                                                                                     number of shares held               the associated
                                                                                           in the associated               corporation’s
Name of associated corporation                   Name of Director                                corporation        issued share capital

Realbest (Note o)                                Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                    2 ordinary shares                      100%
Xin Wong (Note p)                                Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                     1 ordinary share                        50%
High Park (Note q)                               Mr. TUNG Ching Bor                         2 ordinary shares                      100%
Copark (Note r)                                  Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.          2 ordinary shares                      100%
Goldbo (Note s)                                  Mr. LI Ching Wai                           2 ordinary shares                      100%
Linkall (Note t)                                 Mr. NG Ngan Ho                             2 ordinary shares                      100%
Goldpine (Note u)                                Mr. SZE Nang Sze                           2 ordinary shares                      100%
Herosmart (Note v)                               Mr. LI Ching Leung                         2 ordinary shares                      100%
Full Guang (Note w)                              Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.               734,000 ordinary shares                    33.98%
                                                 Mr. TUNG Ching Bor                    350,000 ordinary shares                    16.20%
                                                 Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.     350,000 ordinary shares                    16.20%
                                                 Mr. LI Ching Wai                      120,000 ordinary shares                     5.56%
                                                 Mr. NG Ngan Ho                         80,000 ordinary shares                     3.70%
                                                 Mr. SZE Nang Sze                      110,000 ordinary shares                     5.09%
                                                 Mr. LI Ching Leung                     80,000 ordinary shares                     3.70%


Notes :

(o)       Realbest is wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(p)       Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S..

(q)       High Park is wholly-owned by Mr. TUNG Ching Bor.

(r)       Copark is wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.

(s)       Goldbo is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(t)       Linkall is wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(u)       Goldpine is wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(v)       Herosmart is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(w)       Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S. as to 33.98%, Mr. TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. as
          to 16.20%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to
          3.70%.




                                                                                XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021        45
Report of the Directors


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2021, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive
of the Company had or was deemed under the SFO to have any interests or short positions in any of the Shares or the
underlying Share and debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) which was required (a) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of
the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or
(b) pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein; or (c) to be notified to the Company and
the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As of 31 December 2021, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than Directors and chief executive of the
Company, in the Shares and the underlying Shares of the Company, as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3
of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO,
were as follows:


The Company
Long position in the Shares


                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                                       percentage of the
                                                         Number of                                                      Company’s issued
Name of Substantial Shareholders                        Shares held                            Nature of interest             share capital

Realbest                                                725,209,552              Registered and beneficial owner                    18.05%
High Park                                               266,766,456              Registered and beneficial owner                     6.64%
Copark                                                  246,932,579              Registered and beneficial owner                     6.14%
Telerich Investment Limited (Note)                      251,595,089              Registered and beneficial owner                     6.26%


Note: These Shares are registered in the name of Telerich Investment Limited, the entire issued share capital of which is beneficially owned by
      Mr. LEE Sing Din, brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.

Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2021, the Directors were not aware of any other person having an interests or short
positions in the Shares and the underlying Shares as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As at 31 December 2021, none of the Directors and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any controlling
shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules), if any, of the Company had any interest in a business, which competes or may
compete with the business of the Group.




46    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the year ended 31 December 2021, appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’s liabilities
arising out of activities of the Group has been arranged by the Company. As of the date of this annual report, such insurance
covering remained effective.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate and
neither the Directors or the chief executive, nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe
for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentage of sales and purchases for continuing operation for the year attributable to the Group’s major customers and
suppliers are as follows:


Sales
– the largest customer                                                                                                      2.8%
– five largest customers in aggregate                                                                                       6.4%


Purchases
– the largest supplier                                                                                                      8.1%
– five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                                      26.3%

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owned more than 5% of the Company’s issued share capital, had any interest in the share capital of the Group’s five largest
customers and five largest suppliers.


BANK BORROWINGS

The total bank borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2021 amounted to HK$15,492.7 million (2020: HK$11,574.0
million). Particulars of the bank borrowings are set forth in Note 20 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual
report.


REWARD FOR EMPLOYEES

As of 31 December 2021, we employed 14,706 employees in the PRC, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Canada and Japan. Our employees
are remunerated with monthly salary, subject to annual review and discretionary bonuses. Our employees are also entitled,
subject to eligibility, to retirement fund and provident fund and to participate in the Share Option Scheme. We place strong
emphasis on nurturing a continuous learning culture amongst the employees and implement a variety of programs to promote
training.


                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021      47
Report of the Directors


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021 are set forth in note 32 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report. Some of these transactions also constitute “Continuing Connected
Transactions” under the Listing Rules, as identified below.


Connected transaction
1)   Formation of Xinyi Silicon for the Polysilicon Production Project
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 16 December 2021, the Group entered into a joint venture
      agreement (“JV Agreement”) with a subsidiary of Xinyi Solar in relation to the formation of a joint venture company,
      Xinyi Silicon Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Silicon”), to construct polysilicon production facilities with an annual capacity of
      60,000 tonnes in Yunnan Province, the PRC. Xinyi Silicon is owned as to 52% by Xinyi Solar and 48% by the Group.
      According to the JV Agreement, the maximum funding commitment by the Group to Xinyi Silicon is RMB1.6 billion
      (equivalent to approximately HK$1.9 billion). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company
      and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Glass JV Agreement constitute continuing
      connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


Continuing connected transactions
During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group had the following continuing connected transactions, details of which are
set out below:


1)   Sales of glass products
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 8 January 2021 and 11 May 2021, the Group entered into a glass
      purchase framework agreement and a supplemental glass agreement (collectively the “Glass Purchase Framework
      Agreements”) with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of float glass and architectural glass products to Xinyi Solar and its
      subsidiaries (“Xinyi Solar Group”) by the Group for the year ended 31 December 2021. The annual cap and the actual
      transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the Glass Purchase Framework Agreements for the year ended
      31 December 2021 is HK$150,500,000 and HK$143,297,000 respectively. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder
      of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Glass Purchase
      Framework Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing
      Rules.




48    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2)   Sales of machineries
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 8 January 2021 and 11 May 2021, Wuhu Jinsanshi Numerical
     Control Technology Company Limited (“Wuhu Jinsanshi”), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into
     an equipment purchase framework agreement and a supplemental equipment agreement (collectively the “Equipment
     Purchase Framework Agreements”) with a member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production equipment
     and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar Group by Wuhu Jinsanshi for the year ended 31 December 2021. The annual cap and
     the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the Equipment Purchase Framework Agreements
     for the year ended 31 December 2021 are HK$279,100,000 and HK$177,195,000 respectively. Since the Company is a
     substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly,
     the Equipment Purchase Framework Agreements constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


3)   Purchase of Silica Sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 26 May 2021, the Group entered into a silica sand supply framework
     agreement (“Silica Sand Supply Framework Agreement”) with Hepu Xinyi Mining Co., Ltd. (“Hepu Xinyi”), a wholly-
     owned subsidiary of Xinyi Solar, in relation to the purchase of silica sand from Hepu Xiniyi by the Group from 26 May
     2021 to 31 December 2021. The purpose of entering into the Silica Sand Supply Framework Agreement was to reduced
     transportation cost and secure an additional source of supply of silica sand in the vicinity. The annual cap and the actual
     transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under the Silica Sand Supply Framework Agreement for the year
     ended 31 December 2021 are RMB66,200,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$79,500,000) and RMB54,256,000
     (equivalent to approximately HK$65,374,000), respectively. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar,
     the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Silica Sand Supply Framework
     Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


4)   Sales of automobile glass products
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 18 December 2018, the Group entered into a glass supply
     agreement (“2018 Glass Supply Agreement”) with Xinyi Automobile Glass Company Limited (“Xinyi Automobile Glass
     (HK)”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to the sales of automobile glass products to Xinyi Electric Storage
     and its subsidiaries by the Group for the three years ended 31 December 2021. The annual cap and the actual transaction
     amount of the transactions contemplated under the 2018 Glass Supply Agreements for the year ended 31 December
     2021 is HK$82,000,000 and HK$63,000,000 respectively. Since the controlling shareholders of the Company and their
     respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi
     Automobile Glass (HK) is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the 2018 Glass Supply Agreement constitute
     continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021       49
Report of the Directors


5)    Wind farm management services
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcements dated 6 November 2020, the Group entered into a wind farm
      management agreement (“Wind Farm Management Agreement”) with Anhui Xinyi Power Source Company Limited
      (“Anhui Xinyi”), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage for management services for the operation of the wind farm owned
      by the Group. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated under Wind Farm
      Management Agreement for the year ended 31 December 2021 is RMB8.5 million (equivalent to HK$9.9 million) and
      RMB8.0 million (equivalent to HK$9.6 million). Since the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective
      associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Anhui Xinyi is a
      connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the Wind Farm Management Agreement constitute continuing connected
      transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

All independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and
confirmed that the transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   either on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
      independent third parties; and

(c)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
      the Shareholders of the Company as a whole.

In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740
“Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued his unqualified letter containing his findings and conclusions in respect of
the continuing connected transactions disclosed by the Group in pages 48 to 50 of this annual report in accordance with Rule
14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.




50    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Continuing connected transactions after the reporting period
The Group had the following continuing connected transactions after the reporting period, details of which are set out below:


1)   Sales of automobile glass products
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 22 December 2021, the Group entered into a glass supply agreement
     (the “2021 Glass Supply Agreement”) with Xinyi Automobile Glass Company Limited (“Xinyi Automobile Glass (HK)”),
     a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to the sales of automobile glass products to Xinyi Electric
     Storage and its subsidiaries for a term of three years commencing on 1 January 2022 and ending on 31 December 2024
     (both days inclusive). The annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the 2021 Glass Supply Agreement for the
     year ending 31 December 2022, 2023 and 2024 are HK$7,300,000, HK$7,900,000 and HK$8,600,000 respectively. Since
     the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than
     30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Automobile Glass (HK) is a connected person of the Company.
     Accordingly, the 2021 Glass Supply Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under
     Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


2)   Sales of glass products
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 29 December 2021, the Group entered into a glass purchase
     agreement (“2022 Glass Purchase Agreement”) dated 29 December 2021 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of
     float glass and architectural glass products to Xinyi Solar Group by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2022. The
     annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the 2022 Glass Purchase Agreement for the year ending 31 December
     2022 is RMB38,200,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$46,600,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of
     Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2022 Glass Purchase
     Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


3)   Sales of machineries
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 29 December 2021, Wuhu Jinsanshi entered into a production
     equipment purchase agreement (“2022 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement”) dated 29 December 2021 with
     a member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production equipment and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar Group
     by Wuhu Jinsanshi for the year ending 31 December 2022. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the
     2022 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2022 is RMB234,800,000 (equivalent
     to approximately HK$287,000,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and
     its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2022 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement
     constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021        51
Report of the Directors


4)   Purchase of Silica Sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 2 January 2022, the Group entered into an agreement (“2022
     Silica Sand Sales Agreement”) dated 31 December 2021 with Hepu Xinyi in relation to the purchase of silica sand from
     Hepu Xiniyi by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2022. The purpose of entering into the Silica Sand Supply
     Framework Agreement was to reduced transportation cost and secure an additional source of supply of silica sand in the
     vicinity. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the 2022 Silica Sand Sales Agreement for the year ending
     31 December 2022 is RMB95,600,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$116,800,000). Since the Company is a substantial
     shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Silica
     Sand Supply Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of
     the Listing Rules.


5)   Sales of low iron silica sand
     As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 2 January 2022, the Group entered into an agreement (“2022 Silica
     Sand Purchase Agreement”) dated 31 December 2021 with Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of low iron silica sand to
     Xinyi Solar Group by the Group for the year ending 31 December 2022. The annual cap of the transactions contemplated
     under the 2022 Silica Sand Purchase Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2022 is RMB45,600,000 (equivalent
     to approximately HK$55,700,000). Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its
     subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Silica Sand Supply Framework Agreement constitute
     continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

Please see the section headed “Corporate Governance Report” set forth in this annual report for details of our compliance with
the Corporate Governance Code.




52   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS

Pursuant to Rule 13.51B of the Listing Rules, the changes in information of the Directors subsequent to the date of the 2021
interim report of the Company is as follows:

1)   Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was retired as an independent non-executive director and ceased as to be a member of the audit
     committee and remuneration committee, and the chairman of nomination committee of Skymission Group Holdings
     Limited (stock code: 1429) with effect from 24 September 2021.

2)   Mr. TAM Wai Hung, David was resigned as a non-executive director and ceased to be a member of the audit committee
     of Nameson Holdings Limited (stock code: 1982) with effect from 12 April 2022.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established an Audit Committee, comprising five independent non-executive Directors, with written terms
of reference in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review
and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group and to provide comments and give advice
to the Board. The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company and audited consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2021.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company repurchased a total of 39,033,000 Shares on the Stock Exchange. The
repurchased shares were cancelled in 2021. Accordingly, the issued share capital of the Company was reduced by the nominal
value of these shares and the premium paid on these shares upon the repurchase were charged against share premium account
and retained earnings. An amount equivalent to the par value of the shares cancelled was transferred from the Company’s
retained earnings to the capital redemption reserve. The table below sets forth further information of such repurchase:


                                                            Number of
                                                             Shares of            Highest            Lowest        Aggregate
                                                          HK$0.10 each         price paid         price paid    consideration
Month of Repurchase                                        repurchased     per Share HK$     per Share HK$      paid HK$’000

August 2021                                                 19,396,000              30.50              27.60          562,186
September 2021                                              11,172,000              28.80              23.05          291,820
December 2021                                                8,465,000              19.46              17.90          158,972


Save as disclosed above, there was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of any listed
securities of the Company during the year under review.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021   53
Report of the Directors


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as at the date of this
annual report, the Company has maintained sufficient public float with at least 25% of the Shares held by the public as required
under the Listing Rules.


EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2021 and up to the date of this annual report.


AUDITOR

The consolidated financial statements have been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers who retire and, being eligible, offer
themselves for re-appointement. A resolution will be proposed at AGM to re-appoint PricewaterhouseCoopers and to authorise
the Directors to fix its remuneration.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING

The AGM will be held on Thursday, 2 June 2022, at 21/F, Rykadan Capital Tower, 135 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
Hong Kong, at 11:00 a.m. The notice convening the AGM will be published on the website of the Stock Exchange at www.
hkex.com.hk and on the website of the Company at www.xinyiglass.com, and will be despatched to the Shareholders in due
course.




On Behalf of the Board
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.
Chairman


Hong Kong, 28 February 2022




54    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                               Independent Auditor’s Report




Independent Auditor’s Report
To the Shareholders of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

WHAT WE HAVE AUDITED
The consolidated financial statements of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”), which
are set out on pages 61 to 177, comprise:

•     the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 December 2021;

•     the consolidated income statement for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include significant accounting policies and other explanatory
      information.


OUR OPINION
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2021, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated
Financial Statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      55
Independent Auditor’s Report


INDEPENDENCE
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”),
and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matter is the matters that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the consolidated
financial statements of the current period. This matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial
statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters.

Key audit matter identified in our audit is related to Impairment of trade receivables.

Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables

Refer to Notes 2.10, 3.1(b), 4 and 15 to the consolidated
financial statements.

As at 31 December 2021, the carrying amount of trade               We assessed the appropriateness of the methodology of
receivables of the Group amounting to approximately                impairment assessment in determining the expected credit
HK$1,868,613,000. The Group made provision for loss                losses of trade receivables. We also considered whether
allowance of trade receivables of approximately HK$62,523,000      the judgements made in selecting the methodology of
based on an estimate of the recoverability of these receivables.   impairment assessment, significant assumptions and data
                                                                   used by management would give rise to indicators of possible
Provisions are made for loss allowance of trade receivables
                                                                   management bias.
where the Group expects the balances will not be collectible.
The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables requires     We assessed management’s assessment of the lifetime
management judgements and estimations. Where the provision         expected credit loss allowance by comparing to supportable
for loss allowance is materially different from the actual debt    evidence such as past settlement history, business performance
that is not collectible, such difference will adversely impact     and financial capability of customers, and historical default
the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for loss      rates.
allowance in the period in which such estimate has been
changed.                                                           We challenged management for the use of forward-looking
                                                                   information and factors in adjusting the rates of credit loss by
                                                                   reference to external market data or industry information.

                                                                   We tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of the ageing
                                                                   profile of the trade receivables used in the calculation of
                                                                   expected credit losses.




56    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Impairment of trade receivables (continued)

The Group’s trade receivables based on shared credit risk          We assessed the adequacy of the disclosures related to
characteristics and ageing profiles and made provisions for        expected credit losses of trade receivables in the context of
loss allowance on trade receivables based on an assessment of      HKFRS 9.
the recoverability of overdue and long-aged trade receivables
                                                                   Based on the above, we considered that management’s
on individual customer basis and the lifetime expected credit
                                                                   judgements and assumptions in the assessment of expected
loss allowance on each group of trade receivables. The lifetime
                                                                   credit losses of trade receivables were supportable by the
expected credit loss allowance is measured based on past
                                                                   evidence obtained and procedures performed.
settlement history and the historical default rates over the
expected life of the trade receivables with similar credit risk
characteristics adjusted with current and forward-looking
information on macroeconomic factors that affects the ability of
the customers to settle the receivables.

We focus on this area because the carrying amount of the
trade receivables are significant to the consolidated balance
sheet, and the identification of doubtful debts and the
measurement of lifetime expected credit loss allowance
is subject to a high degree of judgement and estimation
uncertainty, including assessments on the default rates of
customers.



OTHER INFORMATION

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the information
included in Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited 2021 Annual Report but does not include the consolidated financial statements and
our auditor’s report thereon, which we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report, and the Environmental, Social and
Governance Report, which is expected to be made available to us after that date.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not and will not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   57
Independent Auditor’s Report


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
identified above and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to the date of this auditor’s report,
we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have
nothing to report in this regard.

When we read the Environmental, Social and Governance Report, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein,
we are required to communicate the matter to the directors and take appropriate action considering our legal rights and
obligations.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as
a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting
unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We report
our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to
any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that
an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can
arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




58    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
     higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
     or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
     in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
     to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
     disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
     concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
     and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
     achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
     the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
     and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      59
Independent Auditor’s Report


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ho Kwok Fai.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong, 28 February 2022




60    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                                Consolidated Balance Sheet
                                                                                                       As at 31 December 2021




                                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                                Note                2021              2020
                                                                                                HK$’000           HK$’000

Assets
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                                   6          18,784,533        17,141,977
  Right-of-use assets                                                            6 (B)         4,586,664         3,813,922
  Investment properties                                                           7            1,661,384         1,734,122
  Prepayments for property, plant and equipment and right-of-use-assets           15             475,329           654,196
  Intangible assets                                                               8              894,245           484,375
  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income               11              25,275            29,006
  Investments in associates                                                       13           9,482,532         8,230,998
  Loans to an associate                                                           13              30,577                   —
  Fixed bank deposits                                                             16           1,015,381                   —
  Deferred income tax assets                                                      21             110,802            41,790

                                                                                             37,066,722        32,130,386


Current assets
  Inventories                                                                     14           4,169,163         2,496,254
  Loans to an associate                                                           13                   —                  657
  Trade and other receivables                                                     15           5,668,580         4,916,167
  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                          12             314,456           223,553
  Pledged bank deposits                                                           16              59,360            59,518
  Cash and cash equivalents                                                       16           9,220,384         5,244,554

                                                                                             19,431,943        12,940,703


Total assets                                                                                 56,498,665        45,071,089

Equity
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
  Share capital                                                                   17             401,866           403,950
  Share premium                                                                   17                   —           535,560
  Other reserves                                                                  18           5,717,742         3,661,450
  Retained earnings                                                               18         28,479,039        23,280,614

                                                                                             34,598,647        27,881,574
Non-controlling interests                                                                        107,877            91,775


Total equity                                                                                 34,706,524        27,973,349




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     61
Consolidated Balance Sheet
As at 31 December 2021




                                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                                     Note            2021             2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000        HK$’000

Liabilities
Non-current liabilities
     Bank and other borrowings                                                        20        10,890,056     7,794,815
     Deferred income tax liabilities                                                  21          454,475        409,954
     Lease liabilities                                                               6(B)          21,513         52,417
     Other payables                                                                   19          140,313        146,211

                                                                                                11,506,357     8,403,397


Current liabilities
     Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                   19         4,305,662     3,917,129
     Current income tax liabilities                                                              1,346,578       967,180
     Lease liabilities                                                               6(B)          30,867         30,841
     Bank and other borrowings                                                        20         4,602,677     3,779,193

                                                                                                10,285,784     8,694,343


Total liabilities                                                                               21,792,141    17,097,740


Total equity and liabilities                                                                    56,498,665    45,071,089


The financial statements on pages 61 to 177 were approved by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2022 and were signed on
its behalf.




LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                                                  TUNG Ching Bor
Chairman                                                             Vice-chairman




The notes on pages 69 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




62       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                                         Consolidated Income Statement
                                                                                                For the Year Ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                   Note                  2021               2020
                                                                                                     HK$’000            HK$’000

Revenue                                                                              5             30,459,120        18,615,879
Cost of sales                                                                       22            (14,681,992)       (10,844,444)

Gross profit                                                                                       15,777,128          7,771,435
Other income                                                                        24                614,216           463,961
Other gains - net                                                                   25                115,146           888,996
Selling and marketing costs                                                         22             (1,562,216)          (958,661)
Administrative and other operating expenses                                         22             (2,446,005)        (1,788,855)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                                           15                (26,252)           (15,880)

Operating profit                                                                                   12,472,017          6,360,996
Finance income                                                                      26                 66,374             37,773
Finance costs                                                                       26               (155,060)          (192,768)
Share of profits of associates                                                      13              1,185,743          1,124,341
Impairment of an associate                                                          13                (67,353)                 —

Profit before income tax                                                                           13,501,721          7,330,342
Income tax expense                                                                  27             (1,931,041)          (899,083)

Profit for the year                                                                                11,570,680          6,431,259

Profit attributable to:
  – Equity holders of the Company                                                                  11,555,887          6,422,213
  – Non-controlling interests                                                                          14,793              9,046

Profit for the year                                                                                11,570,680          6,431,259

Earnings per share for profit attributable to the equity holders of the
  Company during the year (expressed in Hong Kong cents per share)
  – Basic                                                                           28                 286.97             159.49
  – Diluted                                                                         28                 283.41             158.84




The notes on pages 69 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       63
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the Year Ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                                     2021         2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000      HK$’000

Profit for the year                                                                             11,570,680    6,431,259
Other comprehensive income, net of tax:
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
     Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive loss       (3,731)     (22,746)
     Dilution of interest in an associate                                                               —       14,050
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to the consolidated income statement:
     Currency translation differences                                                             901,468     1,945,649
     Share of other comprehensive income of investments accounted
       for using the equity method                                                                188,060      408,834

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         12,656,477    8,777,046

Total comprehensive income for the year is attributable to:
     – Equity holders of the Company                                                            12,641,089    8,765,710
     – Non-controlling interests                                                                   15,388       11,336

Total comprehensive income for the year                                                         12,656,477    8,777,046




The notes on pages 69 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



64      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                    Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
                                                                                                                For the Year Ended 31 December 2021




                                                                 Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                     Non-
                                                              Share        Share        Other      Retained                    controlling
                                                    Note     capital    premium       reserves      earnings          Total      interests Total equity
                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

Balance at 1 January 2021                                   403,950      535,560     3,661,450    23,280,614    27,881,574         91,775    27,973,349

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                              —             —            —     11,555,887    11,555,887         14,793    11,570,680
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair
  value through other comprehensive loss             11          —             —        (3,731)           —          (3,731)           —         (3,731)
Currency translation differences                                 —             —       900,873            —        900,873            595      901,468
Share of other comprehensive income
  of investments accounted for using
  the equity method                                  13          —             —       188,060            —        188,060             —       188,060

Total comprehensive income                                       —             —     1,085,202    11,555,887    12,641,089         15,388    12,656,477

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                     17(A)     1,819      240,383       (37,434)           —        204,768             —       204,768
  – value of employee services                      17(A)        —             —        64,745            —          64,745            —        64,745
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture
     of share options                                            —             —           (15)          15              —             —             —
Repurchase and cancellation of shares               17(B)    (3,903)    (775,943)        3,903      (237,035)   (1,012,978)            —     (1,012,978)
Acquisition of a subsidiary                                      —             —            —             —              —          4,481         4,481
Transfer to reserve                                 18(a)        —             —       939,891      (939,891)            —             —             —
Dividends relating to 2020                                       —             —            —     (2,512,470)   (2,512,470)            —     (2,512,470)
Dividends relating to 2021                           29          —             —            —     (2,668,081)   (2,668,081)            —     (2,668,081)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                        —             —            —             —              —         (3,767)       (3,767)

Total transactions with owners                               (2,084)    (535,560)      971,090    (6,357,462)   (5,924,016)           714    (5,923,302)

Balance at 31 December 2021                                 401,866            —     5,717,742    28,479,039    34,598,647        107,877    34,706,524




                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                65
Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity
For the Year Ended 31 December 2021




                                                                   Attributable to the equity holders of the Company
                                                                                                                                         Non-
                                                              Share         Share          Other       Retained                     controlling
                                                    Note     capital     premium         reserves      earnings            Total      interests   Total equity
                                                            HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000

Balance at 1 January 2020                                   401,922       388,161       867,623     19,188,635     20,846,341          81,085     20,927,426

Comprehensive income
Profit for the year                                              —             —              —      6,422,213         6,422,213        9,046      6,431,259
Other comprehensive income
Changes in fair value of financial assets at fair
value through other comprehensive loss               11          —             —         (22,746)            —           (22,746)           —        (22,746)
Currency translation differences                                 —             —      1,943,359              —         1,943,359        2,290      1,945,649
Dilution of interest in an associate                             —             —          14,050             —           14,050             —         14,050
Share of other comprehensive income of
  investments accounted for using
  the equity method                                  13          —             —        408,834              —          408,834             —        408,834

Total comprehensive income                                       —             —      2,343,497      6,422,213         8,765,710       11,336      8,777,046

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                     17(A)     2,649       212,078        (32,153)            —          182,574             —        182,574
  – value of employee services                      17(A)        —             —          44,514             —           44,514             —         44,514
  – adjustment relating to forfeiture
      of share options                                           —             —            (131)          131                —             —              —
Repurchase and cancellation of shares               17(B)      (621)      (64,679)           621           (621)         (65,300)           —        (65,300)
Transfer to reserve                                 18(a)        —             —        437,479       (437,479)               —             —              —
Dividends relating to 2019                                       —             —              —     (1,206,344)    (1,206,344)              —     (1,206,344)
Dividends relating to 2020                           29          —             —              —       (685,921)         (685,921)           —       (685,921)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                      —             —              —              —                —           (646)          (646)

Total transactions with owners                                2,028       147,399       450,330     (2,330,234)    (1,730,477)            (646)   (1,731,123)

Balance at 31 December 2020                                 403,950       535,560     3,661,450     23,280,614     27,881,574          91,775     27,973,349




The notes on pages 69 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements




66      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                              For the Year Ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                    Note                2021              2020
                                                                                                    HK$’000           HK$’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                       30(a)       12,778,202          5,348,347
Interest paid                                                                                       (171,830)         (253,988)
Income tax paid                                                                                   (1,659,248)         (590,030)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                                     10,947,124          4,504,329


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                         (2,397,602)       (3,199,029)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                              —          (415,489)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                             30(b)             23,389            28,727
Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                                      30(c)                 —            22,986
Additions to investment property                                                                      (8,577)                 —
Payment for right-of-use assets in relation to land use right                                       (607,477)           (1,011)
Payment for right-of-use assets in relation to building                                                    —           (13,433)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                                  (607,469)         (288,444)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                     848,541           144,641
Addition to investment in an associate                                                13            (703,855)         (374,323)
Dividends received from associates                                                    13             759,405           402,128
Loan repayment from an associate                                                                         663            33,118
Loan advanced to an associate                                                                        (30,076)                 —
Amount receivable from non-controlling interest                                                        4,481                  —
Acquisition of a subsidiary arising from business combination                         33          (1,349,404)                 —
Decrease/(increase) in pledged bank deposits                                                             158           (15,296)
Increase in fixed deposits                                                                        (1,015,381)                 —
Interest received                                                                                     66,374            37,773

Net cash used in investing activities                                                             (5,016,830)       (3,637,652)




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   67
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended 31 December 2021




                                                                                   Note              2021          2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from bank and other borrowings                                                         9,528,356     6,785,000
Repayment of bank and other borrowings                                                          (5,618,048)   (6,020,503)
Repayment of lease liabilities                                                                    (36,471)       (13,624)
Shares repurchased and cancelled                                                                (1,012,978)      (65,300)
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares by share options                                    204,768       182,574
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                                   (5,180,551)   (1,892,265)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                                         (3,767)         (646)

Net cash used in financing activities                                                           (2,118,691)   (1,024,764)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                            3,811,603      (158,087)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                          5,244,554     5,097,924
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                              164,227       304,717

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year                                            16          9,220,384     5,244,554




The notes on pages 69 to 177 are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



68    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


1   GENERAL INFORMATION

    Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) were principally engaged in the
    production and sales of float glass, automobile glass, architectural glass products, which were carried out internationally,
    through the production complexes located in Mainland China (the “PRC”) and Malaysia in 2021.

    The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate
    Information” section to the annual report.

    The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company are listed on
    The Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

    These consolidated financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars, unless otherwise stated. These consolidated
    financial statements have been approved for issue by the Board of Directors on 28 Feburay 2022.


2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

    The principal accounting policies applied in the preparation of these consolidated financial statements are set out below.
    These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated.


    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
          The consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
          Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and in compliance
          with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622). The consolidated financial
          statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial assets at fair value through
          other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), financial assets at fair value through profit and loss (“FVTPL”) and investment
          properties, which are measured at fair values.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRSs requires the use of certain critical accounting
          estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting
          policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates
          are significant to the consolidated financial statements are disclosed in Note 4.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    69
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
          (a)   The following new standards and amendments to existing standards are mandatory for accounting periods
                beginning on or after 1 January 2021. The adoption of these new standards and amendments to existing
                standards does not have any significant impact to the results and financial position of the Group:


                HKFRS 16 (Amendments)                              Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions
                HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and             Interest Rate Benchmark Reform Phase 2
                  HKFRS 16 (Amendments)



          (b)   New standards and amendments to existing standards have been issued but are not effective for the financial
                year beginning on 1 January 2021 and have not been early adopted:

                                                                                                                 Effective for
                                                                                                                     accounting
                                                                                                            periods beginning
                                                                                                                     on or after

                Annual Improvements Project         Annual Improvements 2018 – 2020 Cycle                      1 January 2022
                HKAS 37 (Amendments)                Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract          1 January 2022
                HKFRS 3 (Amendments)                Reference to the Conceptual Framework                      1 January 2022
                HKAS 16 (Amendments)                Property, Plant and Equipment:                             1 January 2022
                                                      Proceeds before Intended Use
                Accounting Guideline 5              Merger Accounting for Common Control                       1 January 2022
                  (Amendments)                        Combinations
                HKFRS 17                            Insurance Contract                                         1 January 2023
                HKAS 1 (Amendments)                 Classification of Liabilities as Current or                1 January 2023
                                                      Non-current
                Amendments to HKAS 1 and            Disclosure of Accounting Policies                          1 January 2023
                  HKFRS Practice Statement 2
                HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                Sale or Contribution of Assets between an                To be determined
                  (Amendments)                        Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture
                Hong Kong Interpretation 5          Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan              1 January 2023
                  (2020) Presentation of              that Contains a Repayment
                  Financial Statements                on Demand Clause
                HKAS 8 (Amendments)                 Definition of Accounting Estimates                         1 January 2023
                HKAS 12 (Amendments)                Deferred Tax Related to Assets and Liabilities             1 January 2023
                                                      Arising from a Single Transaction




70   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
        (b)   New standards and amendments to existing standards have been issued but are not effective for the financial
              year beginning on 1 January 2021 and have not been early adopted: (Continued)

              Amendments to HKAS 12 “Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
              Transaction”
              The amendments to HKAS 12 “Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction”
              (the “Amendments”) was made in June 2021. The Amendments require companies to recognise deferred tax
              on transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal amounts of taxable and deductible temporary
              differences. They will typically apply to leases of lessees and will require the recognition of additional deferred
              tax assets and liabilities. Up to 31 December 2021, the Group accounts for taxable and deductible temporary
              differences arising from lease arrangements on a net-off basis. The Group does not foresee any material
              impact as a result of adoption of the Amendments.


              There are no standards or amendments to existing standarnds that are not yet effective and that would be
              expected to have a material impact on the Group in the current or future reporting periods and on foreseeable
              future transactions.


    2.2 SUBSIDIARIES
        Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
        an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
        has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
        consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
        control ceases.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       71
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
          (a)   Business combinations
                The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether
                equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                comprises the:

                •     fair values of the assets transferred,

                •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business,

                •     equity interests issued by the Group,

                •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement, and

                •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

                Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
                limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-
                controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the
                non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.

                Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

                The excess of the:

                •     consideration transferred,

                •     amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquired entity, and

                •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

                over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than
                the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised directly in
                profit or loss as a bargain purchase.




72   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.2 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
        (a)   Business combinations (Continued)
              Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
              discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange. The discount rate used is the entity’s incremental
              borrowing rate, being the rate at which a similar borrowing could be obtained from an independent financier
              under comparable terms and conditions.

              Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial liability. Amounts classified as a financial
              liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the consolidated
              income statement.

              If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
              held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses
              arising from such remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

              Intercompany transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are
              eliminated. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment
              of the transferred asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure
              consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

              Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated
              income statement, consolidated statement of comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in
              equity and consolidated balance sheet respectively.


        (b)   Changes in ownership interests
              The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
              transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
              between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests
              in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any
              consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the
              Company.

              When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control or
              significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with the change in
              carrying amount recognised in the consolidated income statement. This fair value becomes the initial carrying
              amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest as an associate or financial
              asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in respect of that entity
              are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities. This may mean that
              amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to the consolidated income
              statement or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by applicable HKFRSs.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       73
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.2 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
          (c)   Separate financial statements
                Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs
                of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received
                and receivable.

                Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.


     2.3 ASSOCIATES
          Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is
          generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are
          accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.

          Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter
          to recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in the consolidated
          income statement, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other
          comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying
          amount of the investment.

          When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
          including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
          incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

          Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
          interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
          impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where
          necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

          Gains and losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in the consolidated income statement.

          If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share
          of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the consolidated income
          statement where appropriate.

          The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in an
          associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between
          the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount adjacent to “share of
          profits of associates” in the consolidated income statement.




74   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.4 SEGMENT REPORTING
       Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
       decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
       performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that makes
       strategic decisions.


    2.5 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
       (a)   Functional and presentation currency
             Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
             the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
             financial statements are presented in Hong Kong dollars (“HK$”), which is the Company’s functional and the
             Group’s presentation currency.


       (b)   Transactions and balances
             Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
             at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses
             resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of
             monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated income
             statement.

             Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated income statement within “Other gains -
             net”.

             Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency classified as FVOCI are
             analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and other
             changes in the carrying amount of the security. Translation differences related to changes in amortised cost
             are recognised in the consolidated income statement, and other changes in carrying amount are recognised in
             other comprehensive income.

             Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets and liabilities such as equities held at FVTPL are
             recognised in the consolidated income statement as part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences
             on non-monetary financial assets such as equities classified as FVOCI are included in other comprehensive
             income.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     75
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.5 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION (Continued)
          (c)   Group companies
                The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
                hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
                translated into the presentation currency as follows:

                (i)     assets and liabilities for each balance sheet presented are translated at the closing rate at the date of
                        that balance sheet;

                (ii)    income and expenses for each income statement are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                        this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                        transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                        transactions); and

                (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

                Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
                liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


     2.6 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          Freehold land is stated at historical cost less subsequent impairment losses.

          Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less
          depreciation and impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition
          of the items.

          Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
          only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
          of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
          derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated income statement
          during the financial period in which they are incurred.

          Depreciation is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs, net of their residual values, over their
          estimated useful lives, as follows:

          – Buildings                                                         20-30 years
          – Plant and machinery                                               5-20 years
          – Office equipment                                                  3-7 years

          The assets’ residual values and useful lives are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at the end of each reporting
          period.




76   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.6 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
        Construction in progress represents buildings, plants and machinery on which construction work has not been
        completed and which, upon completion, management intends to hold for production purposes. Construction in
        progress is carried at cost which includes development and construction expenditure incurred and interest and other
        direct costs attributable to the development less any accumulated impairment losses. On completion, construction in
        progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment.

        An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
        greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 2.9).

        Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
        recognised within “Other gains - net” in the consolidated income statement.


    2.7 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
        Investment properties, principally comprising leasehold lands and office buildings, are held for long-term rental
        yields, capital appreciation or both, and that are not occupied by the Group. They also include properties that
        are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties. Investment properties are initially
        measured at cost, including related transaction costs and interest expense capitalised. After initial recognition at cost
        investment properties are carried at fair value, representing open market value determined at each reporting date by
        external valuers. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted, if necessary, for any difference in the nature,
        location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not available, the Group uses alternative valuation
        methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted cash flow projections. Changes in fair values are
        recorded in the consolidated income statement as fair value gain or loss in “Other gains - net”.


    2.8 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
       (a)   Goodwill
              Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the
              amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous
              equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identified net assets acquired.

              Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
              tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
              be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an
              entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

              Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to
              those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business
              combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at
              which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      77
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.8 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
          (b)   Trademark, customer relationship and patent
                Trademark, customer relationship and patent acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value
                at the acquisition date. Trademark, customer relationship and patent have a finite useful life and are carried
                at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses. Amortisation is calculated using the straight-line
                method to allocate the cost of trademark, customer relationship and patent over their estimated useful lives of
                3 - 20 years.


          (c)   Float glass production capacity
                Float glass production capacity acquired from external parties are recognised at fair value at the acquisition
                date. The management considered that the float glass production capacity has indefinite useful life because it
                is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. It has no foreseeable limit to the period over which
                the Group can use to generate net cash flows. The float glass production capacity will not be amortised
                until its useful life is determined to be finite. Float glass production capacity is subjected to impairment test
                annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is
                carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

                Float glass production capacity is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing.
                The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to
                benefit from the using of the float glass production capacity. The units or groups of units are identified at the
                lowest level at which float glass production capacity is monitored for internal management purposes, being
                the operating segments.


     2.9 IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS
          Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
          annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
          impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
          carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
          carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
          costs to sell and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
          for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are highly independent of the cash inflows from
          other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
          impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at each reporting date.




78   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.10 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS
       (a)   Classification
             The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

             •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through
                   profit or loss), and

             •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

             The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
             contractual terms of the cash flows.

             For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in the consolidated income statement
             or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held for trading, this will
             depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial recognition to account
             for the equity investment at FVOCI.

             The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
             changes.


       (b)   Recognition and derecognition
             Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
             commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows
             from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all
             the risks and rewards of ownership.


       (c)   Measurement
             At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
             not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
             costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in consolidated income statement.

             Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
             cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        79
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.10 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
          (c)   Measurement (Continued)
                Debt instruments

                Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
                and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
                classifies its debt instruments:

                •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                      represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from
                      these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any gain or
                      loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in the consolidated income statement and presented
                      in “Other gains - net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses. Impairment losses are presented
                      as separate line item in the consolidated income statement.

                •     FVOCI: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the financial assets,
                      where the assets’ cash flows represent solely payments of principal and interest, are measured at
                      FVOCI. Movements in the carrying amount are taken through other comprehensive income, except for
                      the recognition of impairment gains or losses, interest income and foreign exchange gains and losses
                      which are recognised in consolidated income statement. When the financial asset is derecognised, the
                      cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in other comprehensive income will not reclassified to
                      profit or loss Interest income from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective
                      interest rate method. Foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in “Other gains - net” and
                      impairment expenses are presented as separate line item in the consolidated income statement.

                      At initial recognition, an entity may make an irrevocable election to present in other comprehensive
                      income subsequent changes in the fair value of an investment in an equity instrument within the scope
                      of HKFRS 9 that is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a
                      business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies. If an entity makes the election, changes in fair value
                      recognised in other comprehensive income will not be reclassified to profit and loss.

                •     FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain or
                      loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in consolidated income
                      statement and presented within “Other gains - net” in the period in which it arises.




80   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.10 INVESTMENTS AND OTHER FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
       (c)   Measurement (Continued)
             Equity instruments

              The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has
              elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is
              no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the consolidated income statement following
              the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised in the
              consolidated income statement as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is established.

              Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in “Other gains - net” or “Other income”
              in the consolidated income statement as applicable. Impairment losses (and reversal of impairment losses) on
              equity investments measured at FVOCI are not reported separately from other changes in fair value.

              Details on how the fair value of financial instruments is determined are disclosed in Note 3.3.


       (d)   Impairment
              The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
              carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has
              been a significant increase in credit risk.

              For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
              expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.


    2.11 OFFSETTING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
        Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount are reported in the consolidated balance sheet when the
        Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net
        basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must not be contingent
        on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of default, insolvency or
        bankruptcy of the Company or counterparties.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      81
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.12 INVENTORIES
          Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
          method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs
          and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). It excludes borrowing costs. Net realisable
          value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, less the estimated costs necessary to make the
          sale.


     2.13 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
          Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold in the ordinary course of business. If collection of
          trade and other receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer),
          they are classified as current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

          Trade and other receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional unless
          they contain significant financing components, when they are recognised at fair value. The Group holds the trade
          receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore measures them subsequently at
          amortised cost using the effective interest method.


     2.14 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
          Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with banks and other short-term highly liquid
          investments with original maturities of three months or less, less pledged bank deposits.


     2.15 SHARE CAPITAL
          Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

          Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net
          of tax, from the proceeds.

          Where any group company purchases the Company’s equity share capital (treasury shares), the consideration paid,
          including any directly attributable incremental costs (net of income taxes) is deducted from equity attributable to the
          Company’s equity holders until the shares are cancelled or reissued. Where such ordinary shares are subsequently
          reissued, any consideration received, net of any directly attributable incremental transaction costs and the related
          income tax effects, is included in equity attributable to the Company’s equity holders.




82   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.16 BORROWINGS
       Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
       carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
       is recognised in the consolidated income statement over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
       method.

       Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it
       is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
       occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facilities will be drawn down,
       the fee is capitalised as a prepayment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
       relates.

       Borrowings are removed from the balance sheet when the obligation specified in the contract is discharged,
       cancelled or expired. The difference between the carrying amount of a financial liability that has been extinguished
       or transferred to another party and the consideration paid, including any non-cash assets transferred or liabilities
       assumed, is recognised in profit or loss as finance costs.

       Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the
       liability for at least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.


    2.17 BORROWINGS COSTS
       General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
       assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
       are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or
       sale.

       Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
       qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

       All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.18 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
          The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
          on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
          attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

          The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated income
          statement, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
          equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


          (a)   Current income tax
                The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries and associates
                operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
                respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is
                probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances
                either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides a better
                prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.


          (b)   Deferred income tax
                Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
                the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
                However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
                Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
                transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
                nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
                Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted
                by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
                realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

                The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
                assuming the property will be recovered either through sale or through use.

                Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise
                those temporary differences and losses.

                Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
                and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing of the
                reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
                future.




84   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.18 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
       (c)   Offsetting
              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
              and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
              tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on
              a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


       (d)   Investment allowances and similar tax incentives
              Companies within the Group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in qualifying
              assets or in relation to qualifying expenditure (e.g. investment allowances). The Group accounts for such
              allowances as tax credits, which means that the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax
              expense. A deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that can be carried forward and when it is
              probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise the unclaimed tax credits.


    2.19 PROVISIONS
        Provisions are recognised when: the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it
        is probable that an outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably
        estimated. Provisions are not recognised for future operating losses.

        Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
        determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
        outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

        Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures required to settle
        the obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax
        rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The
        increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      85
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.20 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
          (a)   Pension obligations
                The Group participates in a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in
                separate trustee-administered funds. The pension plans are generally funded by payments from employees and
                by the relevant group companies. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays
                fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                contribution if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee
                services in the current and prior periods. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                have been paid.

                The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
                recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.


          (b)   Employee leave entitlements
                Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made
                for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the
                reporting period.

                Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


          (c)   Profit-sharing and bonus plans
                The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-sharing, based on a formula that
                takes into consideration the profit attributable to the Company’s shareholders after certain adjustments. The
                Group recognises a provision where contractually obliged or where there is a past practice that has created a
                constructive obligation.




86   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.21 SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
       (a)   Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
             The Group operates a number of equity-settled, share-based compensation plans, under which the entity
             receives services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Group. The fair value
             of the employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The
             total amount to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

             •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

             •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example,
                   profitability, sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period);
                   and

             •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to save).

             Non-market vesting conditions are included in assumptions about the number of options that are expected to
             vest. The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified
             vesting conditions are to be satisfied.

             At the end of each reporting period, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options that are expected
             to vest based on the non-market vesting conditions. It recognises the impact of the revision to original
             estimates, if any, in the consolidated income statement, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

             When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
             attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium when the
             options are exercised.


       (b)   Share-based payment transactions among group entities
             The grant by the Company of options over its equity instruments to the employees of subsidiary undertakings
             in the Group is treated as a capital contribution. The fair value of employee services received, measured by
             reference to the grant date fair value, is recognised over the vesting period as an increase to investment in
             subsidiary undertakings, with a corresponding credit to equity.


    2.22 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
       These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
       which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30-90 days of recognition. Trade and
       other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting
       period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
       effective interest method.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.23 FINANCIAL GUARANTEE
          Financial guarantee contracts are recognised as a financial liability at the time the guarantee is issued. The liability is
          initially measured at fair value and subsequently at the higher of:

          •     the amount determined in accordance with the expected credit loss model under HKFRS 9 Financial
                Instruments; and

          •     the amount initially recognised less, where appropriate, the cumulative amount of income recognised in
                accordance with the principles of HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

          The fair value of financial guarantees is determined based on the present value of the difference in cash flows
          between the contractual payments required under the debt instrument and the payments that would be required
          without the guarantee, or the estimated amount that would be payable to a third party for assuming the obligations.

          Where guarantees in relation to loans or other payables of associates are provided for no compensation, the fair
          values are accounted for as contributions and recognised as part of the cost of the investment.


     2.24 GOVERNMENT GRANTS
          Grants from the government are recognised at their fair values where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
          will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

          Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated income statement over the
          period necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

          Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are initially included in liabilities as
          deferred government grants and when such property, plant and equipment are built or purchased, the received
          government grants are netted off with cost of the related assets.


     2.25 REVENUE RECOGNITION
          The Group manufactures and sells glass products. Revenue from sales of glass products are recognised when control
          of the products has transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled
          obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have
          been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customers,
          and either the customers has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions
          have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

          Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract. No element of financing is
          deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 to 90 days, which is consistent with market practice.

          Receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration become
          unconditional and only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.




88   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
2   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

    2.26 LEASES
        Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
        available for use by the Group.

        Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions. The
        lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by
        the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

        Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the
        net present value of the following lease payments:

        •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

        •      variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
               commencement date

        •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees

        •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

        •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

        Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
        liability.

        The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease. If that rate cannot be readily
        determined, which is generally the case for leases in the Group, the lessee’s incremental borrowing rate is used,
        being the rate that the individual lessee would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of
        similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment with similar terms, security and conditions.

        To determine the incremental borrowing rate, the Group:

        •      where possible, uses recent third-party financing received by the individual lessee as a starting point, adjusted
               to reflect changes in financing conditions since third party financing was received

        •      uses a build-up approach that starts with a risk-free interest rate adjusted for credit risk for leases held by the
               Group, which does not have recent third party financing, and

        •      makes adjustments specific to the lease, e.g. term, country, currency and security.

        If a readily observable amortising loan rate is available to the individual lessee (through recent financing or market
        data) which has a similar payment profile to the lease, then the group entities use that rate as a starting point to
        determine the incremental borrowing rate.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

     2.26 LEASES (Continued)
          Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
          the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
          each period.

          Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

          •     the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

          •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

          •     any initial direct costs, and

          •     restoration costs.

          Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease term on
          a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the right-of-use asset is
          depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.

          Payments associated with short-term leases are recognised on a straight-line basis as an expense in profit or loss.
          Short-term leases are leases with a lease term of 12 months or less.

          Lease income from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in other income on a straight-line basis
          over the lease term. The respective leased assets are included in the balance sheet based on their nature.


     2.27 DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
          Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial
          statements and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
          Company’s shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


     2.28 INTEREST INCOME
          Interest income on financial assets at amortised cost, calculated using the effective interest method is recognised in
          the consolidated income statement as part of other income.

          Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
          management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.

          Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
          except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective
          interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).




90   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS
       The Group’s activities expose it to a variety of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk, and cash
       flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk, price risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management
       programme focuses on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on
       the Group’s financial performance.


       (a)   Market risk
             (i)    Foreign exchange risk

                    The Group mainly operates in the PRC and Hong Kong with most of the transactions denominated and
                    settled in Chinese Renminbi (“RMB”), United States dollars (“USD”) and HK$. Foreign exchange risk
                    arises from future commercial transactions, acquired assets and liabilities and net investments in foreign
                    operations. The Group manages its foreign exchange risks by performing regular reviews and arranges
                    hedges against foreign exchange exposures when considered necessary. Details of the Group’s trade
                    and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, fixed deposits, cash and bank balances, trade and other
                    payables, and bank and other borrowings are disclosed in Notes 15, 16, 19 and 20 to the consolidated
                    financial statements.

                    As at 31 December 2021, if RMB had strengthened/weakened by 5% (2020: 5%) against the HK$ with
                    all other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                    HK$182,347,000 (2020: HK$123,000,000) higher/lower mainly as a result of foreign exchange gains/
                    losses on translation of RMB-denominated cash and bank balances.


             (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk

                    The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly attributable to its cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits,
                    pledged bank deposits and bank and other borrowings. Financial assets and liabilities at variable rates
                    expose the Group to cash flow interest rate risk. Financial assets and liabilities at fixed rates expose the
                    Group to fair value interest rate risk. Details of the Group’s cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits,
                    pledged bank deposits and bank and other borrowings have been disclosed in Notes 16, and 20 to the
                    consolidated financial statements.

                    As at 31 December 2021, if HK$ interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged
                    bank deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2020: 25) basis points higher/lower with all
                    other variables held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately
                    HK$30,092,000 (2020: HK$23,970,000) lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest
                    expense on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (a)   Market risk (Continued)
                (ii)   Cash flow and fair value interest rate risk (Continued)

                       As at 31 December 2021, if RMB interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and
                       pledged bank deposits had been 25 (2020: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held
                       constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$18,898,000 (2020:
                       HK$9,290,000) higher/lower, mainly as a result of higher/lower interest income on bank deposits.

                       As at 31 December 2021, if USD interest rates on cash and bank balances and pledged bank deposits
                       had been 25 (2020: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant, profit after
                       income tax for the year would have been approximately HK$92,000 (2020: HK$1,333,000) higher/lower,
                       mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest income on cash and cash equivalents and pledged bank
                       deposits.


          (b)   Credit risk
                The Group’s credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged bank deposits, trade and
                other receivables and loans to an associate and cash flows from derivative financial instruments. Management
                has a credit policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis. The
                carrying amounts of these balances represent the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to
                financial assets which are stated as follows:

                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000            HK$’000

                Cash and cash equivalents and deposits at bank                                 10,229,796          5,239,532
                Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                    59,360             59,518
                Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                      4,740,308          3,979,125
                Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                                    30,577                 657

                Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                15,060,041          9,278,832




92   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
              As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, most of the bank deposits are deposited with reputable banks in Hong
              Kong and state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of cash and bank balances has been assessed
              by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. The
              existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past.

              In respect of trade and other receivables and loans to an associate, the Group has policies in place to ensure
              that the loans or sales of products are made to counterparties or customers with appropriate credit history and
              the Group performs credit evaluations of these counterparties and its customers.

              The credit period of the majority of the Group’s trade receivables is within 90 days and largely comprises
              amounts receivable from business customers.

              There is limited degree of concentration of credit risks of the Group (Note 15(b)).

              In order to minimise the credit risks, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
              determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up
              actions are taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount
              of each individual trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision for expected credit losses are made for
              irrecoverable amounts. In this regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.

              The Group has the following financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

              •     cash and cash equivalents at bank

              •     fixed bank deposits

              •     pledged bank deposits

              •     trade and other receivables

              •     loans to an associate

              While cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged bank deposits are also subject to the
              impairment requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
                Trade receivables

                The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime
                expected loss allowance for all trade receivables.

                To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been grouped based on aging.

                The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 24 month before 31
                December 2021 and 2020 respectively and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within
                this period. The historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on
                macroeconomic factors affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

                On that basis, the loss allowance as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 was determined as follows for trade
                receivables:

                                                                     1 - 90   91 - 180   181 - 365      1–2      Over 2
                                                                      days       days    days pass      years      years
                31 December 2021                    Current    pass due       pass due        due    pass due   pass due    Total

                Expected loss rate                     1.5%          6.7%       29.1%      57.8%       71.7%      100%
                Gross carrying amount (HK$’000)    1,672,097    128,475        48,623       6,113      7,441      5,864 1,868,613
                Loss allowance (HK$’000)              25,028         8,592     14,166       3,536      5,337      5,864    62,523


                                                                     1 - 90   91 - 180   181 - 365      1–2       Over 2
                                                                      days        days        days      years      years
                31 December 2020                     Current    pass due      pass due    pass due   pass due   pass due     Total

                Expected loss rate                     0.5%          2.5%        4.6%       9.3%       17.3%      100%
                Gross carrying amount
                  (HK$’000)                        1,186,871    111,804        63,411      41,378     27,181     17,410 1,448,055
                Loss allowance (HK$’000)               5,795         2,785      2,899       3,842      4,713     17,410    37,444


                Movements of loss allowance of trade receivables are set out in Note 15(b).




94   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
        (b)   Credit risk (Continued)
              Trade receivables (Continued)

              Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there
              is no reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a
              repayment plan with the Group, and a failure to make contractual payments for a period of greater than 2
              years past due.

              Impairment losses on trade receivables and contract assets are presented as net impairment losses within
              operating profit. Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line
              item.

              Most of the bills receivables are issued from state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of bills
              receivables has been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the
              counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, expected
              credit loss rate of bills receivables are assessed to be close to zero and no provision was made as at 31
              December 2021 and 2020.

              For other financial assets at amortised cost, management considers that their credit risk has not increased
              significantly since initial recognition with reference to the counterparty historical default rate and current
              financial position. The impairment provision is determined based on the 12-month expected credit losses
              which is close to zero.


        (c)   Price risk
              The Group’s exposure to equity securities price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in
              the consolidated balance sheet as financial assets at FVOCI (Note 11) and financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12).

              The Group does not have formal policy to manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities.

              With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVOCI measured at fair value
              had been 10% (2020: 10%) higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31
              December 2021 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$2,528,000 (2020: HK$2,901,000).

              With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVTPL measured at fair value
              had been 10% (2020: 10%) higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31
              December 2021 would increase/decrease by approximately HK$31,446,000 (2020: HK$22,355,000).




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.1 FINANCIAL RISK FACTORS (Continued)
          (d)   Liquidity risk
                Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities, the availability
                of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities and the ability to close out market
                positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the Group aims to maintain flexibility in
                funding by keeping committed credit lines available.

                The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based
                on the remaining period at the consolidated balance sheet to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
                disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
                carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                             Less than        Between 1         Between 2
                                                                1 year        and 2 years       and 5 years              Total
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000

                At 31 December 2021
                Bank borrowings and
                  interest payables                         4,743,390           6,699,990         4,286,017        15,729,397
                Trade and other payables
                  excluding non-financial liabilities       2,831,931                140,313              —         2,972,244
                Lease liabilities                               32,977                21,124            906             55,007

                Total                                       7,608,298           6,861,427         4,286,923        18,756,648


                                                              Less than        Between 1         Between 2
                                                                 1 year       and 2 years       and 5 years               Total
                                                              HK$’000            HK$’000           HK$’000            HK$’000

                At 31 December 2020
                Bank borrowings and
                  interest payables                         3,889,688           4,562,801         3,314,476        11,766,965
                Trade and other payables
                  excluding non-financial liabilities       2,789,489                146,211              —         2,935,700
                Lease liabilities                               33,855                26,303         27,378             87,536

                Total                                       6,713,032           4,735,315         3,341,854        14,790,201




96   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.2 CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
       The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
       in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
       structure to reduce the cost of capital.

       In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group will consider the macro economic conditions,
       prevailing borrowing rate in the market and adequacy of cash flows generating from operations and may raise
       funding through capital market or bank borrowings as necessary.

       Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
       calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total borrowings (including “current and non-
       current borrowings” as shown in the consolidated balance sheet) less cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and
       pledged bank deposits.

       The gearing ratios at 31 December 2021 and 2020 were as follows:

                                                                                                    2021               2020
                                                                                                HK$’000            HK$’000

       Total bank and other borrowings (Note 20) and lease liabilities (Note 6(B))           15,545,113         11,657,266
       Less: cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits and pledged
              bank deposits (Note 16)                                                       (10,295,125)         (5,304,072)

       Net debt                                                                                5,249,988         6,353,194

       Total equity                                                                          34,706,524         27,973,349

       Gearing ratio                                                                              15.1%              22.7%




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

     3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION
          The table below analyses financial instruments carried at fair value, by valuation method. The different levels have
          been defined as follows:

          •      Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (level 1).

          •      Inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either
                 directly (that is, as prices) or indirectly (that is, derived from prices) (level 2).

          •      Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (that is, unobservable inputs) (level
                 3).

          The following table presents the Group’s assets and liabilities (other than investments properties disclosed in Note 7)
          that are measured at fair value at 31 December 2021 and 2020.

                                                                     Level 1              Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

          At 31 December 2021
          Assets
          Financial assets at FVOCI
             – Equity securities                                      25,275                    —              —           25,275
          Financial assets at FVTPL
             – Equity securities                                    274,143                     —              —          274,143
              – Other financial product                                    —                    —          40,313          40,313


                                                                      Level 1              Level 2         Level 3            Total
                                                                    HK$’000              HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000

          At 31 December 2020
          Assets
          Financial assets at FVOCI
             – Equity securities                                      29,006                    —              —           29,006
          Financial assets at FVTPL
             – Equity securities                                    223,553                     —              —          223,553




98   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
3   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)

    3.3 FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Continued)
        There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year. The following table presents the changes in level 3
        item for the periods ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020:

                                                                                            Other financial
                                                                                                      product            Total
                                                                                                  HK$’000            HK$’000

        At 1 January 2020                                                                                  —                —
        Acquisitions                                                                           12,053,903         12,053,903
        Disposals                                                                              (12,156,366)      (12,156,366)
        Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                    102,463        102,463

        At 31 December 2020                                                                                —                —
        Acquisitions                                                                           15,892,574         15,892,574
        Disposals                                                                              (16,001,988)      (16,001,988)
        Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                    149,727        149,727

        At 31 December 2021                                                                            40,313          40,313


        The significant unobservable input to the valuation of financial instruments as at 31 December 2021 and 2020 is net
        asset value.

        The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the balance
        sheet date. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an exchange,
        dealer, broker, industry group, pricing service, or regulatory agency, and those prices represent actual and regularly
        occurring market transactions on an arm’s length basis. The quoted market prices for financial assets at FVOCI and
        FVTPL used by the Group are the current bid price. These instruments are included in level 1.

        The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market (for example, over-the-counter
        derivatives) is determined by using valuation techniques. These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable
        market data where it is available and rely as little as possible on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs
        required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is included in level 2.

        If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in level 3.

        Specific valuation techniques used to value financial instruments include:

        •     Quoted market prices or dealer quotes for similar instruments.

        •     Other techniques, such as discounted cash flow analysis, are used to determine fair value for the remaining
              financial instruments.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


4     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

      Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
      expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

      The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
      seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
      adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.


      (A) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
           (i)    Useful lives
                  The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its
                  property, plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of
                  these assets of similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations
                  and competitor actions in response to changes in market conditions. Management will increase the
                  depreciation charge where useful lives are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down
                  technically obsolete or non- strategic assets that have been abandoned or sold.


           (ii)   Impairment assessment
                  Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
                  indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amounts have been determined
                  based on value-in-use calculations, taking into account the latest market information, past experience and the
                  sustainability of the financial performance in the foreseeable future.


      (B) IMPAIRMENT OF TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
            The Group makes provision for expected credit losses of trade and other receivables based on an estimate of the
            recoverability of these receivables. Provisions are applied to trade and other receivables where events or changes
            in circumstances indicate that the balances may not be collectible. The identification of impairment of trade and
            other receivables requires the use of estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original estimate, such
            difference will impact the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for expected credit losses in the period in
            which such estimate has been changed.

            The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
            Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based
            on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each
            reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in the tables in Note 3.1(b).




100   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
4   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

    (C) CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
        The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
        the worldwide provision for income taxes and the timing of the related payments. There are many transactions and
        calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the
        final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
        impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.

        Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
        tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
        income tax liabilities of the Group mainly arise from fair value gain from investment properties and unremitted
        earnings of the PRC subsidiaries. The realisability of the deferred income tax liabilities and assets mainly depends
        on its subsidiaries’ dividend pay-out ratio and whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary differences will
        be available in the future, whichever is applicable. In cases where the actual dividend pay-out ratio is more than
        expected or future profits generated are less than expected, such difference will impact the income taxes in the
        periods in which such estimates have been changed.


    (D) FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
        Investment properties are carried at their fair values at 31 December 2021 amounting to HK$1,661,384,000 (2020:
        HK$1,734,122,000). The fair values were based on valuation on these properties conducted by independent
        professionally qualified valuers using property valuation techniques which involve certain assumptions of market
        conditions. Favorable or unfavorable changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of
        the Group’s investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss recognised in the
        consolidated income statement. Information about the valuation of investment properties is provided in Note 7.


    (E) IMPAIRMENT OF INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIVE
        The group tests whether intangible assets with indefinite useful live has suffered any impairment on an annual basis.
        For the 2021 and 2020 reporting periods, the recoverable amount of cash-generating units (CGUs) was determined
        based on value-in-use calculations which require the use of assumptions. The calculations use cash flow projections
        based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period.

        Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the estimated growth rates stated in note 8. These
        growth rates are consistent with forecasts included in industry reports specific to the industry in which each CGU
        operates. Details of key assumptions are disclosed in note 8.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


4     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

      (F) BUSINESS COMBINATION
            Accounting for acquisitions require the Group to allocate the purchase price to specific assets acquired and liabilities
            assumed based on their estimated fair values at the date of acquisition. The Group has undertaken processes
            to identify all assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including acquired intangible assets. Judgements made
            in identifying all acquired assets, determining the estimated fair value assigned to each class of assets acquired
            and liabilities assumed, as well as asset’s useful lives, could materially impact the calculation of bargain purchase
            and depreciation charges in subsequent periods. Estimated fair values are based on information available near
            the acquisition date and on expectations and assumptions that have been deemed reasonable by management.
            Determining the estimated useful lives of tangible and intangible assets acquired also requires judgement. Different
            conclusions around these judgements may materially impact how these investments presented and measured in the
            consolidated balance sheet of the Group.


5     SEGMENT INFORMATION

      Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the executive directors that are
      used to make strategic decisions.

      The executive directors consider the business from an operational perspective. Generally, the executive directors consider
      the performance of business of each operating segment within the Group separately. Thus, each business within the
      Group is an individual operating segment.

      Among these operating segments, they are aggregated into three segments based on the products sold: (1) float glass; (2)
      automobile glass; and (3) architectural glass.

      The executive directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit. The Group
      does not allocate operating costs to its segments as this information is not reviewed by the executive directors.

      Sales between segments are carried out at terms mutually agreed by both parties. The revenue from external parties
      reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated income statement.




102   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
    December 2021 is as follows:

                                                                        Automobile Architectural
                                                          Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated           Total
                                                            HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

    Segment revenue                                       25,601,836       5,457,050      3,094,567               —    34,153,453
    Inter-segment revenue                                 (3,694,333)              —               —              —    (3,694,333)

    Revenue from external customers (Note)               21,907,503       5,457,050       3,094,567               —    30,459,120
    Cost of sales                                       (10,131,281)     (2,885,616)     (1,665,095)              — (14,681,992)

    Gross profit                                         11,776,222       2,571,434       1,429,472               —    15,777,128

    Depreciation charge
      – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)           1,090,865         150,153         153,768            6,047    1,400,833
      – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         63,652           5,948           2,406         58,415      130,421
    Amortisation charge
      – intangible assets (Note 22)                                41          1,455               —              —         1,496
    Increase in provision for loss allowance,
      net (Note 15)                                           19,414           1,782           5,056              —       26,252
    Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —      1,185,743     1,185,743


    Note:

    The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2021 have been recognised at point in time.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5     SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                      Assets and liabilities
                                                                           Automobile Architectural
                                                            Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated              Total
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000           HK$’000       HK$’000

      Total assets                                          24,773,808       6,859,595      2,342,013      22,523,249       56,498,665

      Total assets included:
        Investments in associates (Note 13)                          —               —               —         9,482,532     9,482,532
        Loan to associates                                           —               —               —           30,577         30,577
        Investment properties (Note 7)                               —               —               —         1,661,384     1,661,384
      Additions to non-current assets
        (other than financial assets at FVOCI)               3,254,413         265,969        127,210          2,613,722     6,261,314

      Total liabilities                                      3,228,410       1,354,779        554,638      16,654,314       21,792,141


      The presented segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year
      ended 31 December 2020 is as follows:

                                                                            Automobile    Architectural
                                                             Float glass          glass           glass    Unallocated            Total
                                                              HK$’000         HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000        HK$’000

      Segment revenue                                       14,169,688       4,608,976      2,212,161                —      20,990,825
      Inter-segment revenue                                 (2,374,946)              —               —               —      (2,374,946)

      Revenue from external customers (Note)               11,794,742       4,608,976       2,212,161                —     18,615,879
      Cost of sales                                         (7,170,288)     (2,432,070)    (1,242,086)               —     (10,844,444)

      Gross profit                                          4,624,454       2,176,906         970,075                —      7,771,435

      Depreciation charge
        – property, plant and equipment (Note 22)              820,080        144,532         102,105             2,322     1,069,039
        – right-of-use assets (Note 22)                         37,590           6,167           1,236           53,774        98,767
      Amortisation charge
        – intangible assets (Note 22)                                —           1,791               —               —           1,791
      Increase in provision for loss allowance, net                  —           3,130         12,750                —         15,880
      Share of profits of associates (Note 13)                       —               —               —      1,124,341       1,124,341


      Note:

      The Group’s revenue from all segments during year ended 31 December 2020 have been recognised at point in time.




104   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    The presented segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year
    ended 31 December 2020 is as follows: (Continued)

                                                                                  Assets and liabilities
                                                                       Automobile     Architectural
                                                         Float glass          glass           Glass        Unallocated        Total
                                                          HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000             HK$’000       HK$’000

    Total assets                                        20,203,797      7,134,112       2,079,505          15,653,675    45,071,089

    Total assets included:
    Investments in associates (Note 13)                          —              —                —          8,230,998     8,230,998
    Loans to an associate (Note 13)                              —              —                —                657          657
    Investment properties (Note 7)                               —              —                —          1,734,122     1,734,122
    Additions to non-current assets
      (other than financial assets at FVOCI)             3,337,087        137,519         109,050             235,709     3,819,365

    Total liabilities                                    2,138,481      1,150,421       1,013,840          12,794,998    17,097,740


    A reconciliation of segment gross profit to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                             2021             2020
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

    Segment gross profit                                                                           15,777,128            7,771,435
    Unallocated:
      Other income                                                                                     614,216             463,961
      Other gains - net                                                                                115,146             888,996
      Selling and marketing costs                                                                  (1,562,216)            (958,661)
      Administrative and other operating expenses                                                  (2,446,005)           (1,788,855)
      Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                         (26,252)            (15,880)
      Finance income                                                                                       66,374           37,773
      Finance costs                                                                                    (155,060)          (192,768)
      Share of profits of associates                                                                  1,185,743          1,124,341
      Impairment of an associate                                                                        (67,353)                 —

      Profit before income tax                                                                     13,501,721            7,330,342




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5     SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

      Reportable segment assets/(liabilities) are reconciled to total assets/(liabilities) as follows:

                                                                           Assets                               Liabilities

                                                                        2021                2020               2021                2020
                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000             HK$’000             HK$’000

      Segment assets/(liabilities)                               33,975,416          29,417,414           (5,137,827)         (4,302,742)
      Unallocated:
        Property, plant and equipment                             1,611,041           1,478,451                   —                   —
        Right-of-use assets                                       2,667,514           2,190,874                   —                   —
        Investment properties                                     1,661,384           1,734,122                   —                   —
        Prepayments for property, plant and
           equipment and right-of-use assets                           3,873               1,633                  —                   —
        Financial assets at FVOCI                                     25,275              29,006                  —                   —
        Financial assets at FVTPL                                   314,456             223,553                   —                   —
        Investments in associates                                 9,482,532           8,230,998                   —                   —
        Balances with associates                                      30,577                 657                  —                   —
        Prepayments, deposits and other receivables               1,159,428             775,093                   —                   —
        Cash and bank balances                                    5,567,169             989,288                   —                   —
        Other payables                                                     —                   —           (820,749)           (626,354)
        Current income tax liabilities                                     —                   —           (198,299)           (185,118)
        Deferred income tax liabilities                                    —                   —           (448,307)           (409,518)
        Bank and other borrowings                                          —                   —         (15,186,959)     (11,574,008)

      Total assets/(liabilities)                                 56,498,665          45,071,089          (21,792,141)     (17,097,740)


      The amounts provided to the executive directors with respect to total assets are measured in a manner consistent with
      that of the consolidated financial statements. These assets are allocated based on the operations of the segment.




106   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
5   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

    Breakdown of the revenue from the sales of products is as follows:

                                                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000

    Sales of float glass                                                                         21,907,503      11,794,742
    Sales of automobile glass                                                                        5,457,050     4,608,976
    Sales of architectural glass                                                                     3,094,567     2,212,161

    Total                                                                                        30,459,120      18,615,879


    The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from customers located in Greater China (including Hong Kong and the PRC), North
    America and Europe whilst the Group’s business activities are conducted predominately in Greater China. An analysis of
    the Group’s sales by geographical area of its customers is as follows:

                                                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000

    Greater China                                                                                23,699,971      13,636,338
    North America                                                                                    2,233,865     1,963,977
    Europe                                                                                            821,232        591,024
    Other countries                                                                                  3,704,052     2,424,540

                                                                                                 30,459,120      18,615,879


    An analysis of the Group’s non-current assets other than financial assets at FVOCI by geographical area in which the assets
    are located is as follows:

                                                                                                         2021           2020
                                                                                                      HK$’000       HK$’000

    Greater China                                                                                34,939,253      30,025,323
    North America                                                                                       6,645          7,450
    Malaysia                                                                                         2,095,262     2,068,201
    Other countries                                                                                       287              406

                                                                                                 37,041,447      32,101,380


    None of a single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2021
    (2020: None).

    Sales of goods are recognised at a point in time when a group entity has delivered products to the customer; the customer
    has accepted the products and collectability of the related receivables is reasonably assured.


                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                         Construction                                 Plant and        Office
                                          in progress Freehold land    Buildings     Machinery     equipment          Total
                                           HK$’000        HK$’000      HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000

      Year ended 31 December 2020
      Opening net book amount             1,725,445       143,411     3,349,977      8,965,282        18,720    14,202,835
      Currency translation differences      106,293          1,850      173,648        479,778           274       761,843
      Additions                           2,823,183             —         7,608        597,481        25,724     3,453,996
      Transfers                          (3,598,046)            —       754,803      2,827,634        15,609             —
      Disposals                             (17,174)            —            (60)      (62,791)          (75)      (80,100)
      Depreciation charge                         —             —      (182,784)      (996,133)      (17,680)   (1,196,597)
      Reclassification                            —             —           (460)          280           180             —

      Closing net book amount            1,039,701        145,261     4,102,732     11,811,531        42,752    17,141,977

      At 31 December 2020
      Cost                                1,039,701       145,261     5,482,910     19,010,440       154,294    25,832,606
      Accumulated depreciation                    —             —     (1,380,178)    (7,198,909)    (111,542)    (8,690,629)

      Net book amount                    1,039,701        145,261     4,102,732     11,811,531        42,752    17,141,977




108   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                       Construction      Freehold                     Plant and         Office
                                         in progress         land      Buildings     Machinery     equipment            Total
                                          HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000

    Year ended 31 December 2021
    Opening net book amount              1,039,701        145,261      4,102,732     11,811,531         42,752     17,141,977
    Currency translation differences        23,636          (4,154)       68,031        224,485            816        312,814
    Business combination (Note 33)               —              —        555,799        572,733         23,217      1,151,749
    Additions                            1,616,189         28,997         42,887        514,306         43,136      2,245,515
    Transfers                           (1,213,626)             —        494,319        711,728          7,579              —
    Transfer to investment
      properties (Note7)                         —              —         (7,905)             —              —         (7,905)
    Disposals                                    —              —        (13,898)      (225,886)          (896)      (240,680)
    Depreciation charge                          —              —       (221,811)    (1,570,796)       (26,330)    (1,818,937)

    Closing net book amount              1,465,900        170,104      5,020,154    12,038,101          90,274    18,784,533

    At 31 December 2021
    Cost                                 1,465,900        170,104      6,648,127     20,872,072        229,188     29,385,391
    Accumulated depreciation                     —              —     (1,627,973)    (8,833,971)      (138,914) (10,600,858)

    Net book amount                      1,465,900        170,104      5,020,154    12,038,101          90,274    18,784,533


    Depreciation expense of approximately HK$1,271,959,000 (2020: HK$966,862,000) has been charged in cost of sales,
    HK$128,874,000 (2020: HK$102,177,000) in selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses
    and HK$979,597,000 (2020: HK$561,493,000) has been capitalised in inventories.

    During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounted to HK$21,277,000 (2020: HK$63,907,000) on
    qualifying assets (Note 26). Borrowing costs were capitalised at the weighted average rate of its general borrowings of 1.2%
    (2020: 2.2%) per annum.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


6     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

      6(B) LEASES
           This note provides information for leases where the Group is a lessee.


           (I)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated balance sheet
                 The consolidated balance sheet shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                      2021        2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

                 Right-of-use assets
                 Leasehold lands and land-use rights                                              4,536,142   3,736,876
                 Buildings                                                                          50,522      77,046

                                                                                                  4,586,664   3,813,922



                                                                                                      2021        2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000     HK$’000

                 Lease liabilities
                 Current                                                                            30,867      30,841
                 Non-current                                                                        21,513      52,417

                                                                                                    52,380      83,258




110   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
6   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

    6(B) LEASES (Continued)
        (II)    Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement
                The consolidated income statement shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                               2021                2020
                                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

                Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (a)
                Leasehold land and land use rights                                                          102,958              91,307
                Buildings                                                                                     27,610             13,424

                                                                                                            130,568             104,731
                Unwinding of interest on lease liabilities (Note 26)                                           4,507               2,687


                The total cash outflow for leases in 2021 was HK$36,471,000 (2020:HK$13,624,000).

                Notes:

                (a)      Depreciation charge of HK$147,000 (2020: HK$5,964,000) were capitalised as direct cost of construction in progress
                         during the year ended 31 December 2021 when the buildings thereon were not yet ready for production purposes.
                         For the year ended 31 December 2021, depreciation of the Group’s right-of-use assets amounted to HK$130,421,000
                         (2020: HK$98,767,000) were charged to the consolidated income statement (Note 22).


        (III)   The Group’s leasing activities and how these are accounted for
                Lands in the PRC are state-owned. The Group acquired leasehold lands from mainland China government by
                one-off prepayment with lease terms of 30 to 50 years. The leasehold lands were classified as “right-of-use
                assets”. The Group also leases various offices and warehouses. Rental contracts are typically made for fixed
                periods of 1 year to 3.7 years.

                Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms and conditions.
                The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that
                are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                               2021        2020
                                                                                                           HK$’000      HK$’000

      At 1 January                                                                                        1,734,122    1,671,971
      Currency translation differences                                                                       44,486     109,200
      Additions (Note)                                                                                        8,577           —
      Transferred from property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                                                 7,905           —
      Disposal (Note 30(c))                                                                                        —     (50,280)
      Fair value (losses)/gains (Note 25)                                                                  (133,706)      3,231

      At 31 December                                                                                      1,661,384    1,734,122


      Amounts recognised in profit or loss for investment properties:

                                                                                                               2021        2020
                                                                                                           HK$’000      HK$’000

      Rental income from operating lease (Note 24)                                                           52,769      35,861
      Fair value (losses)/gains recognised in other gains, net (Note 25)                                   (133,706)      3,231


      The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable monthly or to be leased for
      rental income.

      Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties are set out in Note 30.

      As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group had four investment properties located in the PRC and one investment
      property in Hong Kong. The Group obtained independent valuations from Graval Consulting Limited for three investment
      properties located in the PRC and one investment property in Hong Kong.

      Note:

      The Group had construction of basement and renovation on its existing investment property located in Wuhu.




112   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP
    The Group’s investment properties were valued at 31 December 2021 and 2020 by independent professionally qualified
    valuers who hold recognised relevant professional qualification and have recent experience in the locations and segments
    of the investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best use.

    The Group’s finance department reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuers for financial reporting
    purposes. This team reports directly to the chief financial officer and group senior management for discussions in relation
    to the valuation processes and the reasonableness of the valuation results.

    At each financial year end the Group’s finance department:

    •     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

    •     Assess property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report;

    •     Holds discussions with the independent valuer.

    The following table analyses the investment properties carried at their fair values, by valuation method, and an investment
    property carried at cost.

                                                                                                                  2021                 2020
                                                                                                             HK$’000               HK$’000

    Fair value hierarchy (level 3):
      – Commercial building - Xiamen, the PRC                                                               1,332,436            1,416,180
      – Commercial building 3 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                             136,986              130,347
      – Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                           118,668              114,382
      – Office unit - Hong Kong                                                                                 70,160               70,160

                                                                                                            1,658,250            1,731,069

    At cost:
      – Commercial building 2 - Shenzhen, the PRC (Note)                                                         3,134                3,053

                                                                                                            1,661,384            1,734,122


    Note: As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the fair value of this investment property could not be reliably measured as the market for
          comparable properties was inactive due to the Group was in the process of obtaining the property ownership certificate in respect
          of property interest held. In addition, alternative for reliably measurement of fair value of the property was not available. In the
          opinion of directors, the absence of the property ownership certificate to this property interest does not impair the carrying amount
          to the Group as the Group has paid the full purchase consideration of this property interest and the probability of being evicted on
          the ground of an absence of property ownership certificate is remote.

    There were no transfers among levels 1, 2 and 3 during the year.




                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED            113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)
      Fair value measurement using significant unobservable input (level 3)

                                                               Commercial    Commercial
                                                                building -   building 3 -
                                                                  Xiamen,     Shenzhen,     Office unit -   Office unit -
                                                                  the PRC       the PRC Wuhu, the PRC       Hong Kong           Total
                                                                 HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000       HK$’000

      At 1 January 2021                                         1,416,180       130,347         114,382          70,160     1,731,069
      Currency translation differences                             37,483          3,461           3,461              —       44,405
      Additions                                                        —              —            8,577              —         8,577
      Transfer from property, plant and equipment                      —              —            7,905              —         7,905
      Fair value (losses)/gains (Note 25)                        (121,227)         3,178         (15,657)             —      (133,706)

      At 31 December 2021                                       1,332,436       136,986         118,668          70,160     1,658,250

      Total losses for the year included in the consolidated
        income statement for assets held at the end of year      (121,227)         3,178         (15,657)             —      (133,706)

      Change in unrealised losses for the year included in
        the consolidated income statement for assets
        held at the end of year                                  (121,227)         3,178         (15,657)             —      (133,706)




114   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
7   INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)

                                              Commercial     Commercial     Commercial
                                                building -   building 1 -    building 3 -
                                                 Xiamen,      Shenzhen,       Shenzhen,       Office unit -   Office unit -
                                                 the PRC        the PRC         the PRC     Wuhu, the PRC     Hong Kong           Total
                                              HK$’000        HK$’000         HK$’000           HK$’000         HK$’000        HK$’000

    At 1 January 2020                          1,325,376         47,072         119,576          106,928           70,160     1,669,112
    Currency translation differences              90,332          3,208           8,176             7,290               —      109,006
    Disposal for the year                              —        (50,280)              —                 —               —       (50,280)
    Fair value gains (Note 25)                       472              —           2,595               164               —        3,231

    At 31 December 2020                        1,416,180              —         130,347          114,382           70,160     1,731,069

    Total gains for the year included
      in the consolidated income statement
      for assets held at the end of year             472              —           2,595               164               —        3,231

    Change in unrealised gains for the year
      included in the consolidated income
      statement for assets held at the end
      of year                                        472              —           2,595               164               —        3,231




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7     INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      INFORMATION ABOUT FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS USING SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE
      INPUTS (LEVEL 3)
                                                                                                             Range of unobservable       Relationship of
                                         Fair value at   Valuation                        Unobservable       inputs (probability-        unobservable inputs to
      Description                   31 December 2021     technique(s)                     inputs             weighted average)           fair value

      Commercial building –         HK$ 1,332,436,000    Based on current prices in an    Market value       HK$25,685 per square        The higher the market value,
        Xiamen, the PRC                        (2020:      active market for similar        (2020: same)       meter (2020: HK$26,212      the higher the fair value
                                    HK$1,416,180,000)      properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                           location and condition
                                                           and subject to similar lease
                                                           (2020: same)

      Commercial building 3 –        HK$ 136,986,000     Based on current price in an     Market value       HK$45,464 per square        The higher the market value,
        Shenzhen, the PRC                      (2020:      active market for similar        (2020: same)       meter (2020: HK$42,438      the higher the fair value
                                      HK$130,347,000)      properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                           location and condition
                                                           and subject to similar lease
                                                           (2020: same)

      Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC    HK$ 118,668,000     Based on current price in an     Market value       HK$9,609 per square         The higher the market value,
                                               (2020:      active market for similar        (2020: Same)       meter (2020: HK$9,310       the higher the fair value
                                      HK$114,382,000)      properties in the same                              per square meter)
                                                           location and condition
                                                           and subject to similar lease
                                                           (2020: Same)

      Office unit - Hong Kong          HK$70,160,000     Based on current price in an     Recent market      HK$18,500 per square feet   The higher the market value,
                                               (2020:      active market for similar        price (2020:       (2020: HK$18,500 per        the higher the fair value
                                       HK$70,160,000)      properties in the same           same)              square feet)
                                                           location and condition
                                                                                          Level adjustment   3.5% (2020:same)            The higher the level, the
                                                           and subject to similar lease
                                                                                            (2020: same)                                   higher the fair value
                                                           (2020: same)

                                                                                          View adjustment    5% (2020: same)             The better the view, the
                                                                                            (2020: same)                                   higher the fair value


      There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.




116   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
8   INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                           Float glass
                                                               Customer                    production
                                      Goodwill   Trademark relationship         Patent       capacity         Total
                                      HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000        HK$’000       HK$’000

    Year ended 31 December 2020
    Opening net book amount             55,877        7,125        1,892            440            —         65,334
    Currency translation difference         —            —             —             —          5,343         5,343
    Additions                               —            —             —             —        415,489       415,489
    Amortisation charge (Note 22)           —        (1,062)         (289)         (440)           —          (1,791)

    Closing net book amount             55,877        6,063        1,603             —        420,832       484,375

    At 31 December 2020
    Cost                               55,877       20,306         5,404         7,731        420,832       510,150
    Accumulated amortisation
      and impairment                       —        (14,243)      (3,801)        (7,731)           —        (25,775)

    Net book amount                    55,877        6,063         1,603             —        420,832       484,375

    Year ended 31 December 2021
    Opening net book amount             55,877        6,063        1,603             —        420,832       484,375
    Currency translation difference         —            —             —              1        12,730        12,731
    Business combination (Note 33)          —            —             —            365       398,270       398,635
    Amortisation charge (Note 22)          —         (1,166)        (289)           (41)           —         (1,496)

    Closing net book amount             55,877        4,897        1,314            325       831,832       894,245

    At 31 December 2021
    Cost                               55,877       20,306         5,404         8,097        831,832       921,516
    Accumulated amortisation
      and impairment                       —        (15,409)      (4,090)        (7,772)           —        (27,271)

    Net book amount                    55,877        4,897         1,314           325        831,832       894,245




                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


8     INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

      Amortisation charge of HK$1,496,000 (2020: HK$1,791,000) has been included in administrative and other operating
      expenses in the consolidated income statement (Note 22).


      IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR GOODWILL
      Goodwill is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operating segment. For the purposes of
      impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the automobile glass operating segment.

      The recoverable amount of the automobile glass operating segment is determined based on value-in-use calculations.
      These calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-
      year period with estimated compound annual growth rate of 4.0% (2020: 5.0%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period
      are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate of 2% (2020: 3.0%).

      Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in costs
      and sales prices. Future cash flows are discounted at 12.4% (2020: 11.4%) per annum. The discount rate used is pre-tax
      and reflects specific risks relating to this operating segment.

      Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of goodwill to exceed the recoverable amount.


      IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIVE
      Float glass production capacity is allocated to the Group’s cash-generating units identified according to operating
      segment. For the purposes of impairment testing, Float glass production capacity has been allocated to the float glass
      operating segment.

      The recoverable amount of the float glass operating segment is determined based on value-in-use calculations. These
      calculations use pre-tax cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year
      period with estimated compound annual growth rate of 11.5% to 14.6% (2020: 5.0%). Cash flows beyond the five-year
      period are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate of 2% (2020: 3.0%).

      Management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future changes in costs
      and sales prices. Future cash flows are discounted at 12.4% (2020: 11.4%) per annum. The discount rate used is pre-tax
      and reflects specific risks relating to this operating segment.

      Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of Intangible assets with indefinite useful live to exceed the recoverable amount.




118   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
9   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

    Financial assets as per consolidated balance sheet
    Financial assets at FVOCI (Note 11)                                                        25,275            29,006
    Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                                       314,456           223,553
    Loans to an associate (Note 13)                                                            30,577                  657
    Trade and other receivables excluding non-financial assets                              4,740,308         3,979,125
    Pledged bank deposits (Note 16)                                                            59,360            59,518
    Fixed bank deposits (Note 16)                                                           1,015,381                   —
    Cash and cash equivalents (Note 16)                                                     9,220,384         5,244,554

    Total                                                                                 15,405,741          9,536,413


                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

    Financial liabilities as per consolidated balance sheet
    Liabilities at amortised cost
    Bank and other borrowings (Note 20)                                                   15,492,733        11,574,008
    Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities                            2,972,244         2,935,700
    Lease liabilities (Note 6(B))                                                              52,380            83,258

    Total                                                                                 18,517,357        14,592,966




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2021:

                                                                                                                     Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                     of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                         shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of                                                                           directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         Principal activities    Particulars of                      held by       held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of            issued/registered      Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation               share capital            held            (%)           (%)           (%)

      Kangchen Plastic (Shenzhen)    The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      plastic products        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB3,280,000

      Shenzhen Benson Automobile     The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB140,403,049

      Dongguan Benson Automobile The PRC, limited           Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
        (Formerly known as                                    in the PRC              US$22,000,000
        “Xinyi Automobile Glass
        Company (Dongguan)
        Limited”)

      Xinyi Automobile Glass         The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        (Shenzhen) Company Limited     liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB353,807,000

      Xinyi Automobile Parts (Wuhu) The PRC, limited        Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              US$29,800,000

      Xinyi Glass (Tianjin)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and          100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                              architectural glass     US$126,000,000
                                                              in the PRC




120   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2021: (Continued)

                                                                                                                       Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                       of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                           shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                    Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                    incorporation/         Principal activities    Particulars of                         held by       held by    controlling
                                    establishment and      and place of            issued/registered         Interest the Company    the Group        interest
    Name                            kind of legal entity   operation               share capital               held            (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Ultra-thin Glass          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      (Dongguan) Company              liability company      float glass             paid up capital of
      Limited                                                in the PRC              US$80,000,000

    Xinyi Glass Japan               Japan, limited liability Trading of automobile Authorised and paid up      55%             —           55%           45%
      Company Limited                 company                glass in Japan          capital of 400
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     JP¥50,000 each

    Xinyi Auto Glass                Canada, limited        Trading of automobile Authorised and paid           70%             —           70%           30%
      (North America) Corporation     liability company      glass in Canada         up capital of 100,000
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     CAD0.1 each

    Xinyi Group (Glass)             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      1,000 ordinary shares      100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company      and trading
                                                             in Hong Kong

    Xinyi International             Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding      10,000 ordinary shares     100%             —          100%             —
      Investments Limited             liability company      and trading
                                                             in Hong Kong

    Xinyi Automobile Glass (BVI)    The British Virgin     Investment holding      Authorised and paid        100%          100%          100%             —
      Company Limited                 Islands, limited       in Hong Kong            up capital of 55,000
                                      liability company                              ordinary shares of
                                                                                     US$1 each

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu)       The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                 liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                             architectural glass     US$58,500,000
                                                             in the PRC




                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2021: (Continued)

                                                                                                                              Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                              of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                                  shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                       Place of                                                                                  directly       shares       by non-
                                       incorporation/         Principal activities      Particulars of                           held by       held by    controlling
                                       establishment and      and place of              issued/registered           Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                             kind of legal entity   operation                 share capital                 held            (%)           (%)           (%)

      Xinyi Special Glass (Jiangmen)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered and               100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      float glass               paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC                US$180,800,000

      Xinyi Glass (Jiangmen)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered and               100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      float glass               paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC                RMB2,000,000

      Xinyi Glass Engineering          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered and               100%             —          100%             —
        (Dongguan) Company               liability company      architectural glass       paid up capital of
        Limited                                                 in the PRC                US$60,000,000

      Xinyi Glass (Yingkou)            The PRC, limited       Manufacturing            Registered capital of         100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      of float glass,          US$99,000,000 and
                                                                automobile glass         total paid up capital of
                                                                and architectural        US$98,999,652
                                                                glass in the PRC

      Xinyi Automobile Parts           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered capital of        100%             —          100%             —
        (Tianjin) Company Limited        liability company      automobile glass          US$57,150,000 and
                                                                in the PRC                total paid up capital
                                                                                          of US$13,429,995

      Xinyi Glass (Xiamen) Co. Ltd     The PRC, limited       Conducting research       Registered and               100%          100%          100%             —
                                         liability company      and trading of glass      paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC                HK$120,000,000

      Xinyi Electronic Glass           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of          Registered and               100%             —          100%             —
        (Wuhu) Company Limited           liability company      electronic glass          paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC                US$60,630,000




122   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2021: (Continued)

                                                                                                                       Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                       of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                           shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                   Place of                                                                               directly       shares       by non-
                                   incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                         held by       held by    controlling
                                   establishment and      and place of             issued/registered         Interest the Company    the Group        interest
    Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital               held            (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Sichuan)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing            Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      of float glass,          paid up capital of
                                                            automobile glass         US$99,000,000
                                                            and architectural
                                                            glass in the PRC

    Xinyi Energy Smart             Malaysia, limited      Manufacturing of         Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      (Malaysia) SDN.BHD             liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                            in Malaysia              RM$20,000,000

    Xinhe Logistics (Wuhu)         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and             100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                                                     RMB1,250,000

    Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai)     The PRC, limited       Operate wind farm        Registered and              82%             —           82%           18%
      Company Limited                liability company      for electricity          paid up capital of
                                                            generation               RMB10,000,000

    Wuhu Jinshanshi Numerical      The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and            85.66%            —        85.66%        14.34%
      Control Technology Co. Ltd     liability company      automatic                paid up capital of
                                                            machines for solar       RMB30,000,000
                                                            glass factory and
                                                            other glass related
                                                            industry

    Xinyi Glass (Bozhou)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing and        Registered capital of      100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      sales of glass           RMB 10,000,000 and
                                                            product                  total paid up capital
                                                                                     of RMB5,721,000

    Xinyi Glass (GuangXi)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and paid up     100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      float glass              capital of RMB
                                                            in the PRC               650,000,000



                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

      The following is a list of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2021: (Continued)

                                                                                                                        Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                        of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                            shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of                                                                              directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         Principal activities     Particulars of                        held by       held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of             issued/registered        Interest the Company    the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital              held            (%)           (%)           (%)

      Guangxi Xinyi Supply Chain     The PRC, limited       Provision of supply      Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
        Management                     liability company      chain services           paid up capital of
        Company Limited                                       in the PRC               RMB3,000,000

      Beihai Xinhe Logistics         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                                                       RMB1,500,000

      Xinyi (Jiangsu)                The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and            100%             —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass              paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC               US$100,000,000

      Ultimate Luck Global Limited   The British Virgin     Investment holding       Authorised and paid        60%             —           60%           40%
                                       Islands, limited       in Hong Kong             up capital of 50,000
                                       liability company                               ordinary shares of
                                                                                       US$1each

      Cheer Wise Investment          Hong Kong, limited     Property and car         1 ordinary share           60%             —           60%           40%
        Limited                        liability company      parks holding
                                                              in Hong Kong




124   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
11 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

   (A) EQUITY INVESTMENT AT FVOCI
                                                                                                      2021                2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000             HK$’000

       At 1 January                                                                                 29,006             51,752
       Fair value losses recognised in other comprehensive income (Note 18)                          (3,731)           (22,746)

       At 31 December                                                                               25,275             29,006
       Less: Non-current portion                                                                   (25,275)            (29,006)

       Current portion                                                                                   —                   —



      Classification of financial assets at FVOCI
       Financial assets at FVOCI represents equity security listed in Hong Kong - ZMFY Automobile Glass Services Limited
       (“ZMFY”) which is not held for trading, and which the Group has irrevocably elected at initial recognition to
       recognise in this category. These are strategic investments and the Group considers this classification to be more
       relevant.

       The Group’s shareholding in ZMFY as at 31 December 2021 is approximately 15.17% (2020: approximately
       15.17%).


   (B) FAIR VALUE
       The fair value hierarchy of listed equity securities are categorised under level 1. The fair value of listed securities is
       based on the current bid price. These listed equity securities are denominated in HK$.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS

      (A) CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
           The Group classifies the following financial assets at FVTPL:

           •     equity investments that are held for trading,

           •     equity investments for which the Group has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through other
                 comprehensive income, and

           •     financial products that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or FVOCI.

           As at 31 December, financial assets measured at FVTPL include the following:

                                                                                                      2021              2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

           Current assets
           Hong Kong listed equity securities                                                            —           223,553
           PRC listed equity securities                                                            274,143                 —
           PRC short-term financial product                                                         40,313                 —

                                                                                                   314,456           223,553


           As at 31 December 2021, financial assets at FVTPL represent equity securities listed in the PRC (Zotye Automibile
           Co. Ltd, Tangshan Sanyou Chemical Industries Co. Ltd, Inner Mongolia Yuan Xing Energy Co. Ltd and Sichuan
           Hebang Biotechnology Co., Ltd) and a short-term financial product (“Financial Product”) issued by a bank in the PRC
           (2020: equity securities listed in Hong Kong – Kingboard Holdings Limited, Agile Group Holdings Limited and HSBC
           Holdings plc) which are held for trading, and which the Group has not elected at initial recognition to recognise in
           FVOCI. The Financial Product was not principal guaranteed nor with pre-determined or guaranteed return. As at 31
           December 2021, the Group had HK$40,313,000 (2020: nil) Financial Product not been redeemed or matured.




126   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
12 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Continued)

   (B) AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT OR LOSS
         During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognised in consolidated income statement:

                                                                                                      2021              2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

         Unrealised fair value losses of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                       (22,412)          (24,697)
         Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 25)                                   199,431             1,984
         Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note 24)                                149,727           102,463



   (C) RISK EXPOSURE AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
         Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 3.1(c). For information about the methods
         and assumptions used in determining fair value please refer to Note 3.3.


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                      2021              2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

   Investments in associates
   At 1 January                                                                                  8,230,998         5,554,275
   Currency translation differences                                                                    634             1,485
   Addition to interests in an associate (Note (a))                                                703,855           374,323
   Dilution of interests in associates (Note (b))                                                        —         1,169,868
   Impairment loss (Note (c))                                                                      (67,353)                  —
   Share of profits of associates                                                                1,185,743         1,124,341
   Share of other comprehensive income                                                             188,060           408,834
   Dividends received                                                                             (759,405)         (402,128)

   At 31 December                                                                                9,482,532         8,230,998


                                                                                                      2021              2020
                                                                                                  HK$’000           HK$’000

   Loans to an associate
     – Current portion                                                                                   —                  657
     – Non-current portion                                                                          30,577                   —

                                                                                                    30,577                  657




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      On 10 June 2021, Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”), an associate, recommended the declaration and payment of 2020
               final dividend of 17 HK cents per share of the company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders
               elected to receive the scrip shares of 26,869,087 shares at the market price of HK$12.74 per share, totaled HK$342,312,000.

               During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group purchased 26,460,000 Xinyi Solar’s shares at cost of HK$351,725,000 from
               the Hong Kong stock market.

               During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Group purchased 2,402,000 Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”)’s shares
               at cost of HK$9,818,000 from the Hong Kong stock market.

               On 25 May 2020, Xinyi Solar recommended the declaration and payment of 2019 final dividend of 8.5 HK cents per share of the
               Company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of 29,658,185
               shares at the market price of HK$5.34 per share, totaled HK$158,375,000.

               On 23 September 2020, Xinyi Solar recommended the declaration and payment of 2020 interim dividend of 8.5 HK cents per
               share of the company to the shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of
               19,959,900 shares at the market price of HK$8.49 per share, totaled HK$169,460,000.

               During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group also subscribed 20,944,000 new shares in Xinyi Energy, and the new
               addition of investment in Xinyi Energy amount to HK$46,488,000.

      (b)      In September 2020, Xinyi Solar allotted and issued 282,000,000 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group.
               The Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar was diluted and resulting in an increase in the investment of approximately HK$475,148,000,
               comprising a dilution gain of approximately HK$463,673,000 and the reclassification of currency translation gains of approximately
               HK$11,475,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement. (Note 25)

               In September 2020, Xinyi Energy allotted and issued 357,520,000 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group.
               The Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy was diluted and resulting in an increase in the investment of approximately HK$11,966,000,
               comprising a dilution gain of approximately HK$11,784,000 and the reclassification of currency translation gains of approximately
               HK$182,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement. (Note 25)

               In December 2020, Xinyi Solar allotted and issued 300,000,000 shares by way of placing to investors other than the Group. The
               Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar was diluted and resulting in an increase in the investment of approximately HK$696,805,000,
               comprising a dilution gain of approximately HK$694,411,000 and the reclassification of currency translation gains of approximately
               HK$2,394,000 from reserves to consolidated income statement. (Note 25)

      (c)      The impairment loss relates to investment in Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited (“Beihai Yiyang”). As Beihai Yiyang had started
               loss making during the the year ended 31 December 2021 and the business licence of Beihai Yiyang will be expired approximately
               3 years after 31 December 2021, The management has performed an impairment assessment based on estimated cash flow from
               Beihai Yiyang. As a result, impairment loss of HK$67,353,000 had been provided, interests in Beihai Yiyang was written down to
               its recoverable amount of HK$12,011,000 which was equivalent to the initial investment cost.




128   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   The following is a list of the principal associates as at 31 December 2021:

                                                                                  Principal activities and
   Name                              Particulars of registered share capital      place of operation                       Interest held

   Xinyi Solar (Note (i))            Authorised capital of                        Production and sales of solar glass           23.25%
                                       HK$8,000,000,000 and total                   products in the PRC, and development
                                       paid up capital of HK$889,076,000            and operation of solar farms and
                                       (2020: HK$8,000,000,000 and total            provision of engineering procurement
                                       paid up of HK$880,925,000)                   and construction services

   Xinyi Energy (Note (ii))          Authorised capital of HK$8,000,000,000       Management and operations of                   6.06%
                                       and total paid up capital                    solar farms in the PRC
                                       of HK$71,100,000 (2020:
                                       HK$8,000,000,000 and total paid of
                                       HK$71,100,000)

   Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company     Registered and paid up capital of            Exploration, mining and trading of               45%
     Limited                           RMB25,454,500 (2020: same)                   silica in the PRC

   Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz   Registered and paid up capital of            Exploration, mining and trading of               20%
     Sand Company Limited              RMB10,500,000 (2020: same)                   silica in the PRC

   Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke     Registered and paid up capital of            Provision of natural gas                         25%
     Natural Gas Investment            RMB10,000,000 (2020: same)                   in the PRC
     Company Limited

   Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company      Registered and paid up capital of            Provision of mining in the PRC                   49%
     Limited (Note (iii))              RMB50,000,000 (2020: n/a)




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (i)      As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
               HK$27,324,826,000 (2020: HK$40,775,436,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was HK$8,482,124,000 (2020:
               HK$7,213,054,000).

      (ii)     As at 31 December 2021, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
               HK$1,839,295,000 (2020: HK$2,253,101,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was HK$956,689,000 (2020:
               HK$913,871,000).

               During the year ended 31 December 2021 and 2020, Xinyi Energy remains a subsidiary of Xinyi Solar.

      (iii)    In January to February 2021, the Group entered into an investment agreement and subscribed 49% ordinary shares of Wuxuan
               Xinbao Mining Company Limited (“Wuxuan Xinbao”) at consideration of RMB 25,000,000. According to the investment
               agreement, the Group will transfer the 49% interests to the other investor of Wuxuan Xinbao at RMB25,000,000 at the end of a
               20-year operating period and the consideration shall be settled by Wuxuan Xinbao. Wuxuan Xinbao will pay the Group an annual
               sum of RMB 2,000,000 and the Group does not entitle to profit or loss of Wuxuan Xinbao during the 20-year operating period.
               The amount paid to Wuxuan Xinbao is classified as loan to an associate under amortized cost.

      There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s interests in the associates.


      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES

      (a)      Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
               method:


              Summarised balance sheet
                                                                                                                    2021           2020
                                                                                                                HK$’000         HK$’000

               Current
               Cash and cash equivalents                                                                       7,458,267      9,291,194
               Other current assets (excluding cash)                                                          13,366,313    10,586,847

               Total current assets                                                                           20,824,580    19,878,041
               Current liabilities                                                                            (7,446,013)    (7,725,245)
               Non-current
               Assets                                                                                         28,245,773    23,545,348
               Liabilities                                                                                    (5,726,919)    (3,673,626)

               Net assets                                                                                     35,897,421    32,024,518




130   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
         method: (Continued)


         Summarised statement of comprehensive income

                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Revenue                                                                        16,064,655        12,315,829
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                   (1,174,418)         (903,780)
         Interest income                                                                    156,645            60,532
         Interest expense                                                                  (140,766)         (190,954)

         Profit before income tax                                                         6,568,321         5,758,394
         Income tax expense                                                                (987,210)         (735,268)

         Post-tax profit from operations                                                  5,581,111         5,023,126
         Other comprehensive profit                                                         910,279         1,905,232

         Total comprehensive income                                                       6,491,390         6,928,358

         Dividend received from Xinyi Solar                                                 689,192           336,398




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar which is accounted for using the equity
            method: (Continued)

            Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Solar presented to the carrying amount of interest in an
            associate:

                                                                                                      2021               2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000           HK$’000

            Opening net assets                                                                  32,024,518        18,573,129
            Total comprehensive income for the year                                              6,491,390          6,928,358
            Transactions with owners                                                             (2,618,487)        6,523,031

            Closing net assets                                                                  35,897,421        32,024,518
            Less: non-controlling interests                                                      (5,585,338)       (5,502,712)

            Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Solar                            30,312,083        26,521,806

            The Group’s ownership interest                                                          23.25%            22.86%
                                                                                                 7,047,560          6,062,302
            Goodwill                                                                             1,409,619          1,125,807
            Intangible assets and other assets and liabilities                                       24,945            24,945

            Carrying amount                                                                      8,482,124          7,213,054




132   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

   SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
         method:


         Summarised balance sheet

                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Current
         Cash and cash equivalents                                                        1,104,858         1,312,419
         Other current assets (excluding cash)                                            5,061,213         3,911,830

         Total current assets                                                             6,166,071         5,224,249
         Current liabilities                                                             (4,704,387)       (3,780,908)
         Non-current
         Assets                                                                          15,035,879       12,036,714
         Liabilities                                                                     (3,937,111)       (1,433,242)

         Net assets                                                                      12,560,452       12,046,813



         Summarised statement of comprehensive income

                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                           HK$’000           HK$’000

         Revenue                                                                          2,296,648         1,722,051
         Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (558,835)         (408,051)
         Interest income                                                                     18,875            41,086
         Interest expense                                                                  (188,171)         (163,844)

         Profit before income tax                                                         1,463,276         1,084,464
         Income tax expense                                                                (226,035)         (165,676)

         Post-tax profit from operations                                                  1,237,241           918,788
         Other comprehensive income                                                         446,793           978,672

         Total comprehensive income                                                       1,684,034         1,897,460

         Dividend received from Xinyi Energy                                                 68,107            62,110




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13 INTERESTS IN AND BALANCES WITH ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy which is accounted for using the equity
            method: (Continued)

            Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Energy presented to the carrying amount of interest in
            an associate:

                                                                                                       2021               2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

            Opening net assets                                                                   12,046,813        10,230,913
            Total comprehensive income for the year                                               1,684,034          1,897,460
            Transactions with owners                                                             (1,130,490)           (81,560)

            Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Energy                            12,600,357        12,046,813

            The Group’s ownership interest                                                            6.06%             6.02%
                                                                                                    763,582            725,218
            Goodwill                                                                                193,107            188,653

            Carrying amount                                                                         956,689            913,871


            The information above reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the associates adjusted for
            differences in accounting policies between the Group and the associates, if any.

      INDIVIDUALLY IMMATERIAL ASSOCIATES
      In addition to the interests in the material associates disclosed above, the Group also has interests in three individually
      immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                       2021               2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000            HK$’000

      Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates                                43,718            104,073
      Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
      Profit from continuing operations                                                                8,471             2,767

      Total comprehensive income                                                                       8,471             2,767




134   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
14 INVENTORIES

                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

   Raw materials                                                                            1,579,157         1,258,955
   Work in progress                                                                           349,918           228,823
   Finished goods                                                                           2,240,088         1,008,476

                                                                                            4,169,163         2,496,254


   The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to approximately
   HK$10,604,436,000 (2020: HK$7,746,153,000) (Note 22).


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                 2021              2020
                                                                                             HK$’000           HK$’000

   Trade receivables (Note (a))                                                             1,868,613         1,448,055
   Less: provision for loss allowance (Note (b))                                              (62,523)          (37,444)

                                                                                            1,806,090         1,410,611
   Bills receivables (Note (c))                                                             2,231,792         1,821,724

   Trade and bills receivables - net                                                        4,037,882         3,232,335
   Prepayments, deposits and other receivables (Note (f))                                   2,106,027         2,338,028

                                                                                            6,143,909         5,570,363
   Less: non-current portion
   Prepayments for property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                     (475,329)         (654,196)

   Current portion                                                                          5,668,580         4,916,167




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      The credit period granted by the Group to its customers is generally from 30 to 90 days. At 31 December 2021 and 2020, the
               ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                               2021               2020
                                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

               0 - 90 days                                                                                1,484,202          1,127,390
               91 - 180 days                                                                                219,696            157,229
               181 - 365 days                                                                                66,943             69,325
               1 - 2 years                                                                                   52,902             71,836
               Over 2 years                                                                                  44,870             22,275

                                                                                                          1,868,613          1,448,055


               The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on due date was as follows:

                                                                                                               2021               2020
                                                                                                           HK$’000             HK$’000

               Current                                                                                    1,672,097          1,186,871
               0 - 90 days                                                                                  128,475            111,804
               91 - 180 days                                                                                 48,623             63,411
               181 - 365 days                                                                                 6,113             41,378
               1 - 2 years                                                                                    7,441             27,181
               Over 2 years                                                                                   5,864             17,410

                                                                                                          1,868,613          1,448,055




136   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   (a)   (Continued)

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                        2021        2020
                                                                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000

         RMB                                                                                                      735,615        842,062
         USD                                                                                                    1,032,798        531,110
         HK$                                                                                                            3,275      3,916
         Other currencies                                                                                          96,925         70,967

                                                                                                                1,868,613       1,448,055


   (b)   Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of trade receivables was as follows:

                                                                                                                        2021        2020
                                                                                                                 HK$’000         HK$’000

         At 1 January                                                                                              37,444         41,481
         Currency translation differences                                                                                270       2,123
         Increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net (Note 22)                              26,252         15,880
         Receivables written off during the year                                                                    (1,443)       (22,040)

         At 31 December                                                                                            62,523         37,444


         The amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written off when there is no expectation of recovering additional
         cash.

         The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure provision for loss allowance which uses a lifetime expected loss
         allowance for all trade receivables. Details on the calculation of loss allowance is set out in Note 3.1(b).

         The top five customers and the largest customer accounted for approximately 14.5% (2020: 9.6%) and 8.6% (2020: 3.2%)
         of the trade and bill receivables balance as at 31 December 2021, respectively. Other than these major customers, there is no
         concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables as the Group has a large number of customers.

         The other classes within trade and other receivables do not contain impaired assets.

   (c)   All bills receivables are issued by licensed banks in the PRC with maturities within 12 months (2020: 12 months).

   (d)   The carrying amounts of trade and other receivables approximate their fair values.

   (e)   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivable mentioned above. The
         Group does not hold any collateral as security.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES (Continued)
      (f)      Nature of other receivables is as below:

                                                                                                                       2021                 2020
                                                                                                                   HK$’000              HK$’000

               Prepayment for property, plant and equipment and land use right                                      475,329              654,196
               Prepayment for inventory                                                                             595,657              463,887
               Prepaid expenses                                                                                     181,200              100,911
               Deposits                                                                                               2,681                3,331
               Tax recoverable (Note)                                                                               151,415              372,243
               Others                                                                                               699,745              743,460

                                                                                                                  2,106,027            2,338,028


               Note:

               Tax recoverable mainly represented value added tax (“VAT”) recoverable, which is creditable input VAT on purchase of property,
               plant and equipment offset against output VAT on sales of glass product. The balance is denominated in RMB.


16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                      2021                 2020
                                                                                                                  HK$’000              HK$’000

      Total cash at bank and on hand                                                                            9,220,384            1,908,441
      Bank deposits with maturity less than three months
            – Structured bank deposits (Note (a))                                                                         —          3,336,113

      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 9,220,384            5,244,554
      Fixed bank deposits
            – Long-term (Note (b))                                                                              1,015,381                      —


      Pledged bank deposits (Note (c))                                                                              59,360               59,518

      Total cash and bank balances                                                                             10,295,125            5,304,072


      Notes:

      (a)      In 2020, the Group placed structured bank deposits with major licensed bank in the PRC, with fixed maturities; fixed interest rates
               and with their principal guaranteed. The bank deposits matured within 3 months and was qualified as cash and cash equivalents.
               The effective interest rate on short-term bank deposits was 2.64% per annum. These short-term bank deposits have an average
               maturity of 11 days.

      (b)      The Group placed fixed bank deposits with major licensed banks in the PRC, with fixed maturities and fixed interest rates. The
               effective interest rate on these long-term bank deposits was 3.7% per annum. These bank deposits have an average maturity of 3
               years. (2020: Nil)

      (c)      Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged as collateral principally as security for import duties payable to the US Customs.


138   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
16 CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances and bank deposits are denominated in the following
   currencies:

                                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

   RMB                                                                                        9,194,657            4,370,690
   USD                                                                                          451,821             689,960
   HK$                                                                                          420,830              91,556
   Malaysia ringgit (“MYR”)                                                                      29,609              22,483
   Other currencies                                                                             198,208             129,383

                                                                                            10,295,125             5,304,072


   RMB and MYR are currently not freely convertible currencies in international market. The conversion of RMB and MYR into
   foreign currencies and remittance of RMB out of the PRC and MYR out of Malaysia, respectively, are subject to the rules
   and regulations of the foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government and Malaysian government.

   Cash and cash equivalents include the following for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows:

                                                                                                   2021                2020
                                                                                               HK$’000              HK$’000

   Total cash and bank balances                                                             10,295,125             5,304,072
   Less:
     – Pledged bank deposits                                                                    (59,360)             (59,518)
     – Long-term fixed bank deposits                                                         (1,015,381)                  —

                                                                                              9,220,384            5,244,554




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM

                                                                               Ordinary
                                                             Number of        shares of      Share
                                               Note              shares    HK$0.1 each    premium        Total
                                                                              HK$’000     HK$’000     HK$’000

      At 1 January 2020                                   4,019,216,147        401,922     388,161     790,083

      Issue of shares under an employees
        share option scheme                     (A)         26,490,500           2,649     212,078     214,727
      Repurchases and cancellation of shares    (B)          (6,212,000)          (621)    (64,679)    (65,300)

      At 31 December 2020                                 4,039,494,647        403,950     535,560     939,510


                                                                              Ordinary
                                                            Number of         shares of     Share
                                               Note              shares    HK$0.1 each    premium        Total
                                                                             HK$’000      HK$’000     HK$’000

      At 1 January 2021                                   4,039,494,647        403,950     535,560     939,510

      Issue of shares under an employees
        share option scheme                     (A)         18,195,400           1,819     240,383     242,202
      Repurchases and cancellation of shares    (B)         (39,033,000)        (3,903)   (775,943)   (779,846)

      At 31 December 2021                                 4,018,657,047        401,866          —      401,866




140   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SHARE OPTIONS
       In 2005, the Company adopted a share option scheme (“Share Option Scheme”). Under the Share Option Scheme,
       the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant options to any employee of the Group to subscribe
       for shares of the Company at the highest of (i) the closing price of shares of the Company as stated in the daily
       quotation sheet of the Stock Exchange on the day of the offer of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of
       the Company as stated in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding
       the day of the offer of the grant; and (iii) the nominal value of shares. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable
       on acceptance of the grant of an option. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all
       outstanding options granted and yet to be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option
       scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 30% of the relevant shares or securities of the Company in
       issue from time to time.

       The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
       Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue
       upon completion of the placing and the capitalisation issue of the shares of the Company, unless the Company
       obtains further approval from the shareholders.

       In March 2016, 28,500,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
       Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$4.81 per share. Options are conditional
       on the employee completing three years and one month’s service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable
       starting three years and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2020, in relation
       to the batch granted in March 2016, 4,053,000 options were exercised, 10,000 option was lapsed and 144,000
       options were expired. There was no movement during the year of 2021.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           In March 2017, 29,264,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$7.28 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2021, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2017, 1,936,000 (2020: 22,438,000) options were exercised, 12,000 (2020: 1,238,000) options were lapsed
           and 12,000 (2020: nil) options were expired.

           In March 2018, 29,600,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$11.74 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2021, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2018, 16,259,000 (2020: nil) options were exercised and 1,620,000 (2020: 323,000) options were lapsed.

           In March 2019, 33,900,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$9.53 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2021, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2019, a total of 784,000 (2020: 465,000) options were lapsed.

           In March 2020, 32,000,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$8.82 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2021, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2020, a total of 896,000 (2020: 409,000) options were lapsed.

           In March 2021, 34,700,000 share options were granted to the Company’s employees and connected persons of the
           Company and its subsidiaries at the then quoted market share price of HK$23.35 per share. Options are conditional
           on the employee completing three years’ service (the vesting period). The options are exercisable starting three years
           and one month from the grant date. During the year ended 31 December 2021, in relation to the batch granted in
           March 2021, a total of 2,925,000 options were lapsed.




142   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
       Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as
       follows:

                                                                 2021                                  2020
                                                         Average                                Average
                                                          exercise                              exercise
                                                     price in HK$             Options       price in HK$          Options
                                                        per share         (thousands)          per share       (thousands)

       At 1 January                                           9.89             93,933              9.36            91,012
       Granted                                               23.35             34,700              8.82            32,000
       Exercised                                             11.27            (18,195)             6.90           (26,490)
       Lapsed                                                16.48             (6,237)             8.54            (2,445)
       Expired                                                7.28                 (12)            4.81               (144)

       At 31 December                                        13.74            104,189              9.89            93,933


       Out of the 104,189,000 (2020: 93,933,000) outstanding options, 9,534,000 (2020: 1,960,000) option was
       exercisable as at 31 December 2021. Options exercised in 2021 resulted in 18,195,000 shares (2020: 26,490,000
       shares) being issued at a weighted average price at the time of exercise of HK$11.27 each (2020: HK$6.90 each).
       The Weighted average market price at the time of exercise is HK$27.58 each (2020: HK$11.45 each)

       Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                              Exercise
                                                                         price in HK$
                                                                            per share          Options (thousands)

                                                                                                   2021              2020

       Expiry date
       31 March 2021                                                              7.28                —              1,960
       31 March 2022                                                            11.74             9,534            27,413
       31 March 2023                                                              9.53           32,185            32,969
       31 March 2024                                                              8.82           30,695            31,591
       31 March 2025                                                            23.35            31,775                  —

                                                                                                104,189            93,933




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17 SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

      (A) SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year determined using the Black-Scholes valuation
           model, which was performed by an independent valuer, Greater China Appraisal Limited, was approximately
           HK$4.78 (2020: HK$1.06) per option. The significant inputs into the model were weighted average share price of
           HK$23.35 (2020: HK$8.29) at the grant date, the exercise price shown above, volatility of 36.28 % (2020: 33.83%),
           dividend yield of 3.38 % (2020: 6.63%), an expected option life of 3.5 years (2020: 3.5 years), and an annual
           risk-free interest rate of 0.3 % (2020: 0.80%) per annum. The volatility measured at the standard deviation of
           continuously compounded share returns is based on statistical analysis of daily share prices over the last year.

           Based on the above, the fair value of the above options granted during the year determined using the Black-
           Scholes valuation model was approximately HK$165,812,000 (2020: HK$33,946,000). The attributable amounts
           charged to the consolidated income statement for the year ended 31 December 2021 was HK$64,745,000 (2020:
           HK$44,514,000) (Note 23).


      (B) REPURCHASE OF SHARE
           During the year ended 31 December 2021, 39,033,000 shares (2020: 6,212,000 shares) repurchased by the
           Company were cancelled in 2021. Accordingly, the issued share capital of the Company was reduced by the
           nominal value of these shares and the premiums paid on these shares upon the repurchase were charged against
           share premium account. An amount equivalent to the par value of the shares cancelled was transferred from the
           Company’s retained earnings to the capital redemption reserve.

                                                            Number of              Highest            Lowest         Aggregate
                                                              Shares of          price per          price per     consideration
                                                          HK$0.10 each         Share HK$          Share HK$       paid HK$’000

           Month of repurchase
           August 2021                                      19,396,000               30.50              27.60           562,186
           September 2021                                   11,172,000               28.80              23.05           291,820
           December 2021                                     8,465,000               19.46              17.90           158,972

                                                            39,033,000                                                1,012,978

           January 2020                                      6,212,000               10.60              10.40             65,300




144   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
18 RESERVES
                                                                                                                Other reserves
                                                                             Foreign
                                              Statutory      Enterprise      currency                  Share       Property       Capital
                                                reserve      expansion translation       Capital      option revaluation redemption           FVOCI                     Retained
                                                  fund            fund        reserve    reserve      reserve       reserve       reserve    reserve      Sub-total     earnings        Total
                                               HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000    HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                (Note (a))     (Note (a))               (Note (b))                                           (Note (c))

   At 1 January 2021                          2,338,112         46,867       741,559    405,241       79,223         37,227       22,111      (8,890)     3,661,450 23,280,614 26,942,064
   Profit for the year                                —              —            —           —           —              —            —           —              — 11,555,887 11,555,887
   Change in fair value of financial assets
     at FVOCI (Note 11)                               —              —            —           —           —              —            —       (3,731)        (3,731)          —        (3,731)
   Currency translation differences                   —              —       900,873          —           —              —            —           —        900,873            —       900,873
   Share of other comprehensive income of
     investments accounted for using
     the equity method (Note 13)                      —              —       188,060          —           —              —            —           —        188,060            —       188,060
   Employees share option scheme:
     – proceeds from shares issued                    —              —            —           —      (37,434)            —            —           —        (37,434)           —       (37,434)
     – value of employee services
        (Note 17(A))                                  —              —            —           —       64,745             —            —           —         64,745            —        64,745
     – adjustment relating to forfeiture of
         share options                                —              —            —           —          (15)            —            —           —             (15)          15           —
   Repurchase and cancellation of shares
     (Note 17(B))                                     —              —            —           —           —              —         3,903          —          3,903      (237,035)    (233,132)
   Transfer to reserves                        939,891               —            —           —           —              —            —           —        939,891      (939,891)          —
   Dividends relating to 2020                         —              —            —           —           —              —            —           —              —     (2,512,470) (2,512,470)
   Dividends relating to 2021                         —              —            —           —           —              —            —           —              —     (2,668,081) (2,668,081)

   At 31 December 2021                        3,278,003         46,867      1,830,492   405,241      106,519         37,227       26,014    (12,621)      5,717,742 28,479,039 34,196,781




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                               145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18 RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                       Other reserves
                                                                                    Foreign
                                                     Statutory     Enterprise      currency                   Share       Property         Capital
                                                       reserve     expansion     translation    Capital      option     revaluation     redemption     FVOCI                    Retained
                                                         fund           fund        reserve     reserve      reserve        reserve        reserve    reserve      Sub-total     earnings        Total
                                                     HK$’000        HK$’000        HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000         HK$’000    HK$’000       HK$’000      HK$’000      HK$’000
                                                      (Note (a))    (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                            (Note (c))

      At 1 January 2020                             1,900,633        46,867      (1,624,684)   405,241       66,993        37,227          21,490     13,856       867,623 19,188,635 20,056,258
      Profit for the year                                   —             —              —           —           —              —              —          —              —     6,422,213    6,422,213
      Change in fair value of financial assets
        at FVOCI (Note 11)                                  —             —              —           —           —              —              —     (22,746)       (22,746)          —       (22,746)
      Currency translation differences                      —             —      1,943,359           —           —              —              —          —       1,943,359           —     1,943,359
      Dilution of interest in an associate                  —             —         14,050           —           —              —              —          —         14,050            —        14,050
      Share of other comprehensive income of
        investments accounted for using the
        equity method (Note 13)                             —             —        408,834           —           —              —              —          —        408,834            —       408,834
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                       —             —              —           —      (32,153)            —              —          —         (32,153)          —       (32,153)
        – value of employee services (Note 17(A))           —             —              —           —       44,514             —              —          —         44,514            —        44,514
        – adjustment relating to forfeiture of
            share options                                   —             —              —           —         (131)            —              —          —            (131)         131           —
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares
        (Note 17(B))                                        —             —              —           —           —              —             621         —             621         (621)          —
      Transfer to reserves                           437,479              —              —           —           —              —              —          —        437,479      (437,479)          —
      Dividends relating to 2019                            —             —              —           —           —              —              —          —              —     (1,206,344) (1,206,344)
      Dividends relating to 2020                            —             —              —           —           —              —              —          —              —      (685,921)    (685,921)

      At 31 December 2020                           2,338,112        46,867        741,559     405,241       79,223        37,227          22,111     (8,890)     3,661,450 23,280,614 26,942,064




146   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
18 RESERVES (Continued)
    Notes:

    (a)      The statutory reserve fund and enterprise expansion fund are provided for in accordance with laws in the PRC and regulations by
             certain subsidiaries which are the wholly owned foreign enterprises incorporated in the PRC. These funds are appropriated from net
             profit as recorded in the PRC statutory accounts of the respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserve fund can only be used, upon
             approval by the relevant authority, to make good of previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of these group companies. The
             enterprise expansion fund can only be used to increase capital of the group companies or to expand their production operations
             upon approval by the relevant authority.

             During the year ended 31 December 2021, the boards of directors of the subsidiaries resolved to appropriate approximately
             HK$939,891,000 (2020: HK$437,479,000) from retained earnings to statutory reserve fund. No enterprise expansion fund was
             appropriated during the years ended 31 December 2021 and 2020.

    (b)      The opening balance of capital reserve of the Group comprises the followings 1) the difference between the nominal value of the
             share capital of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to a reorganisation occurred in 2004 and the nominal value of the share capital
             of the Company issued in exchange thereof, and 2) an increase in capital reserves was in relation to the share of gain in Xinyi Solar
             resulting from the spin-off and initial public offering of Xinyi Energy in 2019.

    (c)      Financial assets at FVOCI

             The Group has elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive
             income, as explained in Note 2.10. These changes are accumulated under the FVOCI reserve within equity. For equity securities
             elected to present changes in FVOCI, the Group will never transfer amounts from this reserve to retained earnings when the
             relevant equity securities are derecognised.


19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                     2021                 2020
                                                                                                                HK$’000               HK$’000

    Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                                  1,483,859            1,396,216
    Bills payable (Note (b))                                                                                            —               74,379

                                                                                                               1,483,859            1,470,595
    Other payables (Note (c))                                                                                  2,308,305            2,093,400
    Contract liabilities (Note (e))                                                                              653,811              499,345
    Less: non-current portion
              Other payables                                                                                    (140,313)            (146,211)

    Current portion                                                                                            4,305,662            3,917,129




                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      At 31 December 2021 and 2020, the ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000

               0 - 90 days                                                                                       1,305,146       1,274,881
               91-180 days                                                                                         54,776              38,905
               181-365 days                                                                                        57,317              32,254
               1-2 years                                                                                           29,257              18,608
               Over 2 years                                                                                        37,363              31,568

                                                                                                                 1,483,859       1,396,216


               The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000

               RMB                                                                                               1,361,502       1,255,025
               MYR                                                                                                 62,529              72,828
               USD                                                                                                 58,903              67,493
               HK$                                                                                                    251                382
               Other currencies                                                                                       674                488

                                                                                                                 1,483,859       1,396,216


      (b)      Bills payable have maturities ranging within 6 months (2020: 6 months).

      (c)      Nature of other payables is as follows:

                                                                                                                     2021               2020
                                                                                                                  HK$’000          HK$’000

               Payables for investment properties                                                                  26,951              38,455
               Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                         431,057          750,264
               Payables for employee benefits and welfare                                                         539,019          433,050
               Payables for value-added tax                                                                       280,901          195,245
               Payables for utilities                                                                             110,729          114,549
               Payables for transportation charges                                                                470,976          210,471
               Payables for commission                                                                             51,872              46,873
               Others                                                                                             396,800          304,493

                                                                                                                 2,308,305       2,093,400




148   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
19 TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (d)   The carrying amounts of trade payables and other payables approximate their fair values.

   (e)   The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually received
         in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from sales of glass products.

         The following table shows the amount of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to contract liabilities
         balance at the beginning of the year.

                                                                                                               2021              2020
                                                                                                            HK$’000          HK$’000

         Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities balance
           at the beginning of the year                                                                     499,345           348,047




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


20 BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS

                                                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000

      Non-current
        Long-term bank borrowings                                                                14,986,960     11,175,008
        Less: Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                       (4,096,904)    (3,380,193)

                                                                                                 10,890,056      7,794,815

      Shown as non-current liabilities                                                           10,890,056      7,794,815

      Current
        Short-term bank borrowings                                                                  505,773        399,000
        Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                              4,096,904      3,380,193

      Shown as current liabilities                                                                4,602,677      3,779,193


      Total bank and other borrowings                                                            15,492,733     11,574,008


      At 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group’s bank borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                       2021           2020
                                                                                                   HK$’000         HK$’000

      Within 1 year                                                                               4,602,677      3,779,193
      Between 1 and 2 years                                                                       6,625,216      4,501,139
      Between 2 and 5 years                                                                       4,264,840      3,293,676

                                                                                                 15,492,733     11,574,008


      At 31 December 2021 and 2020, all bank loans bore floating interest rates. These bank borrowings are repayable by
      installments up to 2024 (2020: 2024) and the carrying amounts of bank borrowings approximate their fair values as at 31
      December 2021 and 2020. The fair values are categorised within level 2 of the fair value hierarchy.

      The Group complied with the financial bank covenants of its borrowing facilities as at 31 December 2021 and 2020.




150   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
20 BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (Continued)

   At 31 December 2021 and 2020, the carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in the following
   currencies:

                                                                                              2021              2020
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000

   HKD                                                                                 14,835,960        11,574,008
   RMB                                                                                     305,773                  —
   USD                                                                                     351,000                  —

                                                                                       15,492,733        11,574,008


   The effective interest rate is as follows:

                                                                                              2021              2020

   Bank borrowings                                                                          0.94%             2.13%


   The bank borrowings were guaranteed by corporate guarantee provided by the Company and cross guarantees provided
   by certain subsidiaries of the Group.


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX

   The analysis of deferred income tax is as follows:


   DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS:
                                                                                              2021              2020
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000

   Deferred income tax assets                                                              110,802            41,790




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

      DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS: (Continued)
      The gross movements on the deferred income tax assets are as follows:

                                                                                                         Capital
                                                                                                      allowance                Total
                                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000

      At 1 January 2020                                                                                   39,023             39,023
      Currency translation differences                                                                       540                    540
      Credited to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                                              2,227               2,227

      At 31 December 2020                                                                                 41,790             41,790
      Currency translation differences                                                                       (143)              (143)
      Credited to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                                             69,155             69,155

      At 31 December 2021                                                                               110,802             110,802


      The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets of approximately HK$94,571,000 (2020: HK$71,902,000) in
      respect of losses amounting to approximately HK$382,631,000 (2020: HK$302,335,000) that can be carried forward
      against future taxable income. Capital allowance mainly represents the investment tax allowance entitled by the Group’s
      subsidiary in Malaysia on its qualifying capital expenditure incurred, which can be utilised against its assessable profit.

      The time frame of tax losses expiration is as follows:

                                                                                                            2021               2020
                                                                                                        HK$’000            HK$’000

      Expiring in 2021                                                                                         —               5,132
      Expiring in 2022                                                                                  111,711             108,823
      Expiring in 2023                                                                                    64,180             55,155
      Expiring in 2024                                                                                    67,433             65,689
      Expiring in 2025                                                                                    67,546             65,800
      Expiring in 2026                                                                                    58,977                     —
      No expire date                                                                                      12,784               1,736

                                                                                                        382,631             302,335




152   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

   DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES:
                                                                                                     2021              2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

   Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                454,475           409,954


   The gross movements on the deferred income tax liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                     2021              2020
                                                                                                 HK$’000           HK$’000

   Beginning of the year                                                                          409,954           419,404
   Currency translation differences                                                                12,524            (4,761)
   Arising from business combination (Note 33)                                                     39,456                  —
   Credited to the consolidated income statement (Note 27)                                         (7,459)           (4,689)

   End of the year                                                                                454,475           409,954


                                                        Accelerated                         Undistributed
                                                                 tax                Fair        profits of
                                                       depreciation         value gains       subsidiaries            Total
                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000          HK$’000           HK$’000

   At 1 January 2020                                             412            259,947           159,045           419,404
   Credited to the consolidated income
     statement (Note 27)                                          —               (4,689)               —            (4,689)
   Currency translation differences                               —               (4,761)               —            (4,761)

   At 31 December 2020                                           412            250,497           159,045           409,954
   Charged to the consolidated income
     statement (Note 27)                                          —             (31,878)           24,419            (7,459)
   Arising from business combination (Note 33)                    —              39,456                 —            39,456
   Currency translation differences                               —              12,524                 —            12,524

   At 31 December 2021                                           412            270,599           183,464           454,475




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


21 DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

      DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES: (Continued)
      As at 31 December 2021, investment properties located in the PRC amounted to HK$1,591,224,000 (2020:
      HK$1,663,962,000) are held by certain subsidiaries with a business model to consume substantially all of the economic
      benefits embodied in the investment properties over time, rather than through sale. The investment property located in
      Hong Kong amounted to HK$70,160,000 (2020: HK$70,160,000) are held by certain subsidiaries and expected to be
      recovered entirely through sale. The Group has measured the deferred tax relating to the temporary differences of these
      investment properties using the tax rates and the tax bases that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of
      these investment properties (Note 7).

      During the year ended 31 December 2021, deferred income tax liabilities of HK$39,456,000 have been recognised for the
      temporary difference arising from the fair value adjustment of identifiable assets acquired from business combination (Note
      33).

      Deferred income tax liabilities of approximately HK$1,234,895,000 (2020: HK$930,806,050) have not been recognised
      for withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries in the
      PRC. Such temporary differences are not expected to be reversed in the foreseeable future. At 31 December 2021, total
      unremitted earnings for which deferred withholding tax liability has not been recognised amounted to approximately
      HK$24,697,891,000 (2020: HK$18,616,121,000).




154   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
22 EXPENSES BY NATURE

   Expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating expenses are
   analysed as follows:

                                                                                                            2021           2020
                                                                                                       HK$’000          HK$’000

   Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                                               1,400,833        1,069,039
   Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 6(B))                                               130,421          98,767
   Amortisation charge of intangible assets (Note 8)                                                       1,496           1,791
   Employee benefit expenses (Note 23)                                                                2,027,294        1,393,711
   Cost of inventories (Note 14)                                                                     10,604,436        7,746,153
   Transportation costs                                                                                 972,676         507,847
   Advertising costs                                                                                       3,881           8,155
   Auditor’s remuneration
     – Audit services                                                                                      3,310           3,090
     – Non-statutory audit services                                                                          793           2,112
   Research and development expenses                                                                    856,669         713,006
   Other expenses (Note)                                                                              2,688,404        2,048,289

   Total cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and
     other operating expenses                                                                        18,690,213       13,591,960


   Note:

   Other expenses mainly comprises custom duty expenses, other tax charges, insurance expenses and sundry expenses.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


23 EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000

      Wages and salaries                                                                                      1,838,679            1,286,809
      Share options granted to employees (Note 17)                                                                64,745               44,514
      Pension costs - defined contribution plans (Note (a))                                                     123,870                62,388

                                                                                                              2,027,294            1,393,711


      Note (a): Pension costs

               The Group participates in a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme (the “MPF scheme”) in accordance with the Mandatory Provident
               Fund Scheme Ordinance of Hong Kong. Under the rules of the MPF scheme, the employer and its employees in Hong Kong
               are each required to contribute 5% of their gross earnings with a ceiling of HK$1,500 per month to the MPF scheme. The only
               obligation of the Group with respect to the MPF Scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme. No forfeited
               contribution is available to reduce the contribution payable in the future year.

               The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC also participate in defined contribution retirement schemes covering its full time PRC
               employees. The schemes are administered by the relevant government authorities in the PRC. The Group and the PRC eligible
               employees are required to make contributions based on certain percentages of the applicable payroll costs as stipulated under
               the requirements in the PRC and the relevant government authorities undertake to assume the retirement benefit obligations of
               all existing and future retired employees of the Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC. No forfeited contribution is available to reduce
               the contribution payable in future years.


      (A) FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
            The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include four (2020: four) directors
            whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown in Note 35. The emoluments payable to the remaining one
            individual (2020: one individual) during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                                                HK$’000              HK$’000

            Basic salaries and allowances                                                                             545               1,094
            Discretionary and performance bonus                                                                    3,552                5,471
            Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                                 25                   17
            Share options granted (Note (a))                                                                          573                 248

                                                                                                                   4,695                6,830


            Note (a):

            Share options granted represent fair value of share options issued under Share Option Scheme recognised in the consolidated
            income statement during the year disregarding whether the options have been vested/exercised.

            During the year, no emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the directors of the Company and the five highest paid
            individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group, or as compensation for loss of office (2020: Nil).


156   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
24 OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                                    2021             2020
                                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000

   Rental income (Note 7)                                                                                          52,769          35,861
   Government grants (Note (a))                                                                                   244,516         186,037
   Insurance compensation income                                                                                    3,640           6,915
   Income from sale of electricity (Note (b))                                                                     105,362         108,872
   Income from sale of automatic machines (Note (c))                                                                2,563          12,550
   Realised income from financial products at FVTPL (Note (d))                                                    149,727         102,463
   Others                                                                                                          55,639          11,263

                                                                                                                  614,216         463,961


   Notes:

   (a)      Government grants mainly represent grants obtained from the PRC government in relation to the refund of value-added tax,
            income tax, land use tax and other operating costs of certain PRC subsidiaries.

   (b)      It represents income from sale of electricity generated from its wind power and solar power plants.

   (c)      It represents the income from sale of automatic machines for solar glass factory and other related industry.

   (d)      The realised income arising from Financial Products issued by reputable commercial banks in the PRC were not principal guaranteed
            nor with pre-determined or guaranteed return. As at 31 December 2021 and 2020, the Group had HK$40,313,000 (2020: nil)
            Financial Products not redeemed or matured. The Group had totally recovered the principal and received the expected returns for
            those Financial Products that were redeemed or matured during the year.


25 OTHER GAINS - NET

                                                                                                                    2021             2020
                                                                                                               HK$’000           HK$’000

   Loss on disposal of investment properties (Note 30(c))                                                              —          (22,848)
   Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 30(b))                                            (217,291)          (51,373)
   Unrealised fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                            (22,412)        (24,697)
   Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 12)                                                        199,431           1,984
   Fair value (losses)/gains on investment properties, net (Note 7)                                            (133,706)            3,231
   Other foreign exchange loss, net                                                                            (106,230)         (177,237)
   Gain on dilution of investments in an associates (Note 13)                                                          —       1,169,868
   Gain on bargain purchase (Note 33)                                                                             393,571               —
   Others                                                                                                           1,783           (9,932)

                                                                                                                  115,146         888,996




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


26 FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS

                                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000

      Finance income:
      Interest income on bank deposits (Note (a))                                                      66,084            35,536
      Other interest income (Note (a))                                                                    290             2,237

                                                                                                       66,374            37,773

      Finance costs:
      Interest on lease liabilities (Note 6(B))                                                         4,507             2,687
      Interest expense on bank borrowings                                                             171,830           253,988
      Less: interest expense capitalised on qualifying assets (Note 6)                                (21,277)          (63,907)

                                                                                                      155,060           192,768


      Note:

      (a)      Total interest income on financial assets that are measured at amortised cost for the year was HK$66,374,000 (2020:
               HK$37,773,000)


27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                         2021              2020
                                                                                                     HK$’000           HK$’000

      Current income tax
            – Hong Kong profits tax (Note (a))                                                         44,695            30,235
            – PRC corporate income tax (Note (b))                                                   1,494,675           721,441
            – Overseas income tax (Note (c))                                                          262,030            29,582
            – Under provision in prior years                                                           26,396            15,668
            – Withholding tax on remitted earnings (Note (d))                                         179,859           109,073

                                                                                                    2,007,655           905,999
      Deferred income tax (Note 21)
            – Increase in deferred income tax assets                                                  (69,155)            (2,227)
            – Decrease in deferred income tax liabilities                                              (7,459)            (4,689)

                                                                                                      (76,614)            (6,916)

                                                                                                    1,931,041           899,083




158   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
27 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
   Notes:

   (a)      Hong Kong profits tax

            Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2020: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits for the year.

   (b)      PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)

            CIT is provided on the estimated taxable profits of the subsidiaries established in the PRC for the year, calculated in accordance
            with the relevant tax rules and regulations.

            The applicable CIT rates in Mainland China is 25% (2020: 25%). Fourteen (2020: Thirteen) major subsidiaries in Deyang,
            Dongguan, Guangxi, Jiangmen, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Wuhu, Yingkou and Zhangjiagang enjoy high-tech enterprise income tax benefit
            and are entitled to a preferential tax treatment of reduction in the CIT rate to 15% (2020: 15%).

   (c)      Overseas income tax

            Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing
            in the countries in which the Group operates. Oversea income tax mainly represents Malaysia income tax which has been calculated
            on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the standard Malaysia corporate income tax rate of 24% (2020: 24%)

   (d)      Withholding tax on remitted earnings

            Withholding tax on remitted earnings from the PRC companies is 5%.

   The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted
   average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:

                                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                                                 HK$’000             HK$’000

   Profit before income tax                                                                                 13,501,721             7,330,342
   Associates’ results reported                                                                              (1,185,743)          (1,124,341)

                                                                                                            12,315,978             6,206,001

   Calculated at weighted average tax rate of 24.9% (2020: 23.5%)                                               3,065,353          1,462,546
   Preferential tax rates on income of certain PRC and overseas subsidiaries                                 (1,351,087)            (550,310)
   Effect of additional tax reduction enacted by tax authority                                                         —              (40,940)
   Under provision in prior years                                                                                 26,396               15,668
   Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                                               16,998                4,470
   Income not subject to tax                                                                                     (122,514)          (201,780)
   Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                      116,036             100,356
   Tax effect of withholding tax on the distributable profits
         of the Group’s PRC subsidiaries                                                                         179,859             109,073

   Income tax expense                                                                                           1,931,041            899,083




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED            159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


28 EARNINGS PER SHARE

      BASIC:
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted
      average number of ordinary shares in issue after taking into account the effect of the issuance of new shares and share
      repurchased and cancellation stated in Note 17(A) and (B) during 2021 and 2020.

                                                                                                        2021               2020

      Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                             11,555,887          6,422,213

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,026,807         4,026,601

      Basic earnings per share (HK cents)                                                             286.97             159.49



      DILUTED:
      Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
      assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The dilutive potential ordinary shares of the Company are share
      options. The calculation for share options is determined by the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair
      value (determined as the average annual market share price of the Company’s shares) based on the monetary value of the
      subscription rights attached to the outstanding share options. The number of shares calculated as above is compared with
      the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options.

                                                                                                        2021               2020

      Earnings
      Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (HK$’000)                             11,555,887          6,422,213
      Share of profit of an associate as a result of
        diluted earnings at associate level (HK$’000)                                                  (1,785)           (1,525)

      Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share (HK$’000)                              11,554,102          6,420,688

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,026,807         4,026,601
      Adjustments for:
      Share options (thousands)                                                                       49,979             15,605

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares
        for diluted earnings per share (thousands)                                                 4,076,786         4,042,206

      Diluted earnings per share (HK cents)                                                           283.41             158.84




160   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
29 DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                              2021               2020
                                                                                                         HK$’000             HK$’000

   Interim dividend paid of HK$0.66 (2020: HK$0.17) per share (Note a)                                  2,668,081             685,921
   Proposed final dividend of HK$0.76 (2020: final dividend of HK$0.62
         per share (Note b)                                                                             3,054,228           2,512,470

                                                                                                        5,722,309           3,198,391


   Notes:

   (a)      An interim dividend of HK$0.66 per share (2020: HK$0.17 per share) was paid to shareholders whose names appeared on the
            Register of Members of the Company on 13 August 2021 (2020: 17 August 2020).

   (b)      A final dividend in respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2021 of HK$0.76 per share (2020: HK$0.62 per share),
            amounting to a total dividend of HK$3,054,228,000 (2020: HK$2,512,470,000), is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual
            General Meeting. The amount of 2021 proposed final dividend is based on 4,018,720,547 shares in issue as at 31 January 2022
            (2020: 4,052,370,347 shares in issue as at 1 June 2021). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect this dividend
            payable.




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

      (a)   Reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                     Note        2021          2020
                                                                                              HK$’000       HK$’000

            Profit before income tax                                                        13,501,721    7,330,342
            Adjustments for:
              – Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                  22     1,400,833    1,069,039
              – Losses on disposal and write-off of property,
                plant and equipment                                                   25      217,291        51,373
              – Losses on disposal of investment properties                           25            —        22,848
              – Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                            22      130,421        98,767
              – Fair value losses/(gains) on investment properties                    25      133,706         (3,231)
              – Amortisation charge of intangible assets                              22         1,496        1,791
              – Impairment loss on interest in an associate                           13       67,353             —
              – Share of profits of associates                                        13    (1,185,743)   (1,124,341)
              – Gain on dilution of investments in associates                         25            —     (1,169,868)
              – Interest income                                                       26       (66,374)      (37,773)
              – Interest expense                                                      26      155,060       192,768
              – Share options granted to employees                                    23       64,745        44,514
              – Unrealised fair value losses on financial assets at FVTPL             25       22,412        24,697
              – Gain on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                         25      (199,431)       (1,984)
              – Realised income from financial products at FVTPL                      24      (149,727)    (102,463)
              – Increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net    15       26,252        15,880
              – Gain on business combination                                          33      (393,571)           —
            Changes in working capital:
              – Inventories                                                                 (1,093,937)    (206,278)
              – Trade and other receivables                                                   (641,942)   (1,641,406)
              – Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                787,637       783,672

            Cash generated from operations                                                  12,778,202    5,348,347




162   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

   (b)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment comprise:

                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

         Net book amount of property, plant and equipment (Note 6)                               240,680                80,100
         Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment (Note 25)                          (217,291)            (51,373)

         Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  23,389                28,727


   (c)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of investment properties comprise:

                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

         Net book amount of investment properties (Note 7)                                             —                50,280
         Losses on disposal and written-off of investment properties (Note 25)                         —             (22,848)
         Exchange difference                                                                           —                (4,446)

         Proceeds from disposal of investment properties                                               —                22,986


   (d)   Net debt reconciliation:

         This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                                                                                                    2021                 2020
                                                                                                HK$’000             HK$’000

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                             9,220,384          5,244,554
         Bank and other borrowings - repayable within one year                                (4,602,677)         (3,779,193)
         Bank and other borrowings - repayable after one year                                (10,890,056)         (7,794,815)
         Lease liabilities                                                                       (52,380)            (83,258)

         Net debt                                                                             (6,324,729)         (6,412,712)

         Cash and cash equivalents                                                             9,220,384          5,244,554
         Gross debt - variable interest rates                                                (15,492,733)      (11,574,008)
         Gross debt - fixed interest rates                                                       (52,380)            (83,258)

         Net debt                                                                             (6,324,729)         (6,412,712)




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


30 CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

      (d)   Net debt reconciliation: (Continued)

            This section sets out an analysis of net debt and the movements in net debt for each of the years presented.

                                                                      Bank             Bank
                                                                 and other        and other
                                                       Cash     borrowings      borrowings
                                                   and cash     due within         due after            Lease
                                              equivalents            1 year           1 year        liabilities            Total
                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000          HK$’000

            Net debt as at
              31 December 2019                     5,097,924     (4,459,093)      (6,350,418)          (7,094)      (5,718,681)
            Acquisition - leases                          —              —                —           (87,101)         (87,101)
            Unwinding of interest
              on lease liabilities                        —              —                —            (2,687)             (2,687)
            Cash flows                              (158,087)      679,900        (1,444,397)          13,624         (908,960)
            Foreign exchange adjustments            304,717              —                —                 —         304,717

            Net debt as at
              31 December 2020                     5,244,554     (3,779,193)      (7,794,815)         (83,258)      (6,412,712)
            Acquisition - leases                          —              —                —            (1,086)             (1,086)
            Unwinding of interest
              on lease liabilities                        —              —                —            (4,507)             (4,507)
            Cash flows                             3,811,603       (815,067)      (3,095,241)          36,471          (62,234)
            Foreign exchange adjustments            164,227          (8,417)              —                 —         155,810

            Net debt as at
              31 December 2021                     9,220,384     (4,602,677)    (10,890,056)          (52,380)      (6,324,729)




164   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
31 COMMITMENTS

   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
   Capital expenditure approved at the end of reporting date but not yet incurred is as follows:

                                                                                                       2021            2020
                                                                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000

   Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use
     assets contracted but not provided for                                                        1,368,211        862,434



   OPERATING LEASE COMMITMENTS
   Investment properties are leased to tenants under long-term operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Minimum lease
   payments receivable under non-cancellable operating lease of investment properties not recognised in the consolidated
   financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                                       2021            2020
                                                                                                    HK$’000        HK$’000

   Not later than 1 year                                                                             33,946          18,290
   Later than 1 year and not later than 5 years                                                      22,561          52,146
   Later than 5 years                                                                                    —          103,967

                                                                                                     56,507         174,403



32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

   As at 31 December 2021, the Group was controlled by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S., Mr. TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
   Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI Ching
   Leung which in aggregate owns 2,496,849,059 (2020: 2,400,021,059) of the Company’s shares.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      The following transactions were carried out with related parties:

      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                          Note          2021     2020
                                                                                     HK$’000   HK$’000

            Purchases of goods from associates                               i
              – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas
                  Investment Company Limited                                         283,222   168,794
              – Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited                                     —    105,831
              – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                   2,700    17,005
              – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Co., Limited                           xi        10,433        —
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                 vii           —      3,299

            Sales of goods to an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                  ii      143,297   109,938

            Sales of consumable goods to an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                               ii, vii      6,184     4,576

            Sales of goods to related parties
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party               ii, vii      9,074     7,141
              – Entities controlled by a controlling party                ii, vii      1,033     1,528

            Sales of machineries to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                 iii      177,195    83,368

            Sales of fixed assets to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                               iii, vii     4,037     2,157

            Consultancy income received from an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                               iv, vii        853      872

            Rental income received from an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                               v, vii       6,518     5,394

            Rental expenses paid to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                               v, vii       1,112     1,032

            Purchase of silica sand from an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                  i        65,374        —

            Rental income received from a related party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party               v, vii         316      302


166   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                          Note                  2021                2020
                                                                                                            HK$’000             HK$’000

       Wind farm management fees paid to related parties
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vi, vii               9,647              2,650

       Processing income of raw materials from an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                 vii                 6,815              1,739

       Processing fees paid to a related party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii,viii              5,867              1,289

       Purchase of machinery parts from a related party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii, ix                 251                 395

       Purchase of consumables from an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                               vii, x                2,846                  —

       Engineering, procurement and construction
              service fees paid to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                 vii                 3,894                  —

       Sales of wooden packaging products to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                               ii, vii               8,655                  —

       Rental expenses paid to a related parties
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               v, vii                  751                  —

       Maintenance and services fees paid to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                 vii                 2,435              2,563


       Notes:

       (i)       The purchases of goods from associates were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

       (ii)      The sales of goods to associates and related parties were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

       (iii)     The sales of machineries and fixed assets to an associate was charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms.

       (iv)      Consultancy income received from an associate was charged at mutually agreed fee.

       (v)       The leases of premises were charged at mutually agreed rental.

       (vi)      Wind farm management fees were charged at mutually agreed fees.




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED             167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           Notes: (Continued)

           (vii)    The transactions were de minimis transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business and under normal commercial
                    terms.


           (viii)   Processing fees were charged at mutually agreed prices.


           (ix)     The purchase of machinery parts was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.


           (x)      The purchase of consumables was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.


           (xi)     The purchase was under a long-term supply contract under which the Group has an option to purchase pre-determined
                    quantity of goods from the associate annually. The long-term contract has a period of 20 years. The purchase prices under
                    the contract was fixed for the first 5 years and will be adjusted upward or downward by a predetermined percentage
                    according to the market trend for the remaining 15 years.


      (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                                                 2021                2020
                                                                                                             HK$’000             HK$’000

           Prepayment to/Loans advance to an associate (Note 13)
                 – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                                        42,808                  657
           Receivable from an associate arising from sales of machineries (Note (i))
                 – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                                 14,529              91,690
           Receivable from an associate arising from consultancy income (Note (i))
                 – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                    203                   —
           Receivable from related parties arising from sales of goods (Note (i))
                 – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                  3,432                  664
                 – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                      —              74,664

           Payable to a related party arising from processing fee
                 and management fee (Note (i))
                 – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                  9,582               2,398




168   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
32 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                                           2021                2020
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

       Payable to associate arising from purchase of silica sands (Note (i))
             – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                 7,773                  —
       Payable to associate arising from EPC service (Note (i))
             – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                   410                  —
       Prepayment/(payable) to an associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
             – Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited                                                       1,533               1,494
       Receivable from an associate arising from management
             fee paid on behalf (Note (i))
             – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                                     —                 294
       Advance from a related party
             – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                                    81                  —
       Loan to an associate (Note 13)
             – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Co., Ltd.                                                            30,577                   —


       Note:

       (i)      As at 31 December 2021, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The amounts
                approximate their fair values and are denominated in RMB and MYR.


   (C) KEY MANAGEMENT COMPENSATION
                                                                                                           2021                2020
                                                                                                       HK$’000             HK$’000

       Basic salaries and allowances                                                                     17,568              19,410
       Discretionary and performance bonus                                                              199,245             115,374
       Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                            219                 118
       Share options granted                                                                               2,635               2,064

                                                                                                        219,667             136,966




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


33 BUSINESS COMBINATION

      On 9 June 2021 the Group acquired 100% of the issued share capital of Avic (Hainan) Special Glass Materials
      Company Limited, a manufacturer of glass products in the PRC, from an independent third party at a consideration of
      RMB1,182,012,000. Details of the financial information as at acquisition date is present as follows:

                                                                                                               HK$’000

      Purchase consideration
        Initial consideration                                                                                1,461,988
        Adjustment for changes in net assets and operating results of
           acquisition target during the period under the control of liquidator                                 (21,915)

        Cash paid                                                                                            1,440,073

      Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
        Property, plant and equipment                                                                        1,151,749
        Right-of-use assets                                                                                    199,073
        Intangible assets                                                                                      398,635
        Inventories                                                                                             95,525
        Trade and other receivables                                                                             15,897
        Cash and cash equivalents                                                                               90,669
        Trade and other payables                                                                                (78,448)
        Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                (39,456)

      Total identifiable net assets                                                                          1,833,644

      Gain on bargain purchase                                                                                (393,571)

      Net Cash outflow arising from the acquisition
        Cash consideration                                                                                   1,440,073
        Less: cash and cash equivalents                                                                         (90,669)

                                                                                                             1,349,404


      There were no acquisitions during the year ending 31 December 2020.




170   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
33 BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)

   (I)   ACQUIRED RECEIVABLES
         The fair value of acquired trade receivables is HK$699,000. The gross contractual amount for trade receivables due is
         HK$16,278,000 with a loss allowance of HK$15,579,000 recognised on acquisition.


   (II) REVENUE AND PROFIT CONTRIBUTION
         The acquired business contributed revenues of HK$325,812,000 and net profit of HK$48,284,000 to the Group for
         the period from 9 June 2021 to 31 December 2021.

         If the acquisition had occurred on 1 January 2021, consolidated pro-forma revenue and profit for the year ended 31
         December 2021 would have been HK$30,691,665,000 and HK$11,561,232,000 respectively. These amounts have
         been calculated using the subsidiary’s results and adjusting them for the additional depreciation and amortisation
         that would have been charged assuming the fair value adjustments to property, plant and equipment, right-of-use
         assets and intangible assets had applied from 1 January 2021, together with the consequential tax effects


   (III) BARGAIN PURCHASE
         The acquisition resulting in bargaining purchase of HK$393,571,000, due to the transaction was resulted from
         a bankruptcy reorganization process arranged by local court. The local court considered the Group most suitable
         candidate to take-over the target due to the Group’s experience in glass industry.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


34 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY

      Balance sheet of the Company                               Note        2021        2020
                                                                          HK$’000     HK$’000

      Assets
      Non-current assets
        Investments in subsidiaries                                       211,513     211,513
        Investment in an associate                                        456,097     446,278
        Amounts due from subsidiaries                                    5,759,650   2,154,650


                                                                         6,427,260   2,812,441

      Current assets
        Amount due from subsidiaries                                     8,234,876   6,027,876
        Prepayments and other receivables                                   5,597      22,614
        Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                  —     223,553
        Cash and bank balances                                              5,823       3,718

                                                                         8,246,296   6,277,761


      Total assets                                                      14,673,556   9,090,202

      Equity
      Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
        Share capital                                                     401,866     403,950
        Share premium                                                           —     535,560
        Other reserves                                            (a)     132,533     101,334
        Retained earnings                                         (a)     788,627     380,413

      Total equity                                                       1,323,026   1,421,257




172   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
34 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

   Balance sheet of the Company                                           Note                2021              2020
                                                                                          HK$’000           HK$’000

   Liabilities
   Current liabilities
     Other payables                                                                         37,643            14,671
     Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                       13,312,783          7,648,064
     Current income tax liabilities                                                            104             6,210

                                                                                       13,350,530          7,668,945

   Total liabilities                                                                   13,350,530          7,668,945


   Total equity and liabilities                                                        14,673,556          9,090,202


   The balance sheet of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 28 February 2022 and was signed on its
   behalf.




   LEE Yin Yee, B.B.S.                                  TUNG Ching Bor
   Chairman                                             Vice-chairman




                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


34 BALANCE SHEET AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY (Continued)

      Note (a) Reserve movements of the Company

                                                                      Capital
                                                Share option      redemption                 Retained
                                                     reserve         reserve    Sub-total    earnings          Total
                                                    HK$’000          HK$’000     HK$’000      HK$’000       HK$’000

      At 1 January 2020                               66,993          21,490      88,483      289,446       377,929
      Profit for the year                                   —             —           —     1,983,722     1,983,722
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                (32,153)             —      (32,153)           —        (32,153)
        – value of employee services                  44,514              —       44,514            —        44,514
        – adjustments relating to forfeiture
             of share options                             (131)           —         (131)         131             —
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares                 —            621         621          (621)           —
      Dividend relating to 2019                             —             —           —     (1,206,344)   (1,206,344)
      Dividend relating to 2020                             —             —           —      (685,921)     (685,921)

      At 31 December 2020                             79,223          22,111     101,334      380,413       481,747

      At 1 January 2021                               79,223          22,111     101,334      380,413       481,747
      Profit for the year                                   —             —           —     5,825,785     5,825,785
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                (37,434)             —      (37,434)           —       (37,434)
        – value of employee services                  64,745              —       64,745            —        64,745
        – adjustments relating to forfeiture
             of share options                              (15)           —          (15)          15             —
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares                 —          3,903       3,903     (237,035)     (233,132)
      Dividend relating to 2020                             —             —           —     (2,512,470)   (2,512,470)
      Dividend relating to 2021                             —             —           —     (2,668,081)   (2,668,081)

      At 31 December 2021                            106,519          26,014     132,533      788,627       921,160




174   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS

   (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS
       The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2021 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                          Employer’s
                                                                                        contribution
       Name of directors                                               Discretionary       to benefit
       (Note (i))                               Fees          Salary           bonus          scheme            Total
                                           HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000          HK$’000         HK$’000

       LEE Yin Yee                              300               49          65,160               —           65,509
       TUNG Ching Bor                           300            2,625          27,926               18          30,869
       TUNG Ching Sai                           300            7,516          64,266               18          72,100
       LEE Shing Kan                            300            2,422          27,926               18          30,666
       NG Ngan Ho                               300               —                —               —                 300
       LI Ching Wai                             300               —                —               —                 300
       SZE Nang Sze                             300               —                —               —                 300
       LI Ching Leung                           300               —                —               —                 300
       LAM Kwong Siu                            300               —                —               —                 300
       WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                   300               —                —               —                 300
       WONG Ying Wai                            300               —                —               —                 300
       TRAN Chuen Wah, John                     300               —                —               —                 300
       TAM Wai Hung, David                      300               —                —               —                 300




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    175
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

      (A) DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
           The remuneration for the year ended 31 December 2020 of every director is set out below:

                                                                                                                  Employer’s
                                                                                                                contribution
           Name of directors                                                                Discretionary          to benefit
           (Note (i))                                         Fees              Salary              bonus             scheme                 Total
                                                         HK$’000              HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000             HK$’000

           LEE Yin Yee                                        300                   49            36,931                    —             37,280
           TUNG Ching Bor                                     300               3,091             15,827                    18            19,236
           TUNG Ching Sai                                     300               8,438             36,632                    18            45,388
           LEE Shing Kan                                      300               2,576             15,827                    18            18,721
           NG Ngan Ho                                         300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LI Ching Wai                                       300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           SZE Nang Sze                                       300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LI Ching Leung                                     300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           LAM Kwong Siu                                      300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                             300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           WONG Ying Wai                                      300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           TRAN Chuen Wah, John                               300                   —                   —                   —                 300
           TAM Wai Hung, David                                300                   —                   —                   —                 300


           Notes

           i)      During the year ended 31 December 2021, none of the directors of the Company (a) received any allowances and benefits
                   in kind; (b) received or paid emoluments in respect of their other services in connection with the management of the affairs
                   of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking, except for the director set out in Note (iv) below; and (c) received or paid any
                   remuneration in respect of accepting office (2020: same).

           (ii)    The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received from the Group by these directors in respect of their
                   services as directors and/or in their respect of their services as employees of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking (2020:
                   same).

           (iii)   No director of the Company was appointed/resigned during the year (2020: same).

           (iv)    TUNG Ching Sai is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Group and his remuneration disclosed above include those for
                   services rendered by him as the Chief Executive Officer.




176   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
35 BENEFITS AND INTEREST OF DIRECTORS (Continued)

   (B) DIRECTORS’ TERMINATION BENEFITS
       During the year ended 31 December 2021, none of the directors of the Company received termination benefits.
       (2020: same).


   (C) CONSIDERATION PROVIDED TO THIRD PARTIES FOR MAKING AVAILABLE DIRECTORS ’
       SERVICES
       During the year ended 31 December 2021, the Company did not paid any consideration to third party for making
       available services of director (2020: same).


   (D) DIRECTORS’ LOANS, QUASI-LOANS AND OTHER DEALINGS
       There are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their controlled bodies corporate by and
       connected entities with such directors (2020: same).


   (E) DIRECTORS’ MATERIAL INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
       Except for those transactions disclosed in Note 32, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
       relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company and the
       director’s connected party had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or
       at any time during the year (2020: same).




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2021 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     177
Financial Summary


A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is presented below.

                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                 2021                2020               2019               2018                 2017
                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

Revenue                                    30,459,120         18,615,879         16,258,489         16,014,490         14,727,542
Cost of sales                             (14,681,992)       (10,844,444)       (10,375,212)       (10,139,138)         (9,283,428)

Gross profit                               15,777,128          7,771,435          5,883,277           5,875,352          5,444,114

Profit before income tax                   13,501,721          7,330,342          5,015,811           4,970,140          4,696,432
Income tax expense                        (1,931,041)           (899,083)           (533,132)          (722,564)          (682,413)

Profit for the year                        11,570,680          6,431,259          4,482,679           4,247,576          4,014,019
Profit attributable to
  – equity holders of the Company          11,555,887          6,422,213          4,477,792           4,236,806          4,013,764
  – non-controlling interests                  14,793               9,046              4,887             10,770                  255

                                           11,570,680          6,431,259          4,482,679           4,247,576          4,014,019
Dividends                                   5,722,309          3,198,391          2,208,191           2,081,637          1,924,874



Asset and Liabilities                                                       As at 31 December

                                                 2021                2020               2019               2018                 2017
                                             HK$’000             HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000            HK$’000

Total assets                               56,498,665         45,071,089         36,254,298         32,679,267         30,305,000
Total liabilities                          21,792,141         17,097,740         15,326,872         13,977,006         11,998,808

                                           34,706,524         27,973,349         20,927,426         18,702,261         18,306,192

Equity attributable to equity
  holders of the Company                   34,598,647         27,881,574         20,846,341         18,624,727         18,237,211
Non-controlling interests                     107,877              91,775             81,085             77,534             68,981

                                           34,706,524         27,973,349         20,927,426         18,702,261         18,306,192




178    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2021
