      Contents
 2    Corporate Information

 4    Chairman’s Statement

 9    Management’s Discussion and Analysis

 16   Profile of Directors and Senior Management

 21   Corporate Governance Report

 32   Report of the Directors

 56   Independent Auditor’s Report

 61   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

 62   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income

 63   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

 65   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

 67   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

 69   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

188   Financial Summary




                  XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   1
Corporate Information


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN CHINA

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (Chairman) ø~                      Xinyi Glass Industrial Zone
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M (Vice Chairman)          1 Xinyi Road
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.          Wuhu Economic and Technology Development Zone
    (Chief Executive Officer) <ø                           Wuhu City, Anhui Province, China
Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H.
                                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                                    IN HONG KONG

Mr. LI Ching Wai                                           Unit 2101-2108, 21st Floor
Mr. SZE Nang Sze                                           Rykadan Capital Tower
Mr. LI Ching Leung                                         135 Hoi Bun Road
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                             Kwun Tong, Kowloon
                                                           Hong Kong
INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                                           LEGAL ADVISERS AS TO HONG KONG LAW
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu G.B.S #+<
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel #<ø                              Charles Russell Speechlys LLP
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John #                                 Suite 3418, Level 34
The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P. *ø <            Two Pacific Place
                                                           88 Queensway
*      Chairlady of audit committee                        Hong Kong
#      Members of audit committee
+      Chairman of remuneration committee                  AUDITOR
ø      Members of remuneration committee
                                                           Ernst & Young
~      Chairman of nomination committee
                                                           Certified Public Accountants and
<      Members of nomination committee
                                                             Registered Public Interest
                                                             Entity Auditor under the Accounting
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER &
                                                             and Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                           27 Floor, One Taikoo Place
Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, FCPA, AICPA                              979 King’s Road
                                                           Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
REGISTERED OFFICE

Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
Cayman Islands




2      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
PRINCIPAL BANKERS                                   WEBSITE

Bank of China (Hong Kong)                           http://www.xinyiglass.com
China Construction Bank
China Merchants Bank                                SHARE INFORMATION
Citibank, N.A.
                                                    Place of listing: Main Board of The Stock Exchange
DBS Bank
                                                      of Hong Kong Limited
Hang Seng Bank
                                                    Stock code: 00868
HSBC
                                                    Listing date: 3 February 2005
Huaxia Bank
                                                    Board lot: 1,000 ordinary shares
Industrial Bank
                                                    Financial year end date: 31 December
Malayan Banking Berhad
                                                    Share price as of the date of this annual report: HK$10.38
Sumitomo Mitsui Banking Corporation
                                                    Market capitalisation as of the date of this annual report:
Bank of China
                                                      Approximately HK$45.9 billion
Bank of Communications
Ping An Bank
                                                    KEY DATES
China Citic Bank
Huishang Bank                                       Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China               determining the entitlement to attend and vote
Shanghai Pudong Development Bank                      at the Annual General Meeting:
                                                      From Tuesday, 26 May 2026 to Friday,
HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR                      29 May 2026 (both days inclusive)
AND TRANSFER OFFICE                                 Record date of Annual General Meeting: Friday, 29 May 2026
                                                    Date of Annual General Meeting: Friday, 29 May 2026
Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited
                                                    Closure of register of members for the purpose of
Rooms 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre
                                                      determining the entitlement to the final dividend:
183 Queen’s Road East
                                                      From Thursday, 4 June 2026 to Monday,
Hong Kong
                                                      8 June 2026 (both days inclusive)
                                                    Record date of proposed final dividend: Monday, 8 June 2026
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR AND
                                                    Proposed final dividend payable date:
TRANSFER OFFICE
                                                      On or about Wednesday, 29 July 2026
Ocorian Trust (Cayman) Limited
Windward 3, Regatta Office Park
PO Box 1350, Grand Cayman, KY1-1108
Cayman Islands




                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025       3
Chairman’s Statement


On behalf of the board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”), I am
pleased to announce the audited consolidated results of the Company and its subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”) for the
financial year ended 31 December 2025.

In comparison with 2024, the Group’s revenue decreased by about 6.7% to RMB20,829.0 million in 2025. The profit
attributable to equity holders of the Company decreased by about 19.0% to RMB2,729.0 million in 2025. Basic earnings per
share was RMB62.3 cents, as compared with RMB79.2 cents last year.

We are considered that the Group has achieved a reasonable level of profitability in an unfavorable market condition and
proposed payment of a final dividend of 21.5 HK cents per share (the “Share”) of the Company upon approval by the
shareholders (the “Shareholders”) of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “AGM”).

I present below an overview of the business of the Group during 2025 and key development highlights for the coming year.


BUSINESS REVIEW

During the year ended 31 December 2025 (the “FY2025”), although the PRC government continued to encourage timely
completion and delivery of the property projects, the number of the property units completed within the year continued to
decrease. Amid the challenges of the complicated international market environment and the PRC domestic supply-side structural
reforms, the PRC’s glass industry was in less favourable condition with many glass manufacturers incurring loss and suspended
the operation of the production lines. The demand in the PRC’s construction and architectural glass market slowdown with the
ASP dropped. The property sector remained weak since the fourth quarter of 2021 that was due to the high leverage and the
low liquidity faced by the property developers.

In response to the global macro-economic uncertainties and the high HKD bank loan interest rates, the Group endeavoured to
repay or re-finance all HKD bank loans with the lower interest rate RMB bank loans. Such repayment and re-financing enable
the Group to reduce the loan interest expenses in 2025. Declining average costs of raw materials and energy also mitigated
the negative impact of the low ASP for the float glass products. As a result, the Group’s operations in the different segments
encountered different challenges and more importantly, opportunities that emerged from the global market.

The Group’s net profit decreased by 18.8% for the year, primarily due to the net effect of lower amount of the gross profit of
the float glass products and the architectural glass products and the decreased amount of profit shared from the Company’s
associate, Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”), in 2025.

The Group implemented stringent policies on the control of the production costs and energy conservation to enhance the
production cost efficiency. Also, the Group focused on the production of high value-added components and features, different
colours and thickness of the float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass products as well as the window structure-
upgraded, mirrors and energy-saving coating glass products. As for the production arrangements, the Group streamlined
the production flow and the logistics with automation and adopted flexible global marketing strategies for its float glass,
architectural glass and automobile glass products.




4     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Given the widespread liquidity issue among the privately-owned property developers in China, the Group’s architectural glass
business has focused on the new glass window installation projects which are mainly led by the PRC government related entities,
PRC State-owned enterprises or the property developers with strong and proven financial position. The sales volume of the
architectural glass products decreased due to the unfavourable market condition and the decrease in both the new construction
projects and completion of the existing property projects in the PRC during the year.

The energy-saving Low-E coating architectural glass products continued as the stream main products in the market, because of
the Group’s renowned reputation with outstanding track records, aggressive and flexible marketing strategies and the selection
of a wide range of advanced coating materials and compound structured glass products. The Group continued as the top two
leaders of the architectural glass industry in the Greater China.

During the year, the Group’s automobile glass segment, like all other international glass manufacturers, continued to be affected
by the US import tariff. The business segment has developed and continued to launch new glass products with the made-to-
order components for the advanced driver assistance systems (“ADAS”), heads-up displays (“HUD”), noise insulation, low-
emissivity coatings, sunroofs and thermal management, which are suitable for both the existing and new vehicle models (including
EVs).

The Group actively explored new business opportunities domestically and internationally, strengthening the relationships with
the existing and new customers. The Group has also participated in a wide range of domestic and overseas exhibitions and
actively visited the overseas customers in 2025. The Group’s automobile glass products are sold to customers in over 150
countries or territories around the world.

As a global industry leader, the Group consolidated its position through strategic expansions and acquisitions, deploying
streamlined and automated production across facilities in China, Malaysia and Indonesia. The float glass and automobile glass
production facilities in East Java, Indonesia, provides an alterative to the customers in sourcing glass products with different
origins, cost structure and low import tariffs.

The operational enhancements included tighter cost controls for raw materials and inventory, ownership of silica sand mines
and transport vessels, optimised the supply chains and increased the percentage of recycling. The Group also upgraded the
automated production process, centralised control systems, rooftop solar panels and residual heat systems to align the national
carbon neutrality goals in the PRC.

To enhance the competitiveness, the Group continues developing unique glass products with different colours, thicknesses,
coatings, structural designs and other value-added features. It leverages proactive pricing, multi-supplying locations in China and
Southeast Asia, flexible marketing strategies and incentives under China’s 14th Five-Year Plan.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025       5
Chairman’s Statement


Improved productivity, product quality and features, technology and economies of scale to enhance
production efficiency, new products, new equipment, automation and advanced float glass line
design by new research and development (“R&D”) investments
The Group’s ongoing R&D investments in the use of new materials, coatings, production technologies, environmental protection,
automation and information technology, the use of artificial intelligence (“AI”) and big data analytics has improved the capacity,
yield and the sustainability, reducing emissions, waste, labour, production and energy costs in 2025.

The Group has designed the world-class, eco-friendly float glass production lines in China, Malaysia, and Indonesia with high
capacity and energy efficiency and yield. The achieved economies of scale have reduced the procurement and production costs
while optimising the use of fuel and raw material. The use of clean energy (solar and residual heat recovery) further controls the
energy cost and the level of emissions.

The use of natural gas for high-quality float glass production reduced the carbon emissions, improve the air quality, supported
the carbon neutrality goals, enhanced the product quality and optimised the energy cost structure.

The Group’s R&D teams continue developing new glass products, improving the low-emissivity, coatings, automotive
components and features and process improvement to capture the emerging opportunities.


Expanding Differentiated Product Portfolios and Global Reach
Amid the global inflation, geopolitical logistics disruptions, additional import tariff and intense competition in 2025, the Group
achieved a reasonable level of profitability in the automobile glass, architectural glass and the high-quality float glass businesses
segments. These demonstrate the Group’s diversified product segments, integrated production and supply chain, global market
coverage, strategically located production facilities, upgraded product mix, state-of-art production lines, expanded high value-
added and differentiated product offerings, strong cashflow and low debt gearing ratio. All of these mitigate the operational
pressure and risks in any specific business segment or country in a less favourable market environment.


Robust Finance and Ongoing Funding Optimisation for Expansion
The Group has solid financial position with RMB2,917.7 million cash and bank deposits, current ratio of 1.36 with low net debt
gearing ratio of 5.1% and sufficient banking facilities available as of 31 December 2025. The Group’s strong credit history has
allowed it to reduce the effective borrowing interest rate to 2.6% p.a.. As at 31 December 2025, the Group has outstanding
bank borrowings of RMB4,804.2 million with the net cash generated from operations of RMB5,321.5 million for the year,
demonstrating its ability to secure financing and cash inflow from multiple sources to support its capital expenditure and future
expansion. The Group has repaid net amount of RMB2,421.0 million in bank loans during the year.




6     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
BUSINESS OUTLOOK

To sustain the global leadership and the competitive position among the global glass manufacturers, the Group will continue to
enhance its operational efficiency through the use of advanced technology, AI, central management, integrated supply chains,
automation with robots, logistics, including self-operated vessels to reduce freight costs with more flexibility, and proactive
strategies for differentiated product portfolios and marketing to strengthen customer’s loyalty.

Responding to the tightening emissions and energy standards under China’s carbon neutrality policy, the government continues
the implementation of rigorous supply-side reforms—restricting the new float glass capacity acquisitions and phasing out the
non-compliant facilities. The Group adopts a prudent and flexible strategy to navigate the competitive markets globally, for the
purpose of strengthening the risk management and production cost controls.

Soda ash prices in 2026 are expected to remain low level compared to 2025 due to increased supply in China and overseas.
Energy costs trended slightly downward in 2026 as global crude oil prices remained relatively stable.

The U.S. import tariff continues to affect the aftermarket automobile glass customers. These effects are gradually less mitigated
by the Group’s new automobile glass production lines in Malaysia and Indonesia. The Group intends to explore the expansion of
the overseas production capacity and locations to mitigate the geopolitical risk.

The PRC government is expected to continue introducing additional economic initiatives and monetary policies to boost the
domestic consumption cycle and stabilise the domestic property market. The policies would put less pressure and restriction on
the funding channels for completion of designated properties and the delivery of new property projects to the property buyers,
which would result in more construction and window installation activities in future, in turn increasing the demand for float and
architectural glass.

The Directors are optimistic about the growth of the Group’s automobile glass aftermarket and OEM business in the global
market as the number of vehicles globally and in the PRC are expected to increase in 2026, as well as on the prospects of
increasing sales in the advanced glass window structure products, such as the energy-saving and single and double-insulated
Low-E glass segments, with the target of carbon neutrality in the PRC and overseas in the future.

After years of expansion across major economic zones of China and Southeast Asia, the Group continues seeking acquisition
and greenfield opportunities offering market access, lowering labour and raw material costs, more favourable tax treatment and
energy advantages. The new float glass production facilities in East Java, Indonesia, alongside the automobile and architectural
glass facilities, have strengthened its ASEAN presence.

Since 2021, the Group has formed a new business division dedicated to the carbon neutrality, which is vested with responsibility
for the planning, implementation and monitoring of the Group’s carbon neutrality policies and targets. Its energy conservation
plan also helps to improve the overall energy cost structure and promote the employees’ awareness of the carbon neutrality
objective of the Group.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    7
Chairman’s Statement


The Directors believe that clean and renewable energy continue to be one of the major energy sources, with demand surging
in both China and international markets. Solar power represents an efficient, reliable and safe renewable source of energy,
offering lower installation costs and faster deployment than hydropower, nuclear or wind. Consequently, a significant growth in
the solar farm construction is anticipated globally and in China, driven by the national carbon neutrality goal like China’s 2060
target. The European market, in particular, has seen accelerated growth spurred by the post-2022 energy crisis.

To capitalise this market trend, the Group will allocate sufficient resources to R&D, product quality enhancement and the
development of new products, materials, models, features, equipment and automation. The Group will also focus on the
improvement in the production process, development of new markets, increase the operational efficiency, advance our carbon
neutrality initiatives and optimise the logistics. Concurrently, enhanced staff training will ensure production safety, enhance
competitiveness and marketing skills and ultimately drive greater to increase the profitability.


CONCLUSION

Despite the global volatility, financial risks, geopolitical tensions, tariff risk, inflation and energy price pressure, the Group
continues to tackle and overcome challenges amidst changes in the global market, by bolstering its efficiency and increasing
its profitability through more effective and flexible management strategies across its automation, cash management, credit
control, information technology, logistics, procurement and supply chain, production, sales and marketing, operational and R&D
activities, as well as the expansion of its business collaboration with its customers, suppliers and business partners. These efforts
enhance the Group’s efficiency and profitability. The Directors believe that such measures will maximise the investment returns
in China and emerging overseas markets while maintaining cautious optimism for the long-term growth.

The Group will continue to refine its proven business strategies to enhance its performance. To retain the industry leadership
and seek opportunities to expand across the global glass and upstream markets in a wide spectrum of industries, locations,
applications and product mix, while cultivating mutually beneficial partnerships for the benefit of its business partners,
employees and shareholders.




Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
Chairman

27 February 2026




8     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Management’s Discussion and Analysis


INTRODUCTION

The Group is engaged in the production and sales of a wide range of glass products, including high-quality float glass,
automobile glass, energy-saving architectural glass and glass products for different commercial and industrial applications. These
glass products are manufactured at the Group’s production facilities strategically located in the PRC, Indonesia and Malaysia.
In the PRC, the Group’s production facilities are established in Shenzhen, Dongguan and Jiangmen in Guangdong Province,
Wuhu in Anhui Province, Chongqing, Tianjin, Yingkou in Liaoning Province, Deyang in Sichuan Province, Zhangjiagang in
Jiangsu Province, Beihai in Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region and Chengmai County in Hainan Province. The Group operates
overseas production plants in East Java, Indonesia and Malacca, Malaysia. In addition to the glass products, the Group also
produces rubber plastic parts and components relating to glass products and components for the advanced driver assistance
systems (ADAS) and heads up display (HUD) installed on the automobile glass.

The Group’s customers are located in over 150 countries and territories, including the PRC, Hong Kong, the United States
(“US”), Canada, Australia, New Zealand and other countries and territories in Asia, the Middle East, Europe, Africa and the
Americas. The Group’s customers include companies engaged in a wide range of business activities, from the automobile glass
manufacturing, wholesaling and distribution; automobile repairs and maintenance; car manufacturing; curtain wall design,
engineering and installation; architectural and furniture glass manufacturing; electronic, industrial and household appliance
manufacturing to the float glass manufacturing, wholesaling and distribution.


BUSINESS REVIEW

During the FY2025, the new US additional import tariff environment with high borrowing interest rates, the weak PRC property
market, involution and the tight liquidity have significantly affected the performance of the PRC economy. The Group’s three
principal glass product businesses, namely float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, have faced different challenges in
the sales volume and the selling prices.

In 2025, the revenue of the Group decreased by 6.7% to RMB20,829.0 million, as compared to RMB22,323.6 million in 2024.
The amount of the profit for the year attributable to the equity holders of the Company decreased by 19.0% to RMB2,729.0
million, as compared to RMB3,369.2 million in 2024. Basic earnings per share amounted to 62.31 RMB cents, representing a
decrease of 21.4% as compared to 79.23 RMB cents in 2024. The Board considers that the Group has achieved a reasonable
level of profit performance amid the global unfavourable market conditions.

The Board proposes to declare a final dividend of 21.5 HK cents per share, subject to the approval by the Shareholders of the
Company at the forthcoming AGM.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025       9
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


OPERATIONAL REVIEW

Sales
The sales revenue of the Group decreased by 6.7% in 2025. Such decrease was primarily due to the decrease in the average
selling prices (“ASP”) of float glass products and decrease of sales volume of architectural glass products both in the PRC and
the overseas markets. The increase in the automobile glass revenue was mainly due to the increase of new orders from the PRC
car manufacturers, domestics and overseas aftermarket sales customers with proactive and flexible marketing strategies.

The tables below set forth the Group’s sales by products and by geographical regions:

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                            2025                                   2024
                                                               RMB’million                    %        RMB’million                  %

By Products
Float glass products                                                11,514.1                55.3          12,909.9                57.8
Automobile glass products (Note)                                     6,861.3                32.9            6,304.8               28.3
Architectural glass products                                         2,453.6                11.8            3,108.9               13.9

                                                                    20,829.0              100.0           22,323.6               100.0


Note:

Included sales of automobile glass and automobile rubber and plastic components on an original equipment manufacturing (“OEM”) basis and
on aftermarkets basis.

                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                            2025                                   2024
                                                               RMB’million                    %        RMB’million                  %

By Geographical Regions
Greater China (Note (a))                                            13,305.7                63.9          15,247.5                68.3
Others (Note (b))                                                    7,523.3                36.1            7,076.1               31.7

                                                                    20,829.0              100.0           22,323.6               100.0


Notes:

(a)      Greater China includes the PRC and Hong Kong.

(b)      Others include Asia, Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Africa, the Middle East, Central America, North and South America and other
         countries.




10       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Cost of Sales
The cost of sales decreased by 4.9% to RMB14,347.2 million in 2025, as compared to RMB15,091.8 million in 2024. The
decrease in the cost of sales was mainly attributable to the decrease in the sales volume of architectural glass as well as
decreases in the average costs of raw materials and energy in the PRC during the year. The drop of the production costs was
also attributable by the improved production efficiency, cost control measures and the increasing use of renewable energy by
the Group.


Gross Profit
The gross profit of the Group in 2025 amounted to RMB6,481.8 million, representing a decrease of 10.4%, as compared to
RMB7,231.8 million in 2024. The gross profit margin slightly decreased from 32.4% to 31.1% principally due to the decreases
of ASP of float glass products.


Other Income and Gains – Net
Other income and other gains – net decreased of 27.3% to RMB722.7 million, as compared to RMB994.5 million in 2024. The
decrease was mainly due to (i) the drop in the government subsidies and (ii) the foreign exchange losses in 2025 compared to
foreign exchange gains in 2024.


Other Losses
Other losses decreased by 45.5% to RMB360.6 million in 2025. The significant difference was mainly due to the significant
decrease in losses on disposal and impairment of property, plant and equipment and right-of-use assets.


Selling and Marketing Costs
The Group’s selling and marketing costs increased by 11.9% to RMB1,181.8 million in 2025. The increase was principally due to
the increase in the transportation costs.


Administrative and Other Operating Expenses
The Group’s administrative and other operating expenses slightly decreased by 1.0% to RMB2,220.5 million in 2025, mainly due
to the decrease in the year-end bonus to executive directors.


Net impairment losses on financial assets
The impairment losses on financial assets in 2025 was mainly related to the amount due from the polysilicon associate company due
to the over-supply and involution of solar industry in the PRC.


Share of Net Profits of Associates
Share of net profits of associates was mainly generated from the Company’s associate companies, namely Xinyi Solar, Xinyi
Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”) and the polysilicon associate company. The share of net profits decreased to
RMB141.4 million, as compared to RMB196.9 million in 2024. The decrease was mainly due to the decreased profit contribution
from Xinyi Solar and share of losses from the polysilicon associate company.



                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     11
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Finance Costs
The Group’s finance costs decreased significantly by 32.3% to RMB122.6 million in 2025 mainly due to the refinancing of all of
the HKD loans with the RMB loans which have lower interest rates during the year.

A portion of the interest expense incurred as construction-in-progress and acquisition of land, plant and machinery at the
production complexes in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia has been capitalised under construction-in-progress and will be
depreciated subsequently once the related production facilities and the new production lines commence the commercial
operation. An interest expense amounted to RMB55.0 million was capitalised under construction-in-progress in 2025, which
represented a decrease of 37.9%, as compared to RMB88.5 million in 2024. Such decrease in 2025 was due to the significant
decrease in the total finance costs and a decrease in the capital expenditure incurred by the Group on the building and
construction during the year.


Earnings Before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisation (“EBITDA”)
EBITDA decreased by 22.7% to RMB4,509.8 million for the FY2025, as compared to RMB5,832.4 million in 2024.


Income Tax Expense
The Group’s income tax expense significantly decreased by 80.9% to RMB167.7 million in 2025 was mainly due to the
settlement of a tax case resulting in reversal on over provision in prior years of Hong Kong profit tax during the year. The
effective tax rate was 5.8% (2024: 20.6%).

The PRC dividend withholding tax of RMB59.9 million was paid in 2025 (2024: RMB200.0 million).

A total amount of RMB427.7 million dividends from the Company’s subsidiaries in the PRC were used for re-investment purpose
in the PRC and hence, no withholding tax has been recognised in accordance with the PRC dividend withholding tax rules under
the current PRC taxation policies in 2025.


Net Profit
Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company was RMB2,729.0 million in 2025, representing a decrease of 19.0%, as
compared to RMB3,369.2 million in 2024. Net profit margin decreased to 13.1% in 2025.


CURRENT RATIO

The Group’s current ratio as of 31 December 2025 was 1.36, as compared with 1.06 as of 31 December 2024. The increase
in the current ratio was mainly due to the higher cash balance and the lower short-term bank borrowings as of 31 December
2025.


NET CURRENT ASSETS

As of 31 December 2025, the Group had net current assets of RMB3,143.0 million, as compared to RMB666.0 million as of 31
December 2024. The increase was generally consistent with the increase in the current ratio.




12      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
CAPITAL EXPENDITURE AND COMMITMENTS

For the FY2025 the Group incurred capital expenditure of RMB1,431.3 million (2024: RMB5,124.0 million) for the purchase
of plant and machinery and the construction of production facilities in the PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia. Capital commitments
contracted for but not incurred by the Group as of 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB886.6 million (2024: RMB1,174.0
million), which was mainly related to the new production capacities of architectural glass, automobile glass and cold repair of
float glass, to be invested in the PRC and Indonesia.


CAPITAL STRUCTURE

There has been no material change in the capital structure of the Company during the year. The capital of the Group companies
comprises the ordinary shares.


FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY

In 2025, the Group’s primary source of funding included cash generated from its operating activities and the new banking
facilities provided by its principal banks in Hong Kong and the PRC. Net cash inflow from operating activities amounted to
RMB5,321.5 million (2024: RMB5,589.7 million) as a result of efficient working capital management which led to a net cash
increase from operations. As of 31 December 2025, the Group had cash and bank balances (including fixed deposits and
pledged bank deposits) of RMB2,917.7 million (2024: RMB1,709.3 million).


BANK BORROWINGS

As of 31 December 2025, the Group’s bank borrowings amounted to RMB4,804.2 million, representing a decrease of 34.3%, as
compared to RMB7,313.1 million as of 31 December 2024, because of the repayment of bank loans by cash on hand to reduce
the loan interest expense during the year.

The Group’s net debt gearing ratio as of 31 December 2025 was 5.1% (31 December 2024: 16.3%). This ratio was arrived by
dividing the net debt, which is calculated as total bank borrowings plus lease liabilities less cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank
deposits and pledged bank deposits, by the total equity of the Group as of 31 December 2025.


PLEDGE OF ASSETS

As of 31 December 2025, bank balance of RMB79.6 million has been pledged as collateral principally for import tariff payable to
the US government.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICY

As of 31 December 2025, the Group had 16,057 full-time employees, of whom 14,385 were based in the PRC and 1,672 were
based in Hong Kong and other countries and territories. The Group maintains good relationship with its employees and provides
employees with sufficient training in business and professional knowledge including information about the applications of the
Group’s products and skills in maintaining good client relationship. Remuneration packages offered to the Group’s employees
are generally consistent with prevailing market rates and are reviewed on a regular basis. Discretionary bonus may be awarded
to employees taking into consideration the Group’s performance and that of individual staff.



                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025       13
Management’s Discussion and Analysis


Pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, the Group has participated in relevant defined contribution retirement schemes
administered by responsible government authorities in the PRC for its employees there. The Group’s employees in Hong
Kong are all participating in mandatory provident fund arrangements as required by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes
Ordinance (Chapter 485 of the Laws of Hong Kong).


FINAL DIVIDEND

At the meeting of the Board held on 27 February 2026, the Directors consider that the Group has achieved a reasonable level of
profitability under an unfavourable market condition and recommended the payment of a final dividend (the “Final Dividend”)
of 21.5 HK cents per share for the FY2025. The recommendation of payment of the Final Dividend is subject to the approval
of the Shareholders at the AGM which is expected to be held on Friday, 29 May 2026. If approved by the Shareholders, it
is expected that the Final Dividend will be paid to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the
Company on Monday, 8 June 2026.

Shareholders will be given an option to select to receive the Final Dividend in cash or in new and fully paid shares of the
Company, in whole or in part, in lieu of cash dividend by scrip dividend (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”). The Scrip Dividend
Scheme is subject to the Stock Exchange granting the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be allotted and
issued under the Scrip Dividend Scheme.

The Company will announce separately further information on the Scrip Dividend Scheme which includes the market value
of the scrip shares under the Scrip Dividend Scheme which is expected to represent a discount to the average closing price
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days commencing on Tuesday, 2 June 2026 until
Monday, 8 June 2026 (both days inclusive) rounded down to two decimal places.


TREASURY POLICIES AND EXPOSURE TO FLUCTUATIONS IN FOREIGN EXCHANGE RATES

The Group has adopted treasury policies for the purpose of optimising the use of readily-available financial resources for the
business needs of its subsidiaries. The Directors believe that such treasury policies are an integral part of the business operations
of the Group and are beneficial to the Group as a whole by reducing the costs and interests that may otherwise be borne by
its relevant subsidiaries in arranging the required banking facilities to meet obligations. For example, the Group has adopted a
centralised approach in managing funds available to its headquarters, subsidiaries and branches, including cash, bank deposits,
securities, bills and other financial instruments. These assets, such as bills and financial instruments, are managed and arranged
amongst the subsidiaries through proper endorsements or transfers to the different subsidiaries so they can be fully utilised to
meet the Group’s payment obligations with minimal financing cost. The Group closely monitors the level of use of the treasury
policies, and the value of each of these transactions only represents an immaterial part of its total assets and undertakings. The
Directors believe that these policies promote the efficient use of the Group’s financial resources.




14    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
In addition, the treasury policies of the Group also include mechanisms to mitigate its foreign exchange risks. The Group mainly
operates in the PRC with most of its significant transactions denominated and settled in RMB and USD. The exchange rate
fluctuations between RMB and USD, with RMB is the reporting currency of the Group, could affect the Group’s performance
and asset value. The Directors do not expect that the Group is subject to any significant foreign exchange risk for transactions
conducted in RMB or USD. The Group also has production facilities and activities in Malaysia and Indonesia. The exchange rate
fluctuations between Malaysian Ringgit (“MYR”), Indonesia Rupiah (“IDR”) and RMB could also affect the Group’s performance
and asset value.

Because of the appreciation in the exchange rate of RMB during the year, the Group reported non-cash translation decreases in
the exchange reserve of its consolidated statement of financial position when converting HKD, MYR and IDR-denominated assets
into RMB. For the FY2025, an exchange reserve decrease of RMB29.7 million was recorded as foreign currency translation reserve
movement. As a result, the balance of the consolidated foreign currency translation reserve account recorded a debit balance of
RMB1,193.4 million as of 31 December 2025, as compared to a debit balance of RMB1,163.7 million as of 31 December 2024.

Relating to the Group’s majority business is in the PRC, the revenue from the sales of glass products in the PRC is denominated
in RMB whilst most bank borrowings are denominated in RMB. In implementing its treasury policies, the Group maintained a
deliberate balance between the currency risk and the interest savings arising from RMB-denominated bank borrowings. As of 31
December 2025, 100% of the bank borrowings of the Group were denominated in RMB.

The Group has not experienced any material difficulties and liquidity issues resulting from currency exchange fluctuations.
During the FY2025, the Group has not used any financial instrument for hedging purposes.


CONTINGENT LIABILITIES

As of 31 December 2025, the Group did not have any significant contingent liability (31 December 2024: Nil).


MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES

In December 2025, the Group disposed of 82% equity interest of Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai) Company Limited, which is the
owner and operator of a wind farm situated at Jinzhai City, Anhui Province with the approved power generating capacity of 64
megawatts. to Xinyi Energy. Further information on the disposal is set forth in the announcements of the Company dated 23
December 2025 and 16 January 2026.

Save as disclosed above, there was no material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries and associated companies during the
FY2025.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     15
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (李賢義) aged 73, is the Chairman and founder, responsible for the Group’ s business strategy. Dr. LEE Yin
Yee, S.B.S. has more than 35 years’ experience in the automobile glass industry. Prior to establishing the Group, Dr. LEE Yin Yee,
S.B.S. was involved in the trading of automobile parts. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. has been the member of the 10th, 11th, 12th
and 13th National Committee of the Chinese People’ s Political Consultative Conference and an honorary citizen of Shenzhen
in the PRC. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. obtained a honorable doctorate degree in engineering from the Universiti Teknikal Malaysia
Melaka in November 2018. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was appointed in December 2003 as the first chairman of Fujian Chamber
of Commerce in Shenzhen (formerly known as Shenzhen Fujian Corporate Association). Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is also the Life
Honorary Chairman of the Hong Kong Quanzhou Clans United Association and the Fukienese Association Limited in Hong
Kong. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H.,the executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is also the
brother-in-law of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor, the Vice Chairman and executive Director and brother-in-law of Tan Sri Datuk
TUNG Ching Sai J.P., the Chief Executive Officer and executive Director. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was appointed as the executive
Director on 25 June 2004. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. currently is the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Solar, a company
listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “ Stock Exchange” ) (stock code: 0968). He was an
executive director of Xinyi Solar and re-designated as the non-executive director on 31 July 2023. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. was the
chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Energy, a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
3868) from 28 May 2019 to 4 August 2020.

Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M (董清波), aged 63, is the Vice Chairman and Chief Purchasing Officer, responsible for
managing the Group’ s daily operations and overseeing the purchasing functions. Prior to joining us in January 2000, Datuk Wira
TUNG Ching Bor had over 23 years’ experience in automobile parts purchase. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor was a member of the
10th Anhui Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’ s Political Consultative Conference and a member of Nanping Municipal
Committee of the Chinese People’ s Political Consultative Conference in Fujian. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor is the brother-in-law
of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., the executive Director, brother of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., the Chief Executive Officer and
executive Director, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H., the executive Director. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor was appointed as
the executive Director on 25 June 2004.




16   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M , J.P. (董清世), aged 60, is the executive Director and Chief Executive Officer.
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. has been with the Group for over 37 years since the inception in November 1988 and is
responsible for overseeing the Group’ s daily operations. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is a member of National Committee
of the Chinese People’ s Political Consultative Conference (中國人民政治協商會議全國委員會委員) and a standing committee
member of the Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Regional Committee of the Chinese People’ s Political Consultative Conference,
(中國人民政治協商會議廣西壯族自治區委員會常務委員), a member of the executive committee of the All-China Federation
of Industry and Commerce (全國工商聯執行委員會委員), chairman of the Happy Hong Kong Foundation, and the president of
Hong Kong Industrial & Commercial Association, vice chairman of the China Architectural and Industrial Glass Association (中
國建築玻璃與工業玻璃協會), the Third Shenzhen Municipal Ten Outstanding Young Entrepreneur in September 2001 and was
awarded the “ Young Industrialist Awards of Hong Kong 2006” . Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. graduated from the Sun Yat-
Sen University with an executive master degree of business administration in 2007. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the
brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., brother of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor, and uncle of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H., all of
them are the executive Directors. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004.
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P. is the vice chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Solar, a company listed on the main
board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 0968), the vice chairman and executive director of Xinyi Energy, a company listed on
the main board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 3868) and the chairman and non-executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage
Holdings Limited (“ Xinyi Electric Storage” ). a company listed on the Growth Enterprise Market (“ GEM” ) of the Stock Exchange
(stock code: 8328).

Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H. (李聖根), aged 46, is the executive Director and is responsible for overseeing the overall automobile
glass operation. Mr. LEE Shing Kan joined the Company in January 2005. Mr. LEE Shing Kan holds a bachelor’ s degree in
commerce from The University of Melbourne, Australia and a master’ s degree in applied finance from Monash University,
Australia. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the standing member of the Sichuan Provincial Committee of the Chinese People’ s Political
Consultative Conference and chief supervisor of the Federation of HK Sichuan Community organisations. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was
the director (2012-2014) of Tung Wah Group of Hospitals. Mr. LEE Shing Kan has been the executive committee member and
the chairman of the Lok Sin Tong Benevolent Society, Kowloon since 2018 and April 2023 respectively. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is the
son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., nephew of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P., all of them are
the executive Directors. Mr. LEE Shing Kan was appointed as the executive Director on 15 October 2008. Mr. LEE Shing Kan is a
non-executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8328).




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    17
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai (李清懷), aged 68, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to joining
the Group, Mr. LI Ching Wai has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. LI Ching Wai was appointed as the
non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. SZE Nang Sze (施能獅), aged 68, is the non-executive Director and has been with the Group since April 2001. Prior to
joining the Group, Mr. SZE Nang Sze has worked in the trading of automobile parts industry. Mr. SZE Nang Sze was appointed
as the non-executive Director on 25 June 2004.

Mr. LI Ching Leung (李清涼), aged 69, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2004. Mr. LI Ching
Leung was the assistant general manager of the Wuhu production complex. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. LI Ching Leung has
worked in the trading of automobile parts industry, manufacturing of plastic products and mould industry, and manufacturing
of leather products industry. Mr. LI Ching Leung was appointed as the executive Director on 25 August 2004 and was re-
designated as the non-executive Director on 14 September 2005.

Mr. NG Ngan Ho (吳銀河), aged 61, is the non-executive Director and has joined the Group since August 2003. Mr. NG Ngan
Ho was responsible for overseeing the financial and purchasing matters of the Dongguan production complex. Mr. NG Ngan Ho
was appointed as the executive Director on 25 June 2004 and was re-designated as the non-executive Director on 1 July 2007.
Mr. NG Ngan Ho is the executive director of Xinyi Electric Storage, a company listed on GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code:
8328).


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. (林廣兆), aged 92, is the adviser of BOC International Holdings Limited, the honorary chairman of
Hong Kong Federation of Fujian Associations, the Life Honorary Chairman of Hong Kong Fukien Chamber of Commerce, the
vice chairman of Fujian Hong Kong Economic Co-operation, the Life Honorary Chairman of the Chinese General Chamber of
Commerce, the adviser of the Hong Kong Chinese Enterprises Association, the honorary president of the Chinese Bankers Club
of Hong Kong. Mr. LAM Kwong Sui has also been an independent non-executive director of Fujian Holdings Limited (stock
code: 0181) since December 2003, Yuzhou Group Holdings Company Limited (stock code: 1628) since October 2009 and Far
East Consortium International Limited (stock code: 0035) since September 2011, all of them are listed on the main board of the
Stock Exchange. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was awarded the HKSAR Gold Bauhinia Star and Silver Bauhinia Star in 2016 and 2003,
respectively. Mr. LAM Kwong Siu was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.




18   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel (王則左), aged 76, is currently a Barrister-at-Law in Hong Kong and a Chartered Arbitrator. Mr.
WONG Chat Chor Samuel, a member of several arbitration institutions, is a Fellow of the Chartered Institute of Arbitrators, a
Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, Executive Council member of the Hong Kong Society for Rehabilitation and
Crime Prevention, is the immediate past president of the Hong Kong Institute of Arbitrators, is a member of the International
Chamber of Commerce (“ ICC” ) and the ICC Arbitration Committee of Hong Kong. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel is also on
the panels of the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission, the Hong Kong International Arbitration
Center and on the panels of the Arbitration Commissions of Wuhan, Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration, Shanghai
Court of International Arbitration, Guangzhou and Nanjing of China. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel was a member of the
Peoples’ Political Consultative Committee of Wenzhou, Zhejiang, the PRC. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel received a master
degree in business administration from Harvard University and a master and a bachelor degree in Arts from Tufts University,
Massachusetts. Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel was appointed as the independent non-executive Director on 30 August 2004.

Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John (陳傳華), aged 54, obtained a bachelor’ s degree in business administration from Simon Fraser
University in June 1993 and obtained a doctorate degree of ministry from Fuller Theological Seminary in 2017. Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John is currently a minister of Evangelical Free Church of China Jachin Church. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John has over 16
years of experience in accounting and investment banking industry, during which Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John had worked in
Price Waterhouse (now known as PricewaterhouseCoopers) and various financial institutions and investment banks in Hong
Kong. During the period between 2003 and 2006, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was the Managing Director and the Head of
Investment Banking of Kingsway Financial Services Group Limited (“ Kingsway Group” ). Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was a
consultant to Kingsway Group during the period from 2006 to 2009. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a member of each of
the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants and the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants in 1996 and
1997, respectively. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John became a Chartered Financial Analyst (granted by the Association for Investment
Management and Research) in September 1999. Dr.TRAN Chuen Wah, John was appointed as the independent non-executive
Director on 31 December 2012.

The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P. (李慧琼) (“ Ms. LEE” ), aged 51, currently a member of Legislative Council of the
Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’ s Republic of China (the “ HKSAR” ) and the President of the Legislative
Council. Ms. LEE is also a member of the Standing Committee of the 14th National People’ s Congress of the People’ s Republic
of China. Ms. LEE also serves as a Court Member of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology and a Honorary
Professor of the Education University of Hong Kong. Ms. LEE is an associate member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. Ms. LEE has successively been employed by PricewaterhouseCoopers, Crowe (HK) CPA Limited and KPMG,
and is currently a consultant to KPMG. Ms. LEE is an associate member of The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute. Ms.
LEE was a member of Kowloon City District Council of the HKSAR during the period from January 2000 to December 2023 and
has been acting as a non-official member of the Executive Council of the government of the HKSAR from July 2012 to March
2016. During the period from April 2015 to September 2023, Ms. LEE acted as the chairlady of Democratic Alliance for the
Betterment and Progress of Hong Kong (“ DAB” ), following which Ms. LEE is currently an adviser to DAB.




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    19
Profile of Directors and Senior Management


SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. LAU Sik Yuen (劉錫源), aged 59, is the Company Secretary, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of the Group. Prior to
joining the Group in April 2003, Mr. LAU had over thirteen years’ experience in auditing and financial accounting industry. Mr.
LAU is responsible for the Group’ s financial, management and cost accounting, taxation, treasury and investor relations strategy
and operation. Mr. LAU had worked for PricewaterhouseCoopers for over five years, and had been the financial controller of a
subsidiary of a company listed on the main board of the Stock Exchange for over three years. Mr. LAU is a fellow member of the
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. LENG Xue Feng (冷雪峰), aged 58, is the Executive Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’ s float
glass and electronic glass operations. Mr. LENG obtained bachelor degree in silicate from Qíqíhaer Light Industrial University.
Prior to joining the Group in July 2007, Mr. LENG had worked in float glass sector for eighteen years.

Mr. LIAO Jiang Hong (廖江洪), aged 48, is the Vice President of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’s architectural
glass projects operation. Mr. LIAO obtained a diploma of psychology from Chinese Academy of Sciences. He joined the Group in
April 1994.

Mr. GUO Jian Lin (郭建林), aged 57, is the General Manager of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’ s information and
technology centre and double chain management. Mr. GUO obtained a bachelor degree in industrial management from Jiangxi
University of Finance and Economics. Mr. GUO is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Prior to
joining the Group in March 2008, Mr. GUO had been worked in accounting and auditing sector.

Mr. XU Bi Zhong (許必忠), aged 57, is the General Manager of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’ s logistics and
central purchasing centre operations. Mr. XU obtained a diploma of administrative management from Shenzhen University.
Prior to joining the Group in May 2004, Mr. XU worked for a float glass trading company and a float glass plant in PRC for over
twelve years.

Ms. LIU Jianmei (劉建梅), aged 41, is the General Manager of the Group and is mainly overseeing the Group’ s office system and
the Group’ s internal control centre. Ms. LIU joined the Group in March 2008 with a bachelor degree.




20   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                                                Corporate Governance Report


The Board recognises the importance of good corporate governance in the management structure and internal control
procedures of the Group for the purpose of ensuring that all business activities of the Group and the decision-making process
are properly regulated and are in full compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. For corporate governance purpose,
the Company has adopted the Corporate Governance Code (the “ CG Code” ) set forth in Part 2 of the Appendix C1 to The Rules
Governing the Listing of Securities of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “ Listing Rules” ) throughout the year of
2025.

In the opinion of the Board, the Company has complied with the applicable principles and code provisions of the CG Code for
the FY2025.

The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the Company. Its key responsibilities include providing
leadership and supervision to the Management with a view to protecting the Shareholders’ interests and enhancing
Shareholders’ long-term value.

The Board has established the Group’ s purpose, values and strategies and was satisfied that they are aligned with the Group’ s
culture. All Directors must act with integrity, lead by example, and promote the desired culture. The Board should instil and
continually reinforce across the Company’ s values of “ acting lawfully, ethically and responsibly” .

During the FY2025, the Board closely monitored the implementation of corporate governance practice, risk management and
internal control systems to ensure the corporate value and the Company’ s culture are aligned.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS

One of the responsibilities of the Board is to prevent fraud and non-compliance issues, safeguard the assets of the Group
and formulate the overall business strategies for the Group. The Board currently comprises four executive Directors, four non-
executive Directors and four independent non-executive Directors. Further information on the Directors is set forth on pages 16
to 19 of this annual report.

The four executive Directors are Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M,
D.M.S.M, J.P. and Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H.. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., is the father of Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H., and also the brother-

in-law of Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor is the elder brother
of Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.. Hence, Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H. is the son of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and nephew of Datuk
Wira TUNG Ching Bor and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P..

The four non-executive Directors are Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. LI Ching Leung and Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

The four independent non-executive Directors are Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. TRAN Chuen
Wah, John and The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P..

The biographical information of the Directors is set forth in the section headed “Profile of Directors and Senior Management”
in this annual report. Save as disclosed above, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material/
relevant relationship(s)) among the members of the Board.




                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   21
Corporate Governance Report


The Company has complied with Rules 3.10 and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three
independent non-executive directors, one independent non-executive director of which has the appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related finance management expertise and the independent non-executive directors represent at
least one-third of the Board.

The articles of association (the “ Articles” ) of the Company provide that at each annual general meeting, one-third of the
Directors for the time being shall retire from office by rotation and that every Director shall subject to retirement by rotation at
least once every three years. Where there is any casual vacancy in the Board, candidates will be proposed and put forward to the
Board for consideration and approval, with a view to appointing to the Board individuals with the appropriate capabilities to fill
the casual vacancy.

All of the four non-executive Directors were appointed for a term of three years. For the independent non-executive Directors,
Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S. and Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel, were appointed for a term of three years commenced from 3
February 2026. Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John was appointed for a term of three years commenced from 31 December 2024 and
The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P. appointed for a term of three years commenced from 31 May 2024. The Company
has received written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect of his/her independence in
accordance with the independence guidelines pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company is of the view that all
independent non-executive Directors have fulfilled the independence guidelines set forth under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.


CHAIRMAN AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is the Chairman of the Group and Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is the Chief Executive Officer of the
Group. The Chairman is responsible for managing and providing leadership to the Board. Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. is responsible
for ensuring that the Group has maintained strong and effective corporate governance practices and procedures. The Chief
Executive Officer is responsible for the day-to-day management of the business of the Group. With the assistance of other
members of the Board and other senior management, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. closely monitors the operating and
financial results of the Group, identifies any weakness in the operation and takes all necessary and appropriate steps to remedy
such weakness. Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. is also responsible for formulating the future business plans and strategies of
the Group for the Board’ s approval.




22    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Attendance records of the Directors at board meetings and general meeting in 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                              Meetings attended/held
                                                                                                    Annual
                                                                                                    general          Board
                                                                                                    meeting      meetings

Executive Directors
  LEE Yin Yee                                                                                           1/1               4/4
  TUNG Ching Bor                                                                                        1/1               4/4
  TUNG Ching Sai                                                                                        1/1               4/4
  LEE Shing Kan                                                                                         1/1               4/4

Non-executive Directors
  LI Ching Wai                                                                                          1/1               4/4
  LI Ching Leung                                                                                        1/1               4/4
  SZE Nang Sze                                                                                          1/1               4/4
  NG Ngan Ho                                                                                            1/1               4/4

Independent non-executive Directors
  LAM Kwong Siu                                                                                         1/1               4/4
  WONG Chat Chor Samuel                                                                                 1/1               4/4
  TRAN Chuen Wah, John                                                                                  1/1               4/4
  Starry LEE Wai-king                                                                                   1/1               4/4

During the financial year ended 31 December 2025, the Board has four meetings and all the Directors had attended these
meetings.

The Board is responsible for the formulation of the overall strategies and objectives of the Group, monitoring and evaluating
the operating and financial performance, the review of the corporate governance measures and supervision of the overall
management of the Group. The senior management of the Group is responsible for the implementation of the business
strategies and the day-to-day operations of the Group under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer. The Directors have
full access to all the information of the Group in regard to the business operation and financial performance of the Group.
Senior management of the Group also provides the Directors from time to time with information on business operation of the
Group.




                                                                      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     23
Corporate Governance Report


MECHANISM REGARDING INDEPENDENT VIEWS TO THE BOARD

The Board has implemented different ways to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board (the “ Mechanism” ).
The purpose of the Mechanism is to improve Board effectiveness, maximise strengths, and identify the areas that need
improvement or further development. The Mechanism also clarifies what actions of the Company need to be taken to maintain
and improve the Board performance, for instance, addressing individual training and development needs of each Director.

Pursuant to the Mechanism, the Board will conduct annual review on its independence. The results will be presented to the
Board which will collectively discuss the results and the action plan for improvement, if appropriate. The Board will also conduct
annual review to the Mechanism and the results will be presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the results and the
action plan for improvement, if appropriate.

During the FY2025, the Board reviewed its independence and the results were satisfactory.

During the FY2025, the Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the Mechanism and the results were
satisfactory.


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS

The Company has adopted The Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “ Model Code” ) as
set forth in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions by the Directors. Having made
specific enquiries to the Directors, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the required standard of dealings as set
forth in the Model Code for the FY2025.


REMUNERATION COMMITTEE

The Remuneration Committee of the Board comprises five members, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor
Samuel, Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P. and The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king G.B.S., J.P. The chairman
of the Remuneration Committee is Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S..

The primary duties of the Remuneration Committee include reviewing the terms of the remuneration packages of and
determining the award of bonuses to Directors and senior management and reviewing and approving matters related to share
schemes. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange. During the FY2025, one
meeting of the Remuneration Committee was held and all the committee members attended this meeting.

Pursuant to code provision E.1.5 of the CG Code, the remuneration of the members of the senior management by band for the
year ended 31 December 2025 is set forth below:

                                                                                                                    Number of
In the band of                                                                                                      individuals

Over RMB10,000,000                                                                                                             2
RMB1,000,001 to RMB8,500,000                                                                                                   8

Details of the Directors’ remuneration is set out in Note 8 to the consolidated financial statements on pages 96 to 99 in this
annual report.



24    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Audit Committee of the Board comprises four independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S, Mr.
WONG Chat Chor Samuel, Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John and The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P. The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-
king, G.B.S., J.P. is the Chairman of the Audit Committee.

The Audit Committee assists the Board to review the financial information and reporting process, evaluate the effectiveness of
internal control systems and oversee the auditing processes of the Group. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of
the Company and the Stock Exchange. The Audit Committee held three meetings during the FY2025 for reviewing the annual
and interim financial results and reports as well as the financial reporting and compliance procedures, internal control and risk
management systems, scope of work and appointment of external auditors, and all the committee members attended these
meetings.


NOMINATION COMMITTEE

The Nomination Committee of the Board consists of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LAM Kwong
Siu, G.B.S., Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel and The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J.P. The chairman of the Nomination
Committee is Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

The primary duties of the Nomination Committee are to review the structure, size and diversity of the Board on a regular basis,
assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors of the Company, and make recommendations to the Board
regarding the appointment, retirement and re-election of Directors. Its terms of reference are posted on the websites of the
Company and the Stock Exchange. The Nomination Committee held one meeting for annual review of board structure and
diversity and the independence of the independent non-executive Directors for the FY2025 and all the committee members
attended this meeting.


NOMINATION POLICY

When making recommendations regarding the appointment of any proposed candidate to the Board or re-appointment of any
existing member(s) of the Board, the Nomination Committee shall consider a variety of factors including without limitation the
following in assessing the suitability of the proposed candidate:

—     Reputation for integrity;

—     Achieve board diversity, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, ethnicity,
      professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;

—     Merit and contribution that candidate will bring to the Board;

—     Compliance with the criteria of independence as prescribed under the Listing Rules for the appointment of an independent
      non-executive Director if the proposed candidate will be nominated as an independent non-executive Director; and

—     Able to devote sufficient time and attention to the Company’ s business.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   25
Corporate Governance Report


The Nomination Committee may propose to the Board a candidate recommended or offered for nomination by a shareholder
of the Company as a nominee for election to the Board and the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
planning for Directors is subject to the approval of the Board.

Procedures for Shareholders’ nomination of any proposed candidate for election as a director are stated in “ Mechanisms
available for shareholders to propose a person for election as a director of the Company” and disclosed in the Company’ s
website.


BOARD DIVERSITY

The Board considers that its diversity is a vital asset to the business and has adopted a board diversity policy for better
transparency and governance. Board appointments are based on merit and candidates are considered against objective criteria,
having due regard for the benefits of diversity on the Board, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. The Company adopted the board
diversity policy (the “ Diversity Policy” ) as required by the CG Code. The Nomination Committee will discuss and agree on
measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend them to the Board for adoption,
as set forth in the Diversity Policy of the Company.

For the purpose of implementation of the Diversity Policy, the following measurable objectives were adopted:

—     At least one member of the Board shall be female.

—     At least one-third of the members of the Board shall be independent non-executive Directors.

The members of the Board, who come from a variety of different backgrounds, have a diverse range of business, and
professional expertise. A majority of the Directors have more than 26 years’ experience serving as an executive officer or a
director of a company in the glass industry. The table below sets forth an analysis of the Board’ s current composition based on
the measurable objectives:

Measurable objective                                   Category                                          Number of Director

Gender                                                 Male                                                                11
                                                       Female                                                                1

Age                                                    41-50                                                                 1
                                                       51-60                                                                 3
                                                       Over 60                                                               8

Professional expertise                                 Glass industry                                                        5
                                                       Account and finance                                                   3
                                                       Automobile parts and property development                             3
                                                       Legal                                                                 1




26    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Based on the foregoing, the composition and diversity of the Board enable the management to benefit from a diverse and
objective external perspective, on issues raised before the Board.

Brief biographical particulars of the Directors, together with information relating to the relationship among them, are set forth
on pages 16 to 19 in this annual report.

The Board currently has one female Director and as such has achieved gender diversity in respect of the Board. The Company
targets to maintain at least the current level of female representation on the Board and strive to ensure the Board is made up
of a reasonable and appropriate proportion of female member by reference to stakeholders’ expectations and international and
local recommended best practices and the pool of qualified candidates.

The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets forth the gender ratio in the
workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as of the date of this annual report:

                                                                                                       Male            Female

Board                                                                                                 91.7%              8.3%
Senior Management                                                                                     90.0%             10.0%
Other employees                                                                                       87.9%             12.1%
Overall workforce                                                                                     87.9%             12.1%

The Nomination Committee was of the opinion that the Board consisted of members with diversified age, cultural and education
background, professional/business experience, skills and knowledge. Further details for the diversity, including the gender
diversity, in the workforce during the FY2025 are set forth in the Environmental, Social and Governance Report dated 30 April
2026 of the Company.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    27
Corporate Governance Report


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The consolidated financial statements of the Company for the FY2025 have been reviewed by the Audit Committee and audited
by the external auditor, Ernst & Young. The Directors acknowledge that it is their responsibilities in (i) overseeing the preparation
of the financial statements of the Group with a view to ensure that such financial statements give a true and fair view of the
state of affairs of the Group and (ii) selecting suitable accounting policies, applying the selected accounting policies consistently,
and making prudent and reasonable judgments and estimates for the preparation of the financial statements of the Group.

The statement of the auditor of the Company regarding their reporting responsibilities on the consolidated financial statements
of the Group is set forth in the Independent Auditor’ s Report on pages 56 to 60 of this annual report.


AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION

For the year under review, the professional fees charged by the auditors of the group companies in respect of the auditing
services is disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements. The remuneration paid to the auditors of the Group is
solely for audit of consolidated financial statements of the Group during the year, which amounted to HK$3.0 million (equivalent
to RMB2.68 million).


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of risk management and internal control
so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of the operations of the Group in achieving the established corporate objectives,
safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.
The systems are designed to provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss, and to
manage rather than eliminate risk of failure to meet the business objectives of the Group.

The key elements of the Group’ s risk management and internal control structure are as follows:

—     Well-defined organisational structure with appropriate segregation of duties, limit of authority, reporting lines and
      responsibilities to minimise risk of errors and abuse;

—     Clear and written policies and procedures have been established and regularly reviewed for major functions and
      operations;

—     Important business functions or activities are managed by experienced, qualified and suitably trained staff;

—     Continuous monitoring of the key operating data and performance indicators, timely and up-to-date business and financial
      reporting, immediate corrective actions are taken where necessary; and

—     Internal audit function to perform independent appraisal of major operations on an ongoing basis.

Through the Audit Committee and the internal audit team, the Board has conducted an annual review on the effectiveness of
risk management and internal control systems of the Group for the FY2025.




28    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
A risk-based approach is adopted to ensure that a methodical coverage of the Group’ s operations and resources are focused
on high risk areas. The internal audit team takes the lead to evaluate the risk management and internal control systems of the
Group by reviewing the major operations of the Group on a rotational basis every year. The review covers all material controls
including financial, operational, compliance controls and risk management. Review results and recommendations in the form
of written reports are submitted to the Audit Committee for discussion and review. Follow up actions will be taken up by the
internal audit team to ensure that findings previously identified have been properly resolved.

Based on the results of the internal control review for the FY2025 and the assessment of the Audit Committee thereon,
no significant deficiency in risk management and internal controls systems are noted. The Board therefore is satisfied that
appropriate and effective risk management and internal control systems have been maintained for the FY2025.


INSIDE INFORMATION POLICY

The Company has established an inside information policy which contains the guidelines to the directors, officers and all relevant
employees (likely possessing the unpublished inside information) of the Group to ensure that the inside information of the
Group is to be disseminated to public in equal and timely manner in accordance with the applicable laws and regulation.


DIRECTORS’ INDUCTION AND CONTINUOUS PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT

The Company provides a comprehensive induction package to all Directors which includes introduction on the business
operations, internal procedures and general policy of the Company and a summary of statutory and regulatory obligations
of directors under the Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations. During the year, the Directors are provided with
regular updates on the Group’ s business, operations, risk management and corporate governance matters to enable the Board
as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties. The Directors are also encouraged to attend both in-house training and
training provided by independent service providers. During the year, all Directors participated in various trainings organised by
the Company, including the “ Disclosure Obligation for Listed Companies and Officers” and “ Update on the requirements under
the Hong Kong Listing Rules, Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance” . According
to the training records maintained by the Company, each Director has confirmed that he/she has obtained reading and training
materials during the year and has attended the trainings in relation to various aspects, including but not limited to, director’ s
duties, update on Listing Rules amendments and corporate governance practices.


COMPANY SECRETARY

The Company Secretary is Mr. LAU Sik Yuen, a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a
member of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. LAU is also the Chief Financial Officer and Vice President
of the Group. He assists the Board by ensuring good information flow within the Board and that the policy and procedures of
the Board are followed. He has taken not less than 15 hours of relevant professional training in 2025, in compliance with Rule
3.29 of the Listing Rules.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025     29
Corporate Governance Report


COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS

The Company endeavours to develop and maintain continuing relationships and effective communications with its Shareholders
and investors. In an effort to facilitate and enhance the relationships and communication, the Company has established
a shareholders communication policy. The Board reviewed the implementation and effectiveness of the shareholders
communication policy and the results were satisfactory. The Company has established the following channels:

(i)     the annual general meeting provides a forum for the Shareholders of the Company to raise comments and exchange
        views with the Board. The Directors are available at the annual general meetings of the Company to address Shareholders’
        queries;

(ii)    the Company maintains a website at www.xinyiglass.com, where updated key information/news of the Group is available
        for public access;

(iii)   interim and annual results are announced as early as possible, to keep the Shareholders of the Company informed of the
        Group’ s performance and operations;

(iv)    investor, analyst and media briefing are held as early as practicable after the publication of the interim and annual results;

(v)     the Company’ s management may meet with Shareholders, potential investors and research analysts upon request and
        provide update of the latest business development of the Group and answer their queries in accordance with the Group’ s
        Inside Information Policy; and

(vi)    Shareholders shall direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’ s branch share registrar in Hong Kong,
        Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

(i)     Procedures for Shareholders to convene a general meeting and putting forward proposals
        Pursuant to Article 64 of the Articles, an extraordinary general meeting (“ EGM” ) shall be convened and resolutions to
        a meeting agenda shall be added on the requisition of one or more Shareholders holding, at the date of deposit of the
        requisition, not less than one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company having the right of voting at general meetings,
        on a one vote per Share basis in the share capital of the Company. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the
        Board or the company secretary of the Company for the purpose of requiring an EGM to be called by the Board for the
        transaction of any business specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of
        such requisition. If within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s)
        himself (themselves) may convene a physical meeting at only one location which will be the principal meeting place, and
        all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to the
        requisitionist(s) by the Company. The requisitionist(s) may add resolutions to a general meeting agenda.




30      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(ii) Procedures for which enquiries may be put to the Board
     Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns with sufficient contact details to the Board at the
     principal place of business of the Company in Hong Kong for the attention of the Company Secretary or via e-mail to
     ir@xinyiglass.com.hk.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

During the year, the Company has made changes to its constitutional documents to be consistent with the latest legal and
regulatory requirements, including the applicable laws of the Cayman Islands and Hong Kong, the new electronic dissemination
rules under the expanded paperless listing regime of the Stock Exchange effective from 31 December 2023 and the creation of
the treasury shares that may be held by the Company as permitted under the Listing Rules. The adoption of the amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association of the Company had obtained shareholders’ approval at the annual general
meeting held on 30 May 2025. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated 30 April 2025 and the
circular of the Company dated 30 April 2025.

The Company’s constitutional documents is available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.


DIVIDEND POLICY

In considering the payment of dividends, the Board shall maintain adequate cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and strike a proper balance between future business growth and rewarding the Shareholders.

Provided that the daily working capital needs of the Group can be satisfied and funding has been reserved for future
development, the Company intends to maintain a relatively stable dividend distribution ratio. However, the Company’ s dividend
distribution record in the past does not necessarily imply that the same level of dividends may be declared or paid by the
Company in the future.

In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall take into account the financial performance and cash flow situation of the
Group, future expansion plans and capital requirements, interests of Shareholders, contractual restrictions on payment of
dividends, taxation considerations, statutory and regulatory restrictions, general economic conditions, business cycle of the
Group’ s business and any other factors that the Board may consider relevant.

The Company may declare and pay dividends by way of cash or scrip or by other means that the Board considers appropriate.
Any dividend unclaimed shall be forfeited and shall revert to the Company in accordance with the Articles.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   31
Report of the Directors


The Directors are pleased to present their report and the audited financial statements of the Group for the FY2025.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND GEOGRAPHICAL ANALYSIS OF OPERATIONS

The principal activity of the Company is investment holding whereas its subsidiaries are principally engaged in the production
and sales of float glass products, automobile glass products, construction glass products and a variety of related products in the
PRC, Malaysia and Indonesia. Particulars of the subsidiaries of the Company are set forth in Note 13 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report.

The analysis of the Group’ s performance for the FY2025 by operating segments is set forth in Note 5 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.


RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS

The results of the Group for the FY2025 are set forth in the consolidated statement of profit or loss on page 61 in this annual
report. During the financial year, an interim dividend of 12.5 HK cents per Share, amounting to a total of RMB501.8 million,
was paid to the Shareholders in cash or partially settled by the issuance of scrip shares in respect of scrip dividend on Friday, 10
October 2025.


FINAL DIVIDEND

The Board has recommended the payment of a final dividend (the “ Final Dividend” ) of 21.5 HK cents per Share for the FY2025.
The recommendation of payment of the Final Dividend is subject to the approval of the Shareholders at the AGM which is
expected to be held on Friday, 29 May 2026. If approved by the Shareholders, it is expected that the Final Dividend will be paid
to the Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on Monday, 8 June 2026.

Shareholders will be given an option to receive the Final Dividend in cash or in new and fully paid shares of the Company, in
whole or in part, in lieu of cash dividend by scrip dividend (the “Scrip Dividend Scheme”). The Scrip Dividend Scheme is subject
to the Stock Exchange granting the listing of, and permission to deal in, the new shares to be allotted and issued under the Scrip
Dividend Scheme.

The Company will announce separately further information on the Scrip Dividend Scheme which includes the market value
of the scrip shares under the Scrip Dividend Scheme which is expected to represent a discount to the average closing price
per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for the five consecutive trading days commencing on Tuesday, 2 June 2026 until
Monday, 8 June 2026 (both days inclusive) rounded down to two decimal places.


BUSINESS REVIEW AND PROSPECTS

A business review of the Group for the FY2025 and its future development is set forth in the Chairman’ s Statement from pages
4 to 8 and Management’ s Discussion and Analysis from pages 9 to 15 of this annual report.




32    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
RESERVES

Details of movements in the reserves of the Group and of the Company during the financial year are set forth in Note 25 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS

During year under review and to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group had obtained and completed all material
licenses, certifications, permits and registration necessary for its business operations, and that the Group had complied in all
material aspects with all laws, rules and regulations that have a significant impact on the Group’ s business and operations.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE

The Group’ s float glass production may generate air pollutants, waste water and other industrial waste at different stages of the
production process. To ensure compliance with the applicable PRC environmental protection laws and regulations, the Group
has implemented the following environmental protection measures:

—    Energy – Natural gas has been used as the principal energy source for the Group’ s glass melting furnaces.

—    Power generation from residual heat – The Group’ s float glass production plants have used the residual heat generated in
      the production processes for electricity generation.

—    Glass recycling – Scraped and unused glass produced during the production process have been recycled to the glass
      melting furnaces for production of float glass products.

Over the past few years, the Group has owned one wind farm project in Anhui Province and several small solar farm projects
inside the production complexes, which can help to improve air quality and the environment by reducing the consumption of
fossil fuels and emission of carbon dioxide.

In March 2019, the Group passed the Green Finance Certification of the Hong Kong Quality Assurance Agency and was
awarded the Pre-issuance Stage Certificate for Green Finance, confirming that the Group’ s energy saving Low-e coating
architectural glass projects meet the requirements of green projects. The Group will actively promote financial innovation,
increase the exploration of green finance, expand the Group’ s funding channels through green financing, and ensure our
sustainable development.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”) REPORT

The Group is in the process of preparing its ESG report for the FY2025 and will publish it on the Stock Exchange’ s website and
the Company’ s website on or before 30 April 2026.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025      33
Report of the Directors


RELATIONSHIP WITH CUSTOMERS, SUPPLIERS AND EMPLOYEES

The Group values relationships with, and have been maintaining good relationships with its customers, raw material and
equipment suppliers, logistics service providers and the employees of the Group. During the FY2025, there were no material
dispute between the Group and its customers, suppliers and employees.

Customers are the Company’ s greatest assets. Xinyi Glass is committed to the production of quality float glass, automobile
glass and architectural glass, with great emphasis on product quality and reputation. Over the years, the Company has
already established a professional and reliable corporate image among the customers. Xinyi Glass has been maintaining the
harmonious partnership of equal footing, honest cooperation and mutual benefits with suppliers. Supplier management has
been standardised. Supplier assessment system has been improved through tendering and procurement. This is to create a fair
and just competition environment for suppliers. Xinyi Glass adheres to the philosophy of “ People-Oriented” and is committed to
providing the employees with a safe and healthy work environment. The staff members are encouraged to show their creativity
and potential, realising the co-development of the staff and the enterprise.


PRINCIPAL RISK AND UNCERTAINIES

The business performance of the Group is subject to the following principal risks and uncertainties:


Float glass business
—     The levels of demand and supply of float glass are not entirely within the Group’ s control and are generally affected by
      construction and building materials industries, the overall macroeconomic factors in the principal property market, and the
      production capacity of other float glass manufacturers.

—     The Group may not be able to adjust its production levels promptly in response to the changing market environment and
      as a result, any unbalance between the demand and supply of float glass could create significant pressure on the selling
      prices.

—     As a float glass manufacturer, the Group follows the technology development which may cause demand for its float glass
      products to be reduced significantly.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

—     The PRC environmental policies on air emission would affect the industry capacity and production costs.


Automobile glass business
—     The international trade war or extra import tariff or anti-dumping tax would affect the overseas sales.

—     The fluctuation of USD exchange rate would affect the overseas demand.

—     The international oil price would affect the transportation cost.




34    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Architectural glass business
—     The PRC property and financial policies would affect the demand of the architectural glass.

—     The levels of demand and supply of architectural glass are not entirely within the Group’ s control and generally affected by
      the property and building industries.

—     The Group also relies on a constant supply of energy and raw materials for its production requirement.

All of the above factors could adversely and materially affect the Group’ s operating results and profitability.

Details of the Group’ s exposure to foreign exchange and other financial risks are set forth in the section headed “ Treasury
Policies and Exposure to Fluctuations in Foreign Exchange Rates” in the Management’ s Discussion and Analysis and the
paragraphs under “ Financial Risk Management Objective and Policies” in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements of this
annual report.


FINANCIAL SUMMARY

A summary of the operating results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set forth in the
section headed “ Financial Summary” in this annual report.


INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

Details of this movement in investment properties of the Group during the year are set forth in Note 17 to the consolidated
financial statements in this annual report.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

Details of the movements in property, plant and equipment of the Group during the year under review are set forth in Note 15
to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


DONATIONS

Donations by the Group for charitable and other purposes during the financial year amounted to RMB10,086,000 (2024:
RMB4,267,000).


SHARE CAPITAL

Details of the movements in share capital of the Company during the year under review are set forth in Note 23 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.




                                                                           XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025        35
Report of the Directors


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

Under the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands, as of 31 December 2025, share premium amounting to RMB2,603.1 million
(2024: RMB3,048.1 million) was distributable to Shareholders, subject to the condition that immediately following the date on
which the distribution or dividend is proposed to be made, the Company is able to pay its debts as they fall due in the ordinary
course of business.

As of 31 December 2025, the Company had distributable reserves available for distribution to Shareholders amounting to
RMB199.4 million (2024: RMB140.4 million) other than mentioned above.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There is no provision for pre-emptive rights under the Articles or the laws of the Cayman Islands, which would oblige the
Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the financial year and up to the date of this annual report were:


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (Chairman)*
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M (Vice Chairman)
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. LEE Shing Kan, M.H.*


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LI Ching Wai
Mr. SZE Nang Sze
Mr. LI Ching Leung
Mr. NG Ngan Ho*


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. LAM Kwong Siu, G.B.S.
Mr. WONG Chat Chor Samuel*
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John
The Hon. Starry LEE Wai-king, G.B.S., J,P.

*     The Directors will retire from the directorship at the forthcoming AGM pursuant to article 108 of the Articles and all of them are being
      eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming AGM.




36    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
INDEPENDENCE OF THE INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

The Company has received from the independent non-executive Directors the confirmations of their independence pursuant to
Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The Company considers all the independent non-executive Directors to be independent.


DIRECTORS‘ SERVICE CONTRACTS

None of the Directors who are proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has entered or has proposed to enter into any
service agreements with the Company or any other member of the Group which is not determinable by the Company within
one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation).


DIRECTORS‘ REMUNERATION

The Company‘ s policies concerning remuneration of the executive Directors are:

(i)     the amount of remuneration is determined on the basis of the relevant executive Director‘ s experience, responsibility,
        workload and the time devoted to the Group;

(ii)    non-cash benefits may be provided to the executive Directors under their remuneration package;

(iii)   the executive Directors may be granted, at the discretion of the board of Directors, options pursuant to the share option
        scheme, as part of their remuneration package; and

(iv)    annual director fee of HK$300,000 for the year ended 31 December 2025, and HK$300,000 for the year ending 31
        December 2026.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each non-executive Director in 2025, none of the non-executive Directors
received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature) from the Group.

Save for the annual director fee of HK$300,000 for each independent non-executive Director in 2025, none of the independent
non-executive Directors received any other emoluments (including bonus payments, whether fixed or discretionary in nature)
from the Group. Such emoluments were determined with reference to the duties and responsibilities of each independent non-
executive Director and their mutual agreement with the Company.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS, TRANSACTIONS AND ARRANGEMENTS

No contracts, transactions and arrangements of significance in relation to the Group’ s business to which the Company or its
subsidiaries was a party and in which a Director had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
financial year or at any time during the year.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the year.




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025       37
Report of the Directors


SHARE OPTION SCHEME

The Company has adopted a share option scheme (the “2015 Share Option Scheme”) on 18 January 2015 for the purpose of
providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who have contributed to the success of the Group’s operations. The
2015 Share Option Scheme was expired on 17 January 2025. During the FY2025, no share option has been granted, exercised,
lapsed and cancelled under the 2015 Share Option Scheme.

The Company has adopted a new share option scheme (the “2025 Share Option Scheme”) on 30 May 2025. A summary of
the principal terms of the 2025 Share Option Scheme is as follows:


(i)    Purpose

       The 2025 Share Option Scheme is established to recognise and acknowledge the contributions the Eligible Participants
       (as defined below) had or may have made to the Group and to provide the Eligible Participants an opportunity to have a
       personal stake in the Company with the view to achieving the following objectives:

       (a)   motivate the Eligible Participants to optimise their performance efficiency for the benefit of the Group and

       (b)   attract and retain or otherwise maintain on-going business relationship with the Eligible Participants whose
             contributions are or will be beneficial to the long-term growth of the Group.


(ii)   Participants

       The participants (the “Eligible Participants”) of the 2025 Share Option Scheme include:

       (a)   the director(s) and employee(s) of any member of the Group (including persons who are granted options under
             the 2025 Share Option Scheme as an inducement to enter into employment contracts with these companies) (the
             “Employee Participants”);

       (b)   the director(s) and employee(s) of any of the holding companies, fellow subsidiaries or associated companies of any
             member of the Group (the “Related Entity Participants”); and

       (c)   any person or entity which are independent third parties and provide services to the Group on an arm’s length
             basis and continuing or recurring basis in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group where the
             continuity and frequency of their services are akin to those employees of the Group and exclude (a) placing agents
             or financial advisers providing advisory services for fund-raising and merger and acquisition transaction and (b)
             professional service providers who are required to provide their services in accordance with professional standards
             with impartiality and objectivity (the “Service Provider Participants”). The Service Provider Participants may be
             categorised into (a) long-term service providers of the Group, which provide production equipment installation and
             logistics services to the Group and (b) professional consultants engaged by the Group on a regular basis for the
             support of the Group’s continuous developments of production knowhow and technology.




38     XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
(iii) Maximum number of shares available for issue

       The total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards to be granted under the 2025 Share
       Option Scheme and other share schemes of the Group must not in aggregate exceed 435,719,291 Shares, representing
       10% of the total number of Shares issue as of the date of adoption of the 2025 Share Option Scheme (the “Scheme
       Mandate Limit”). Options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2025 Share Option Scheme will not be regarded as
       utilised for the purpose of calculating the Scheme Mandate Limit.

       Within the Scheme Mandate Limit, the total number of Shares which may be issued in respect of all options and awards
       to be granted to the Service Provider Participants under the 2025 Share Option Scheme and other share schemes of the
       Group must not in aggregate exceed 21,785,964 Shares, representing 0.5% of the total number of Shares in issue as of
       the date of adoption of the 2025 Share Option Scheme (the “Service Provider Sublimit”). Options lapsed in accordance
       with the terms of the 2025 Share Option Scheme will not be regarded as utilised for the purpose of calculating the
       Scheme Mandate Limit and the Service Provider Sublimit.

       The total number of Shares available for issue under the 2025 Share Option Scheme was 400,700,791, representing 9.06%
       of the issued Shares (excluding treasury shares) as of the date of this annual report.


(iv)   Maximum entitlements to each Eligible Participants

       Where any grant of options to an Eligible Participant would result in the Shares issued and to be issued in respect of all
       options granted to such person (excluding any options lapsed in accordance with the terms of the 2025 Share Option
       Scheme) in the 12-month period up to and including the date of such grant representing in aggregate over 1% of the Shares
       in issue, such grant must be separately approved by the Shareholders in general meeting with such Eligible Participant and
       his close associates (or associates if the Eligible Participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.


(v)    Option period

       In respect of any particular option, the option period’s to be determined and notified by the Board to the grantee at the
       time of making an offer which shall not expire later than 10 years from the date of grant.


(vi)   Vesting period

       The vesting period in respect of any share option shall not be less than 12 months (or such other period as the Listing
       Rules may prescribe or permit from time to time). Share options granted to Employee Participants may be subject to a
       shorter vesting period as determined by (i) the Remuneration Committee if such Employee Participant is a Director or a
       senior manager (as defined under rule 17.01A of the Listing Rules) of the Company, or (ii) the Board if such Employee
       Participant is not a Director or a senior manager (as defined under rule 17.01A of the Listing Rules) of the Company.


(vii) Acceptance and payment on acceptance

       An offer is deemed to be accepted when the Company receives from the grantee the offer letter signed by the grantee
       within 30 days from the date of grant specifying the number of Shares in respect of which the offer is accepted and a
       remittance to the Company of HK$1.0 as consideration for the grant of share option.




                                                                            XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   39
Report of the Directors


(viii) Exercise price of share options granted

         The subscription price shall be determined by the Board in its absolute discretion but in any event shall not be less than the
         higher of

         (a)          the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of
                      grant, which must be a Business Day; and

         (b)          the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the
                      five Business Days immediately preceding the date of grant.


(ix)     Remaining life of the 2025 Share Option Scheme

         The 2025 Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of ten years commenced on 30 May 2025.

The following table sets forth movements in the share options of the Company for the FY2025:


                                                     Closing
                                                 price of the
                                                  Company’s
                                                      shares
                                                 immediately
                                      Exercise    before the                                                                          Number of share options
                                         price    grant date                                                                                                                            At
                         Grant date     (HK$)          (HK$)    Vesting period        Exercise period      At 1/1/2025     Granted    Exercised        Expired    Forfeited      31/12/2025

Continuous contract      2/3/2021       23.35          23.70    2/3/2021-31/12/2023   1/4/2024-31/3/2025    28,071,300           —           —     (28,071,300)           —              —
  employees              1/3/2022       21.80          20.75    1/3/2022-31/12/2024   1/4/2025-31/3/2026    29,422,060           —           —              —     (1,656,660)    27,765,400
                         1/3/2023      15.524          14.66    1/3/2023-31/12/2025   1/4/2026-31/3/2027    30,935,995           —           —              —     (1,681,672)    29,254,323
                         1/3/2024        8.04           8.00    1/3/2024-31/12/2026   1/4/2027-31/3/2028    33,990,000           —           —              —     (1,726,004)    32,263,996
                         9/6/2025        7.88           7.83    9/6/2025-31/12/2027   1/4/2028-31/3/2029            —    38,000,000          —              —     (2,981,500)    35,018,500

Total                                                                                                      122,419,355   38,000,000          —     (28,071,300)   (8,045,836)   124,302,219


During the FY2025, 38,000,000 share options were granted under the 2025 Share Option Scheme. The fair value of the equity-
settled share options granted under the 2025 Share Option Scheme during the FY2025 was estimated at HK$1.9076. The value
of the share options granted during the FY2025 is to be expensed through the Group’ s income statement over the three-year
vesting period of the share options.




40       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
The fair value of share options granted by the Company during the FY2025 was determined in accordance with the valuation
performed by an independent valuer using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Such model is one of the commonly used
models to estimate the fair value of an option. The significant variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of the
share options are set forth in the table below. The value of an option varies with different variables of a number of subjective
assumptions. Any change in the variables so adopted may materially affect the estimation of the fair value of an option.

Share price at the grant date (HK$)                                                                                       HK$7.88
Exercise price (HK$)                                                                                                      HK$7.88
Volatility (%)                                                                                                          45.1692%
Dividend yield (%)                                                                                                       5.2030%
Expected share option life (years)                                                                           3 years and 4 months
Annual risk-free rate (%)                                                                                                2.1576%

The number of share options available for grant under the 2015 Share Option Scheme was 117,906,615 share options as of
1 January 2025. The 2015 Share option Scheme was expired on 17 January 2025, therefore no share option was available for
grant as of 31 December 2025.


As of 31 December 2025, the number of share options available for grant under the 2025 Share Option Scheme was
400,700,791 and the number of share options available for grant under the service provider sublimit of the 2025 Share Option
Scheme was 21,785,964.

The number of Shares that may be issued in respect of the share options granted under the 2025 Share Option Scheme during
the FY2025 divided by the weighted average number of the Shares in issue for the FY2025 is 0.87%.

During the year ended 31 December 2025, a total of 38,000,000 share options granted to the Company’ s employee participants
and/or senior management (the “ Grantees” ) of the Company, among of which 12,666,666 share options, representing one
third of the total share options granted, vested on 31 December 2025. Having considered that (i) such share options vested
where the performance target are satisfied during the performance period commenced from 1 January 2025 and ended on 31
December 2025, which is not less than 12 months, and (ii) the total vesting and holding period of the share options is more than
12 months, the Remuneration Committee and the Board consider that the grant of such share options with a shorter vesting
period could align the interests of the Grantees with that of the Company and the Shareholders, reward and provide incentive
to the Grantees to work towards success of the Group, and reinforce their commitment to long-term services of the Group,
which is in line with the purpose of the 2025 Share Option Scheme.

The vesting of the share options granted to the Grantees is subject to satisfaction of certain performance targets as determined
by the Board at its absolute discretion. Such performance targets include, but without limitation to, and where appropriate, (a)
sales performance (e.g. revenue and profit); (b) operational performance (e.g. production yield and cost control and turnover
rate); and (c) financial performance (e.g. profits, cash flow, earnings, market capitalisation and return on equity) of the Group as
a whole and of the applicable business. Also, the Company has established a standard performance appraisal system to evaluate
the performance and contribution of the Grantees, including but not limited to, the individual’s overall performance indicators
(e.g. strategic driving abilities, talent development capabilities, inter-departmental cooperation capabilities and adherence to
corporate culture) and discipline and responsibility (e.g. punctuality, integrity, honesty or compliance with internal procedures).




                                                                          XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025       41
Report of the Directors


The Board may in its absolute discretion determine that the Options granted may be subject to clawback in the event of,
including but not limited to, a material misstatement in the Company’s financial statements, fraud or persistent and serious
misconduct by the Grantee, performance targets that have been assessed or calculated inaccurately, and any criminal convictions
that related to the Grantee’s integrity or honesty. The Company may (a) clawback all or a specified part of the Options granted
as the Board may consider appropriate and/or (b) request the Grantees to return in whole or in part of the income and/or
benefits generated from the exercised Options.

Saved as disclosed above, the Company did not make any grant of share options to the Directors and/or senior management as
set forth in Rules 17.03F, 17.06B(7) and 17.06B(8) of the Listing Rules during the FY2025.

Further details of the 2015 Share Option Scheme and the 2025 Share Option Scheme are set forth in Note 24 to the
consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical details of Directors and senior management are set forth on pages 16 to 20 of this annual report.


DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’ S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES,
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS

As of 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
the underlying Shares and debentures of the Company and its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “ SFO” )), as recorded in the register required to be (a) notified to the Company and the
Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were
taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (b) entered in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section
352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:




42    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
INTERESTS IN THE COMPANY

Long positions in the Shares

                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                      percentage of the
                                                                                        Number of     Company’s issued
Name of Directors              Nature of interest                                      Shares held         share capital

Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.        Interest of a controlled corporation (Note a)           837,085,608               18.92%
                               Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            55,945,130                1.26%
                               Interest of a controlled corporation (Note b)            77,377,622                1.75%
                               Personal interest (Note c)                              144,691,282                3.27%
Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor Interest of a controlled corporation (Note d)                284,360,358                6.43%
  D.C.S.M                      Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            55,945,130                1.26%
                               Personal interest (Note e)                               72,140,471                1.63%
Tan Sri Datuk TUNG             Interest of a controlled corporation (Note f)           288,498,214                6.52%
Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            55,945,130                1.26%
                               Spouse interest (Note g)                                261,293,757                 5.91%
Mr. LI Ching Wai               Interest of a controlled corporation (Note h)           127,260,324                 2.88%
                               Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            55,945,130                 1.26%
                               Personal interest                                        10,459,018                 0.24%
Mr. SZE Nang Sze               Interest of a controlled corporation (Note i)           135,285,267                 3.06%
                               Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            55,945,130                 1.26%
                               Personal interst                                          1,613,348                 0.04%
Mr. NG Ngan Ho                 Interest of a controlled corporation (Note j)            86,030,769                 1.94%
                               Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            55,945,130                 1.26%
                               Personal interest                                         3,234,112                 0.07%
Mr. LI Ching Leung             Interest of a controlled corporation (Note k)            90,129,739                 2.04%
                               Interest of a controlled corporation (Note n)            55,945,130                 1.26%
                               Personal interest                                         7,422,861                 0.17%
                               Spouse interest (Note l)                                    429,936              0.0097%
Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John Personal interest                                                  10,000              0.0002%
                               Spouse interest (Note m)                                     90,000               0.002%




                                                                    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   43
Report of the Directors


Notes:

(a)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’ s interests in the Shares are held through Realbest Investment Limited (“ Realbest” ), a company incorporated in the
         British Virgin Islands (the “ BVI“ ) with limited liability and wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

(b)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’ s interests in the Shares are held through Xin Yuen Investment Limited (“ Xin Yuen” ), a company incorporated in
         the BVI with limited liability. Xin Yuen is 100% owned by Xin Wong Investment Limited (“ Xin Wong” ), a company incorporated in the
         BVI with limited liability. Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. and 50% owned by his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(c)      Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.’ s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam TUNG Hai Chi.

(d)      Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor’ s interests in the Shares are held through High Park Technology Limited (“ High Park” ), a company
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor.

(e)      Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor’ s interests in the Shares are held through a joint account with his spouse, Madam KUNG Sau Wai.

(f)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.’ s interests in the Shares are held through Copark Investment Limited (“ Copark” ), a company
         incorporated in the BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai, J.P..

(g)      Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai J.P.’ s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Puan Sri Datin SZE Tan Hung.

(h)      Mr. LI Ching Wai’ s interests in the Shares are held through Goldbo International Limited (“ Goldbo” ), a company incorporated in the BVI
         with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(i)      Mr. SZE Nang Sze’ s interests in the Shares are held through Goldpine Limited (“ Goldpine” ), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(j)      Mr. NG Ngan Ho’ s interests in the Shares are held through Linkall Investment Limited (“ Linkall” ), a company incorporated in the BVI with
         limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(k)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’ s interests in the Shares are held through Herosmart Holdings Limited (“ Herosmart” ), a company incorporated in the
         BVI with limited liability and wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(l)      Mr. LI Ching Leung’ s interests in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam DY Maria Lumin.

(m)      Dr. TRAN Chuen Wah, John’ s interest in the Shares are held through his spouse, Madam LAM Ying.

(n)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang Holdings Limited (“ Full Guang” ), a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability. Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
         Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P . as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai. as to 5.56%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09%,
         Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%, Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.




44       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS

                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                            Class and number                 percentage of
                                                                                                 of shares held              the associated
                                                                                             in the associated                corporation’s
Name of associated corporation               Name of Director                                      corporation         issued share capital

Realbest (Note o)                            Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                           2 ordinary shares                       100%
Xin Wong (Note p)                            Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                            1 ordinary share                        50%
High Park (Note q)                           Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M                 2 ordinary shares                       100%
Copark (Note r)                              Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai                      2 ordinary shares                       100%
                                               P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.

Goldbo (Note s)                              Mr. LI Ching Wai                                  2 ordinary shares                       100%
Linkall (Note t)                             Mr. NG Ngan Ho                                    2 ordinary shares                       100%
Goldpine (Note u)                            Mr. SZE Nang Sze                                  2 ordinary shares                       100%
Herosmart (Note v)                           Mr. LI Ching Leung                                2 ordinary shares                       100%
Full Guang (Note w)                          Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                     734,000 ordinary shares                     33.98%
                                             Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M           350,000 ordinary shares                     16.20%
                                             Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai                350,000 ordinary shares                     16.20%
                                               P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.

                                             Mr. LI Ching Wai                            120,000 ordinary shares                       5.56%
                                             Mr. NG Ngan Ho                               80,000 ordinary shares                       3.70%
                                             Mr. SZE Nang Sze                            110,000 ordinary shares                       5.09%
                                             Mr. LI Ching Leung                           80,000 ordinary shares                       3.70%


Notes:

(o)      Realbest is wholly-owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

(p)      Xin Wong is 50% owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S..

(q)      High Park is wholly-owned by Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M .

(r)      Copark is wholly-owned by Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. .

(s)      Goldbo is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Wai.

(t)      Linkall is wholly-owned by Mr. NG Ngan Ho.

(u)      Goldpine is wholly-owned by Mr. SZE Nang Sze.

(v)      Herosmart is wholly-owned by Mr. LI Ching Leung.

(w)      Full Guang is owned by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG
         Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P. as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09%,
         Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.




                                                                                  XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025          45
Report of the Directors


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Directors or chief executive
of the Company had or was deemed under the SFO to have any interests or short positions in any of the Shares, underlying
Share and debentures of the Company and any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
was required to be (a) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); (b) entered
in the register kept by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (c) notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As of 31 December 2025, the interests and short positions of the persons, other than Directors and chief executive of the
Company, in the Shares and the underlying Shares of the Company, as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3
of Part XV of the SFO, or which were recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of
the SFO, were as follows:

                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                           percentage of the
Name of substantial                                                                        Number of       Company’s issued
shareholders                     Nature of interest                              (L/S)*    Shares held          share capital

Realbest                         Registered and beneficial owner                  (L)     837,085,608                18.92%
High Park                        Registered and beneficial owner                  (L)     284,360,358                 6.43%
Copark                           Registered and beneficial owner                  (L)     288,498,214                 6.52%
Mr. LEE Sing Din                 Interest of a controlled corporation (Note x)    (L)     280,709,247                 6.34%
                                 Interest of a controlled corporation (Note y)    (L)       55,945,130                1.26%
                                 Personal interest (Note z)                       (L)       59,797,826                1.35%
Madam SZE Tan Hung               Personal interest                                (L)     261,293,757                 5.91%
                                 Spouse interest (Note aa)                        (L)     344,443,344                 7.79%

JP Morgan Chase & Co.            Beneficial owner                                 (L)       66,414,269                1.50%
     (“JPMC”)                    Investment manager                               (L)        1,906,501                0.04%
                                 Person having a security interest in shares      (L)          433,374                0.01%
                                 Approved lending agent                           (L)     148,140,358                 3.35%

                                 Sub-total                                                216,894,502                 4.90%
                                                                                              (Note ab)

                                 Beneficial owner                                 (S)       41,766,753                0.94%
                                 Investment manager                               (S)            2,000            0.00005%

                                 Sub-total                                                  41,768,753                0.94%
                                                                                               (Note ac)


*       (L) represents Long Position; (S) represents Short Position.

46      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
Notes:

(x)      Mr. LEE Sing Din’ s interest in the Shares are held through Telerich Investment Limited, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited
         liability and wholly owned by Mr. LEE Sing Din, brother-in-law of Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.

(y)      The interest in the Shares are held through Full Guang, a company incorporated in the BVI with limited liability. Full Guang is owned by
         Dr. LEE Yin Yee S.B.S. as to 33.98%, Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor D.C.S.M , as to 16.20%, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P.
         as to 16.20%, Mr. LEE Sing Din as to 11.85%, Mr. LI Ching Wai as to 5.56%, Mr. SZE Nang Sze as to 5.09%, Mr. NG Ngan Ho as to 3.70%,
         Mr. LI Man Yin as to 3.70% and Mr. LI Ching Leung as to 3.70%.

(z)      Mr. LEE Sing Din also has 2,789,294 Shares held in his own name and 57,008,532 Shares through a joint account with his spouse,
         Madam LI Kam Ha.

(aa)     Madam SZE Tan Hung’ s interest in the Shares are held through her spouse, Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P .

(ab)     It included an aggregate interest in 12,803,518 underlying Shares through JPMC’s holding of certain unlisted derivatives (physically
         settled: 2,399,065 Shares; cash settled: 10,404,453 Shares).

(ac)     It included interest in 6,000 underlying Shares through JPMC’s holding of certain listed derivatives in cash settled and an aggregate
         interest in 2,649,016 underlying Shares through JPMC’s holding of certain unlisted derivatives (physically settled: 2,398,130 Shares; cash
         settled: 250,886 Shares).


Save as disclosed above, as of 31 December 2025, the Directors were not aware of any other person having an interests or short
positions in the Shares and the underlying Shares as notified to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the
SFO or as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTEREST IN COMPETING BUSINESS

As of 31 December 2025, none of the Directors and their respective associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) or any controlling
shareholder (as defined in the Listing Rules), if any, of the Company had any interest in a business, which competes or may
compete with the business of the Group.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS

During the FY2025, appropriate insurance covering for the Directors’ and senior management’ s liabilities arising out of activities
of the Group has been arranged by the Company. As of the date of this annual report, such insurance covering remained
effective.




                                                                                    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025           47
Report of the Directors


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES

At no time during the year was the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate and
neither the Directors or the chief executive, nor any of their spouses or children under the age of 18, had any right to subscribe
for the securities of the Company, or had exercised any such right.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

The percentage of sales and purchases for continuing operation for the year attributable to the Group’ s major customers and
suppliers are as follows:


Sales
– the largest customer                                                                                                        4.3%
– five largest customers in aggregate                                                                                         9.3%


Purchases
– the largest supplier                                                                                                        5.4%
– five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                                     22.3%

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholder of the Company which, to the best knowledge of the Directors,
owned more than 5% of the Company’ s issued share capital, had any interest in the share capital of the Group’ s five largest
customers and five largest suppliers.


BANK BORROWINGS

The total bank borrowings of the Group as of 31 December 2025 amounted to RMB4,804.2 million (2024: RMB7,313.1 million).
Particulars of the bank borrowings are set forth in Note 27 to the consolidated financial statements in this annual report.


REWARD FOR EMPLOYEES

As of 31 December 2025, we employed 16,057 employees in the PRC, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Indonesia, Canada, Saudi Arabia
and Japan. Our employees are remunerated with monthly salary, subject to annual review and discretionary bonuses. Our
employees are also entitled, subject to eligibility, to retirement fund and provident fund and to participate in the Share Option
Scheme. We place strong emphasis on nurturing a continuous learning culture amongst the employees and implement a variety
of programs to promote training.




48    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the FY2025 are set forth in Note 32 to the consolidated financial
statements in this annual report. Some of these transactions also constitute “ Continuing Connected Transactions” under the
Listing Rules, as identified below.


Connected transaction
During the FY2025, the Group had the following connected transaction, details of which are set forth below:

Sale of the equity interest in Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai) Company Limited

On 23 December 2025, the Group, as one of the vendors, entered into the equity transfer agreement (the “Equity Transfer
Agreement”) with Anhui Xinyi Power Source Company Limited* (安徽信義電源有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinyi
Electric Storage, as one of the vendors, and Xinyi Solar (Fanchang) Company Limited (信義光能(繁昌)有限公司) (“Xinyi Energy
(Fanchang)”), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of Xinyi Solar and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Xinyi Energy, as the purchaser,
in relation to the sale of equity interest of Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai) Company Limited (金寨信義風能有限公司) owned by the
Group to Xinyi Energy (Fanchang) at a total consideration of RMB62.0 million. Each of Xinyi Solar and Xinyi Energy is a company
with common controlling shareholders with the Company, and is therefore Xinyi Energy (Fanchang) is a connected person of
the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the Equity Transfer Agreement constitutes a connected transaction for the
Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


Continuing connected transactions
During the FY2025, the Group had the following continuing connected transactions, details of which are set forth below:


1)   Sales of machineries
      As disclosed in the Company’ s announcement dated 30 December 2024, Anhui Xinyi Intelligent Machinery Company
      Limited (“ Anhui Xinyi Machinery” ), a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a production
      equipment purchase agreement (the “ 2025 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement” ) dated 30 December 2024
      with a member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production equipment and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar
      Group by Anhua Xinyi Machinery for the FY2025. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions
      contemplated under the 2025 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement for the FY2025 are RMB168,800,000
      and RMB1,186,000, respectively. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its
      subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2025 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement
      constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                        XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   49
Report of the Directors


2)   Purchase of Silica Sand
     As disclosed in the Company’ s announcement dated 30 December 2024, the Group entered into an agreement (the “ 2025
     Silica Sand Sales Agreement” ) dated 30 December 2024 with Hepu Xinyi Mining Co., Ltd. (“ Hepu Xinyi” ), a wholly-
     owned subsidiary of Xinyi Solar, in relation to the purchase of silica sand from Hepu Xiniyi by the Group for the FY2025.
     The purpose of entering into the Silica Sand Sales Agreement was to reduced transportation cost and secure an additional
     source of supply of silica sand in the vicinity. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions
     contemplated under the 2025 Silica Sand Sales Agreement for the FY2025 are RMB71,000,000 and nil, respectively. Since
     the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi
     Solar. Accordingly, the 2025 Silica Sand Sales Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company
     under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


3)   Sales of automobile glass products
     As disclosed in the Company’ s announcement dated 11 December 2024, the Group entered into a glass supply agreement
     (the “ 2024 Glass Supply Agreement”) with Xinyi Automobile Glass Company Limited (“ Xinyi Automobile Glass (HK)” ),
     a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation to the sales of automobile glass products to Xinyi Electric Storage and
     its subsidiaries by the Group for the three years ending 31 December 2027. The annual cap and the actual transaction
     amount of the transactions contemplated under the 2024 Glass Supply Agreement for the FY2025 is HK$10,200,000
     (equivalent to RMB9,175,000) and HK$9,562,000 (equivalent to RMB8,857,000), respectively. Since the controlling
     shareholders of the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares
     of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Automobile Glass (HK) is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the
     2024 Glass Supply Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules.


4)   Wind farm management services
     As disclosed in the Company’ s announcement dated 31 October 2023, the Group entered into a wind farm management
     agreement (the “ 2023 Wind Farm Management Agreement” ) with Anhui Xinyi New Material Technology Company
     Limited (“ Anhui Xinyi” ), a subsidiary of Xinyi Electric Storage for management services for the operation of the wind
     farm owned by the Group. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transaction contemplated under the
     2023 Wind Farm Management Agreement for the FY2025 is RMB10,000,000 and RMB9,434,000. Since the controlling
     shareholders of the Company and their respective associates are in aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares
     of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Anhui Xinyi is a connected person of the Company. Accordingly, the 2023 Wind Farm
     Management Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the
     Listing Rules.




50   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5)    Purchase of electric storage products
      As disclosed in the Company’ s announcement dated 31 October 2023, the Group entered into a sales of battery packs
      and energy storage systems agreement (the “ XYG Sales Framework Agreement” ) with Xinyi Electric Storage, in relation
      to purchase of lithium battery packs, direct-current lithium battery systems, uninterruptible power supply lithium battery
      systems, lithium battery energy storage systems and other lithium battery products from Xinyi Electric Storage and its
      subsidiaries for the terms of three years ending on 31 December 2026. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount
      of the transactions contemplated under the XYG Sales Framework Agreement for the FY2025 is RMB14,300,000 and
      RMB8,351,000, respectively. Since the controlling shareholders of the Company and their respective associates are in
      aggregate interested in more than 30% of the shares of Xinyi Electric Storage in issue, Xinyi Electric Storage is a connected
      person of the Company. Accordingly, the XYG Sales Framework Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions
      for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


6)    Lease agreements
      As disclosed in the Company’ s announcement dated 30 June 2023, the Group entered into six lease agreements (the
      “ Lease Agreements” ) dated 30 June 2023 with the Xinyi Solar Group in relation to the lease of the properties to the Xinyi
      Solar Group for the fixed terms of three years ending on 30 June 2026. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder
      of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Lease Agreements
      constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


7)    Provision of marine transportation services
      As disclosed in the Company’ s announcement dated 17 December 2024, the Group entered into the marine
      transportation agreement (the “ Marine Transportation Agreement” ) dated 17 December 2024 with Xinyi Solar in
      relation to provide marine transportation services to the Xinyi Solar Group commenced on 17 December 2024 and ending
      on 31 December 2026. The annual cap and the actual transaction amount of the transactions contemplated for the
      FY2025 is USD21,600,000 (equivalent to RMB155,639,000) and USD3,897,000 (equivalent to RMB28,082,000). Since
      the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi
      Solar. Accordingly, the Marine Transportation Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company
      under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

The Directors confirm that the Company has complied with the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.

All independent non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the above continuing connected transactions and
confirmed that the transactions have been entered into:

(a)   in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

(b)   either on normal commercial terms or on terms no less favorable to the Group than terms available to or from
      independent third parties; and

(c)   in accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
      the Shareholders as a whole.




                                                                         XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025      51
Report of the Directors


In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the Company’ s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’ s continuing
connected transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “ Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 “ Auditor’ s
Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants.

The auditor has issued its unqualified letter containing its findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected
transactions to the Board in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules and confirming there is nothing has come to their
attention that causes them to believe that the continuing connected transactions:

(a)   have not been approved by the Board;

(b)   were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group if the transactions involve the
      provision of goods or services by the Group;

(c)   were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreement governing the transactions; and

(d)   have exceeded the annual cap as set by the Company.


Continuing connected transactions after the reporting period
The Group had the following continuing connected transactions after the reporting period, details of which are set forth below:


1)    Sales of machineries
      As disclosed in the Company’ s announcement dated 24 December 2025, Anhui Xinyi Machinery, a non-wholly owned
      subsidiary of the Company, entered into a production equipment purchase agreement (the “ 2026 Production Equipment
      Purchase Agreement” ) dated 24 December 2025 with a member of Xinyi Solar in relation to the sales of the production
      equipment and auxiliary facilities to Xinyi Solar Group by Anhui Xinyi Machinery for the year ending 31 December 2026.
      The annual cap of the transactions contemplated under the 2026 Production Equipment Purchase Agreement for the
      year ending 31 December 2026 is RMB107,300,000. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the
      Company and its subsidiaries are connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the 2026 Production Equipment Purchase
      Agreement constitutes continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


2)    Sales of electricity
      As disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated 24 December 2025, the Group entered an electricity framework
      agreement (the “Electricity Framework Agreement”) dated 24 December 2025 with a member of Xinyi Solar, in relation
      to purchase of electricity from Xinyi Solar and its subsidiaries for the year ending 31 December 2026. The annual cap
      of the transactions contemplated under the Electricity Framework Agreement for the year ending 31 December 2026
      is RMB35,400,000. Since the Company is a substantial shareholder of Xinyi Solar, the Company and its subsidiaries are
      connected persons of Xinyi Solar. Accordingly, the Electricity Framework Agreement constitutes continuing connected
      transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




52    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
COMPLIANCE WITH CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE

The Directors confirmed that the Company has complied with the applicable code provisions as contained in the CG Code set
forth in Part 2 of Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules for the FY2025.

Please refer to section headed “ Corporate Governance Report” as set forth in this annual report for details of our compliance
with the Corporate Governance Code.


AUDIT COMMITTEE

The Company has established an Audit Committee, comprising all independent non-executive Directors, with written terms of
reference in compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules. The primary duties of the Audit Committee are to review
and supervise the financial reporting process and internal control system of the Group and to provide comments and give advice
to the Board. The Audit Committee has reviewed the audited financial statements of the Company and audited consolidated
financial statements of the Group for the FY2025.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES

During the FY2025, the Company repurchased a total of 6,227,000 shares on the Stock Exchange and cancelled in August
2025. Accordingly, the issued share capital of the Company was reduced by the nominal value of these shares and the premium
paid on these shares upon the repurchase were charged against share premium account. An amount equivalent to the par value
of the shares cancelled was transferred from the Company’s share capital to the capital redemption reserve. The table below
sets forth further information of these repurchases:

                                                            Number of
                                                              shares of
                                                               HK$0.10                Highest           Lowest        Aggregate
                                                                      each         price paid        price paid    consideration
Month of repurchase                                       repurchased               per share         per share              paid
                                                                                          HK$               HK$           HK$000

August 2025                                                  6,227,000                    8.08             7.82            49,732


Save as disclosed above, there was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of any listed
securities (including sale of treasury shares) of the Company during the FY2025.


PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors, as of the date
of this annual report, the Company has complied with the ongoing public float threshold, representing at least 25% of the
ordinary Shares of the Company held by the public as required under the Listing Rules. As of the date of this annual report,
33.82% of the ordinary Shares are held by the public.




                                                                             XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025   53
Report of the Directors


The table below sets forth the Share ownership composition as of the date of this annual report:

                                                                                                            Number of
Shareholders                                                                                           ordinary Shares                           %

Controlling Shareholders (1)                                                                             2,928,004,046                         66.2
Public Shareholders                                                                                      1,496,104,806                         33.8

Total                                                                                                    4,424,108,852                       100.0


Note:

(1)     Pursuant to a shareholders’ agreement among the controlling shareholders dated 14 September 2004, in the event that any of the
        controlling shareholders (the “Controlling Shareholders”) (as such term is defined under the Listing Rules) of the Company wish(es) to
        dispose of the Shares held by him/them as of the listing date of the Company, each of the other Controlling Shareholder(s) shall have
        a pre-emption right to purchase such Shares. As of the date of this annual report, the Controlling Shareholders, being parties acting
        in concert as a result of the shareholders’ agreement mentioned above, held 2,928,004,046 Shares, representing 66.2% of the total
        number of the Shares in issue. The Controlling Shareholders are, namely Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S. (the executive Director), Datuk Wira TUNG
        Ching Bor D.C.S.M (the executuve Director), Tan Sri Datuk TUNG Ching Sai P.S.M, D.M.S.M, J.P., (the executive Director), Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr.
        LI Ching Wai, Mr. NG Ngan Ho (the non-executive Director), Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze (the non-executive Director), Mr. LI Ching
        Leung (the non-executive Director) and their respective associates and controlled corporations (as such term is defined under the Listing
        Rules).

Details of the share capital structure is set forth in the paragraphs under “Capital Structure” in the section headed “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.

EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

No significant events have taken place subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of this annual report.


AUDITOR

PricewaterhouseCoopers has retired as the auditor of the Company effective from the conclusion of the annual general meeting
of the Company held on 30 May 2025. Ernst & Young has been appointed as the auditor of the Company following the
retirement of PricewaterhouseCoopers effective from the 30 May 2025 and to hold office until the conclusion of the AGM.

The consolidated financial statements have been audited by Ernst & Young who retire and, being eligible, offer themselves for
re-appointement. A resolution will be proposed at AGM to re-appoint Ernst & Young and to authorise the Directors to fix their
remuneration.




54      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING AND CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS

The AGM will be held on Friday, 29 May 2026, at 21/F, Rykadan Capital Tower, 135 Hoi Bun Road, Kwun Tong, Kowloon,
Hong Kong, at 11:00 a.m. The notice convening the AGM will be published on the website of the Stock Exchange at
www.hkex.com.hk and on the website of the Company at www.xinyiglass.com, and will be dispatched to the Shareholders in
due course.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Tuesday, 26 May 2026 to Friday, 29 May 2026 (both days
inclusive), during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date for entitlement to attend and vote
at the AGM is Friday, 29 May 2026. In order to determine the entitlement to attend and vote at the AGM, all share transfer
documents accompanied by the relevant share certificates must be lodged with the Company’ s branch share registrar in Hong
Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’ s
Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong for registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Friday, 22 May 2026.

The register of members of the Company will be closed from Thursday, 4 June 2026 to Monday, 8 June 2026 (both days
inclusive), during which period no transfer of Shares will be registered. The record date for entitlement of the Final Dividend
is Monday, 8 June 2026. In order to qualify for the Final Dividend, all transfer documents accompanied by the relevant share
certificates must be lodged with the Company’ s branch share registrar in Hong Kong, Computershare Hong Kong Investor
Services Limited, at Shops 1712-1716, 17th Floor, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’ s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, for
registration not later than 4:30 p.m. on Wednesday, 3 June 2026.




On Behalf of the Board
Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.
Chairman

Hong Kong, 27 February 2026




                                                                       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025    55
Independent Auditor’s Report


                         Ernst & Young
                         27/F, One Taikoo Place               安永會計師事務所                        Tel 電話: +852 2846 9888
                         979 King’s Road                      香港鰂魚涌英皇道 979 號                  Fax 傳真: +852 2868 4432
                         Quarry Bay, Hong Kong                太古坊一座27樓                        ey.com



To the shareholders of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(the “Group”) set out on pages 61 to 187, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the
consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group
as at 31 December 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended
in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”)
and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the HKICPA. Our
responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics
for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also
fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




56    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.


We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial
statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the performance
of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial
statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the
basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.


Key audit matter                                                     How our audit addressed the key audit matter


Impairment of trade receivables

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s trade receivables                Our procedures in relation to the provision of loss allowances
amounted to approximately RMB1,988 million, representing             of trade receivables included:
4% of the total assets of the Group.
                                                                     We assessed the appropriateness of the methodology in
Provisions are made for loss allowance of trade receivables          determining the expected credit losses of trade receivables.
where the Group expects the balances will not be collectible.        We also considered whether the judgements and significant
As the provision for loss allowance of trade receivables involves    assumptions used by management would give rise to
significant management judgement and estimations, this is            indicators of possible management bias.
identified as a key audit matter.
                                                                     We assessed the reasonableness of forward-looking
The Group’s trade receivables are categorised based on similar       information adopted by management by reference to external
credit risk characteristics and ageing profiles. The Group           market data or industry information.
provides for the loss allowance of trade receivables based
on an assessment of the recoverability of overdue and long-          We tested, on a sample basis, the accuracy of the ageing
aged trade receivables on individual customer basis and the          profile of the trade receivables used in the calculation of
lifetime expected credit loss allowance on each group of trade       expected credit losses.
receivables. The lifetime expected credit loss allowance is
measured based on past settlement history and the historical
default rates over the expected life of the trade receivables
with similar credit risk characteristics as adjusted with forward-
looking information on macroeconomic factors that affects the
ability of the customers to settle the receivables.


Related disclosures are included in notes 3(c), 4, 20 and 37.12
to the consolidated financial statements.



                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    57
Independent Auditor’s Report


OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of
assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we
conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and
fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.


The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the
Group’s financial reporting process.


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report
is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any
other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the
basis of these consolidated financial statements.




58    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud or
     error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
     higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations,
     or the override of internal control.


•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
     in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.


•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
     disclosures made by the directors.


•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
     evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required
     to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such
     disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the
     date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going
     concern.


•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the disclosures,
     and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a manner that
     achieves fair presentation.


•    Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the
     entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We
     are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
     remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      59
Independent Auditor’s Report


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in the
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe these
matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare
circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of
doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Lam Wai Ming, Ada (practising certificate
number: P04699).




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong


27 February 2026




60    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                       Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
                                                                               For the Year Ended 31 December 2025




                                                                     Note                2025              2024
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000

Revenue                                                                5          20,829,014        22,323,569
Cost of sales                                                          7          (14,347,222)      (15,091,812)

Gross profit                                                                        6,481,792         7,231,757

Other income and gains – net                                           5              722,665           994,456
Other losses                                                           6             (360,584)         (661,271)
Selling and marketing expenses                                         7           (1,181,758)       (1,055,656)
Administrative and other operating expenses                            7           (2,220,541)       (2,244,027)
Net impairment losses on financial assets                              7             (589,826)          (79,759)

Operating profit                                                                    2,851,748         4,185,500
Finance income                                                         9               34,540            46,686
Finance costs                                                          9             (122,594)         (181,026)
Share of net profits of associates                                     14             141,407           196,869

Profit before Income tax                                                            2,905,101         4,248,029
Income tax expense                                                     10            (167,667)         (876,119)

Profit for the year                                                                 2,737,434         3,371,910

Profit for the year attributable to:
  – Equity holders of the Company                                                   2,729,004         3,369,173
  – Non-controlling interests                                                           8,430             2,737

                                                                                    2,737,434         3,371,910

Earnings per share attributable to the equity holders of
  the Company (expressed in RMB cents per share)
  – Basic                                                              11               62.31             79.23
  – Diluted                                                            11               62.31             79.23




                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   61
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the Year Ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                  2025         2024
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

Profit for the year                                                           2,737,434    3,371,910

Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year, net of tax:
Items that will not be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
     Currency translation differences of the Company’s financial statements    (159,326)    133,433
     Revaluation gains on investment properties transferred from property,
       plant and equipment and right-of-use assets, net of tax                 184,746      104,713
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss
     Currency translation differences of foreign operations                     84,478      (191,953)
     Share of other comprehensive income of associates                          44,207       57,668

Total other comprehensive income for the year                                  154,105      103,861

Total comprehensive income for the year                                       2,891,539    3,475,771

Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
     – Equity holders of the Company                                          2,882,968    3,473,527
     – Non-controlling interests                                                  8,571        2,244

                                                                              2,891,539    3,475,771




62      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                              Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                            As at 31 December 2025




                                                                     Note                2025              2024
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000

ASSETS
Non-current assets
  Property, plant and equipment                                        15         18,123,845        18,911,460
  Right-of-use assets                                                  16           3,742,195         3,874,347
  Investment properties                                                17           2,793,323         1,769,631
  Prepayments for property, plant and equipment,
    right-of-use assets and intangible assets                          20             319,678         1,312,026
  Intangible assets                                                    18           1,097,521         1,141,163
  Investments in associates                                            14           9,417,882         9,203,629
  Fixed bank deposits                                                  22             212,000            70,000
  Deferred income tax assets                                           28               4,565             5,152

                                                                                  35,711,009        36,287,408

Current assets
  Inventories                                                          19           3,543,410         3,492,205
  Trade and bills receivables                                          20           3,209,241         3,284,584
  Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                          20           2,326,207         3,352,919
  Financial assets at fair value through profit and loss               21             128,091            21,928
  Pledged bank deposits                                                22              79,628            83,137
  Fixed bank deposits                                                  22                   —           100,000
  Cash and cash equivalents                                            22           2,626,042         1,456,115

                                                                                  11,912,619        11,790,888

Total assets                                                                      47,623,628        48,078,296




                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   63
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As at 31 December 2025




                                                                         Note           2025         2024
                                                                                    RMB’000       RMB’000

EQUITY
Equity attributable to the equity holders of the Company
     Share capital                                                        23         414,497      408,378
     Share premium                                                        23        2,603,148    3,048,090
     Other reserves                                                       25        3,467,763    3,256,030
     Retained earnings                                                    25       30,323,466   27,572,287

                                                                                   36,808,874   34,284,785
Non-controlling interests                                                             49,110       92,356

Total equity                                                                       36,857,984   34,377,141

LIABILITIES
Non-current liabilities
     Bank borrowings                                                      27        1,305,050    1,882,219
     Deferred income tax liabilities                                      28         613,106      579,096
     Lease liabilities                                                    16              17         2,743
     Other payables                                                       26          77,848      112,231

                                                                                    1,996,021    2,576,289

Current liabilities
     Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                       26        4,488,730    4,653,190
     Current income tax liabilities                                                  778,781     1,034,471
     Lease liabilities                                                    16           2,990         6,336
     Bank borrowings                                                      27        3,499,122    5,430,869

                                                                                    8,769,623   11,124,866

Total liabilities                                                                  10,765,644   13,701,155

Tota equity and liabilities                                                        47,623,628   48,078,296




LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                                          LEE Shing Kan, M.H.
Chairman                                                     Director




64       XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                       Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                    For the Year Ended 31 December 2025




                                                                    Attributable to the equity holders of the Company

                                                                                                                                            Non-
                                                               Share         Share          Other       Retained                      controlling        Total
                                                     Notes    capital     premium         reserves      earnings             Total      interests       equity
                                                             RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

Balance at 1 January 2025                                    408,378      3,048,090     3,256,030     27,572,287        34,284,785        92,356    34,377,141

Profit for the year                                               —              —              —      2,729,004         2,729,004         8,430     2,737,434
Other comprehensive income
Currency translation differences                                  —              —        (74,989)            —            (74,989)          141       (74,848)
Share of other comprehensive income of
  associates                                          14          —              —         44,207             —            44,207             —        44,207
Revaluation gains on investment properties
  transferred from property, plant and
  equipment and right-of-use assets, net of tax       17          —              —        184,746             —           184,746             —       184,746

Total comprehensive income for the year                           —              —        153,964      2,729,004         2,882,968         8,571     2,891,539

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – value of employee services                       8, 24        —              —         79,944             —            79,944             —        79,944
  – adjustment relating to expired share options                  —              —       (128,866)       128,866                —             —             —
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend of
  2024 final dividend and 2025 interim dividend      23(a)     6,690       510,333              —             —           517,023             —       517,023
Repurchase and cancellation of shares                23(b)      (571)       (45,029)          571           (571)          (45,600)           —        (45,600)
Transfer to reserve                                   25          —              —        115,010       (115,010)               —             —             —
Disposal of a subsidiary                                          —              —          (8,890)        8,890                —         (4,492)       (4,492)
Dividends relating to 2024                                        —        (408,444)            —             —           (408,444)           —       (408,444)
Dividends relating to 2025                            12          —        (501,802)            —             —           (501,802)           —       (501,802)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                         —              —              —             —                 —        (47,325)      (47,325)

Total transactions with owners                                 6,119       (444,942)       57,769         22,175          (358,879)      (51,817)     (410,696)

Balance at 31 December 2025                                  414,497      2,603,148     3,467,763     30,323,466        36,808,874        49,110    36,857,984




                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                    65
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the Year Ended 31 December 2024




                                                                         Attributable to the equity holders of the Company

                                                                                                                                                Non-
                                                               Share             Share           Other         Retained                    controlling        Total
                                                     Notes     capital        premium          reserves        earnings           Total      interests       equity
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000

Balance at 1 January 2024                                    396,222         2,246,103       2,979,129      26,968,445       32,589,899      104,753     32,694,652

Profit for the year                                                —                 —               —       3,369,173        3,369,173        2,737      3,371,910
Other comprehensive income
Currency translation differences                                   —                 —         (58,027)              —          (58,027)         (493)      (58,520)
Share of other comprehensive income of
  associates                                          14           —                 —          57,668               —          57,668             —        57,668
Revaluation gains on investment properties
  transferred from property, plant and
  equipment and right-of-use assets, net of tax       17           —                 —         104,713               —         104,713             —       104,713

Total comprehensive income for the year                            —                 —         104,354       3,369,173        3,473,527        2,244      3,475,771

Transactions with owners
Employees share option scheme:
  – proceeds from shares issued                       24         184            17,942           (1,946)             —          16,180             —        16,180
  – value of employee services                        24           —                 —          81,129               —          81,129             —        81,129
  – adjustment relating to expired share options                   —                 —         (23,100)         23,100               —             —             —
Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend of
  2023 final dividend and 2024 interim dividend      23(a)    11,972           784,045               —               —         796,017             —       796,017
Transfer to reserve                                   25           —                 —         116,464        (116,464)              —             —             —
Acquisition of non-controlling interest                            —                 —               —               —               —           (217)         (217)
Liquidation of a subsidiary                                        —                 —               —               —               —         (4,302)       (4,302)
Dividends relating to 2023                                         —                 —               —      (1,446,942)      (1,446,942)           —     (1,446,942)
Dividends relating to 2024                            12           —                 —               —      (1,225,025)      (1,225,025)           —     (1,225,025)
Dividend paid to non-controlling interest                          —                 —               —               —               —       (10,122)       (10,122)

Total transactions with owners                                12,156           801,987         172,547      (2,765,331)      (1,778,641)     (14,641)    (1,793,282)

Balance at 31 December 2024                                  408,378         3,048,090       3,256,030      27,572,287       34,284,785       92,356     34,377,141




66      XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                                           Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                              For the Year Ended 31 December 2025




                                                                                    Notes               2025              2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

Cash flows from operating activities
Cash generated from operations                                                       29(a)         5,929,992         6,686,889
Interest paid                                                                                       (177,202)         (268,784)
Income tax paid                                                                                     (431,290)         (828,404)

Net cash generated from operating activities                                                       5,321,500         5,589,701


Cash flows from investing activities
Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                                         (1,341,720)       (4,704,896)
Purchase of intangible assets                                                                              —           (15,148)
Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                             29(b)            146,230            87,346
Proceeds from compensation for surrendering of leasehold land and
  related property, plant and equipment                                             29(b)            166,492                  —
Proceeds from disposal of intangible assets                                                           29,245                  —
Additions to investment properties                                                                   (11,708)          (11,359)
Payment for right-of-use assets                                                                      (88,562)         (352,991)
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                           —            65,394
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit and loss                                  (102,273)          (49,188)
Proceeds from disposal of investment in an associate                                                   8,087                  —
Addition to investments in associates                                                 14            (166,678)         (263,313)
Dividends received from associates                                                    14             109,935           508,504
Advanced to an associate                                                                             (72,142)         (578,926)
Repayment from an associate                                                                                —           294,242
Placement of fixed and pledged deposits                                                             (202,000)         (150,000)
Proceed from withdrawal of fixed and pledged deposits                                                163,509         1,205,626
Acquisition of non-controlling interest                                                                    —              (217)
Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                                                30              47,423                  —
Liquidation of a subsidiary                                                                                —            (4,302)
Interest received                                                                                     34,540            46,686

Net cash used in investing activities                                                             (1,279,622)       (3,922,542)




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   67
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the Year Ended 31 December 2025




                                                                       Note        2025          2024
                                                                               RMB’000       RMB’000

Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from bank borrowings                                                 3,326,689     5,417,639
Repayment of bank borrowings                                                  (5,747,688)   (5,579,923)
Principal portion of lease payments                                               (6,511)       (6,811)
Interest portion of lease payments                                                 (397)          (779)
Shares repurchased and cancelled                                                (45,600)            —
Net proceeds from issuance of ordinary shares by share options                        —        16,180
Dividends paid to shareholders of the Company                                  (393,223)    (1,875,950)
Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                     (47,325)       (10,122)

Net cash used in financing activities                                         (2,914,055)   (2,039,766)


Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                          1,127,823      (372,607)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the year                            1,456,115     1,814,614
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents             42,104        14,108

Cash and cash equivalents at end of the year                            22    2,626,042     1,456,115




68   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
                    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


1   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

    Xinyi Glass Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively the “Group”) are principally engaged in the
    production and sales of float glass, automobile glass and architectural glass, which are carried out internationally, through
    the production complexes located in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”), Malaysia and Indonesia.

    The addresses of the registered office and principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the “Corporate
    Information” section to the annual report.

    The Company is a limited liability company incorporated in the Cayman Islands. The shares of the Company are listed on
    the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).


2   BASIS OF PREPARATION

    (A) BASIS OF PRESENTATION
          These consolidated financial statements of the Group have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
          Standards (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRS”), Hong Kong Accounting Standards
          (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and
          the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

          These consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all values are rounded to the nearest
          thousand except when otherwise indicated.

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for financial
          assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”) and investment properties which have been measured at fair
          value.

          The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires the use of certain
          critical accounting estimates. It also requires management to exercise its judgement in the process of applying
          the Group’s accounting policies. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or complexity, or areas where
          assumptions and estimates are significant to the consolidated financial statements, are disclosed in Note 4 to the
          financial statements.




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      69
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

     (B) AMENDMENTS TO STANDARDS ADOPTED BY THE GROUP
          The following amendments to existing standards are mandatory for accounting periods beginning on or after 1
          January 2025.


          Amendments to HKAS 21                                    Lack of Exchangeability
          Amendments to Illustrative Examples on                   Disclosures about Uncertainties
              HKFRS 7, HKFRS 18, HKAS 1,                              in the Financial statements
              HKAS 8, HKAS 36 and HKAS 37


          The above amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.


     (C) The Group has not applied the following new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have been issued
          but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply these new and amended HKFRSs,
          if applicable, when they become effective.


          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                        Amendments to the Classification and Measurement
                                                                      of Financial Instruments1
          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7                        Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 1
          Annual Improvement to HKFRS                               Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9,
              Accounting Standards - Volume 11                        HKFRS 10 and HKAS 71
          Amendments to HKAS 21                                    Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency 2
          HKFRS 18                                                 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 2
          HKFRS 19 and its amendments                              Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 2
          Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28                       Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                                      its Associate or Joint Venture 3

          1
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2026

          2
                 Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027

          3
                 No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption




70   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

    (C) (Continued)
        Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable to the Group is
        described below.

        HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements . While a number of sections have been brought
        forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new requirements for presentation within the
        statement of profit or loss, including specified totals and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and
        expenses within the statement of profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing,
        income taxes and discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures
        about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced requirements on
        the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information in both the primary financial
        statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting
        Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and Errors , which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial
        Statements . As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made to
        HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows , HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial Reporting . In addition,
        there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential
        amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January
        2027 with earlier application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the
        new requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the Group’s financial
        statements.

        HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still applying the
        recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS Accounting Standards. To be eligible,
        at the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial
        Statements , cannot have public accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares
        consolidated financial statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards or IFRS
        Accounting Standards. HKFRS 19 was amended in April 2025 to include IFRS Accounting Standards in the eligibility
        criteria for applying the standard. The standard was further amended in October 2025 to (i) remove disclosure
        objectives from HKFRS 19; (ii) reduce the disclosure requirements relating to supplier finance arrangements and
        a specific class of financial liabilities; and (iii) replace disclosure requirements relating to management-defined
        performance measures with a cross-reference to HKFRS 18 for entities that use these measures. Earlier application
        is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to apply HKFRS 19 and its amendments.
        Some of the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the application of HKFRS 19 and its amendments in their
        specified financial statements.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      71
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


2    BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

     (C) (Continued)
          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of Financial Instruments
          clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is derecognised and introduce an accounting policy
          option to derecognise a financial liability that is settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement
          date if specified criteria are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics
          of financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent features. Moreover, the
          amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with non-recourse features and contractually
          linked instruments. The amendments also include additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments
          designated at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent features.
          The amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained profits (or other
          component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be
          restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all the amendments at the same time or only the
          amendments related to the classification of financial assets is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have
          any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

          Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify the application
          of the “Own use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the designation requirements for a hedged item
          in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures
          that enable users of financial statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial
          performance and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall be applied
          retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight.
          The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied prospectively to new hedging relationships
          designated on or after the date of initial application. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments to HKFRS 9
          and HKFRS 7 shall be applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on
          the Group’s financial statements.

          Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in HKFRS 10 and in
          HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture.
          The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale
          or contribution of assets constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business,
          a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the
          unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively.
          The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 was removed by the HKICPA.
          However, the amendments are available for adoption now.




72   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)

    (C) (Continued)
        Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency require the translation from a
        non-hyperinflationary functional currency into a hyperinflationary presentation currency at the closing rate. The
        amendments also require an entity whose functional currency and presentation currency are the currency of a
        hyperinflationary economy to restate the comparative amounts of a foreign operation whose functional currency
        is that of a non-hyperinflationary economy, by applying the general price index, in accordance with paragraph 34
        of HKAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies , to the foreign operation’s comparative figures.
        The amendments introduce certain additional disclosures. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not
        expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

        Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11 set out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7
        (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7), HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. Details of the
        amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are as follows:

        •    HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures : The amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph B38
             of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 for the purpose
             of simplification or achieving consistency with other paragraphs in the standard and/or with the concepts and
             terminology used in other standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance on implementing
             HKFRS 7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs of HKFRS 7 nor does
             it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have
             any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

        •    HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined that a lease liability
             has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is required to apply paragraph 3.3.3 of HKFRS
             9 and recognise any resulting gain or loss in profit or loss. In addition, the amendments have updated certain
             wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential confusion. Earlier
             application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s
             financial statements.

        •    HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements : The amendments clarify that the relationship described in
             paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that might exist between the
             investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor, which removes the inconsistency with the
             requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected
             to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

        •    HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows : The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at cost” in
             paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost method”. Earlier application is
             permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     73
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

     The Group’s activities expose it to various types of financial risks: market risk (including foreign exchange risk and cash
     flow and fair value interest rate risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The Group’s overall risk management programme focuses
     on the unpredictability of financial markets and seeks to minimise potential adverse effects on the Group’s financial
     performance.


     (A) FOREIGN EXCHANGE RISK
           The Group mainly operates in the PRC, Malaysia and Hong Kong with most of the transactions denominated and
           settled in RMB, United States dollar (“US$”) and Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”). Foreign exchange risk arises from future
           commercial transactions and recognised assets and liabilities denominated in a currency that is not the functional
           currency of the relevant group entity. The Group manages its foreign exchange risks by performing regular reviews
           and arranges hedges against foreign exchange exposures when considered necessary. Details of the Group’s
           trade and bills and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, fixed bank deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade
           and other payables, and bank borrowings are disclosed in Notes 20, 22, 26 and 27 to the consolidated financial
           statements.

           The foreign exchange risk mainly caused by the functional currency of relevant group entity in HK$ and the exposed
           foreign exchange risk arising from their trade and bills and other receivables, pledged bank deposits, fixed bank
           deposits, cash and cash equivalents, trade and other payables, and bank borrowings denominated in RMB. As at
           31 December 2025, if RMB had weakened/strengthened by 5% (2024: 5%) against HK$ with all other variables
           held constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately RMB25,144,000 (2024: RMB
           237,934,000) higher/lower.


     (B) CASH FLOW AND FAIR VALUE INTEREST RATE RISK
           The Group’s interest rate risk is mainly attributable to its cash and cash equivalents, fixed deposits, pledged bank
           deposits and bank borrowings. Financial assets and liabilities at variable rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
           rate risk. Financial assets and liabilities at fixed rates expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk. Details of the
           Group’s cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings have been
           disclosed in Notes 22 and 27 to the consolidated financial statements.

           As at 31 December 2025, if HK$ interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank
           deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2024: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held
           constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately RMB90,000 (2024: RMB285,000)
           higher/lower (2024: lower/higher), mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest income (2024: interest expense) on
           cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.




74   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (B) CASH FLOW AND FAIR VALUE INTEREST RATE RISK (Continued)
         As at 31 December 2025, if RMB interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank
         deposits and bank borrowings had been 25 (2024: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held
         constant, profit after income tax for the year would have been approximately RMB1,910,000 (2024: RMB6,387,000)
         lower/higher, mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest expenses on cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank
         deposits, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.

         As at 31 December 2025, if US$ interest rates on cash and cash equivalents, pledged bank deposits and bank
         borrowings had been 25 (2024: 25) basis points higher/lower with all other variables held constant, profit after
         income tax for the year would have been approximately RMB876,000 higher/lower (2024: RMB570,000 higher/
         lower), mainly as a result of higher/lower net interest income (2024: net interest income) on cash and cash
         equivalents, pledged bank deposits and bank borrowings.


     (C) CREDIT RISK
         The Group’s credit risk arises from cash and cash equivalents at bank, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits,
         trade, bills and other receivables, and financial assets at FVTPL. Management has a credit policy in place and the
         exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis. The carrying amounts of these balances represent
         the Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk in relation to financial assets which are stated as follows:

                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000

         Cash and cash equivalents at bank                                                      2,622,386           1,451,691
         Fixed bank deposits (Note 22)                                                            212,000            170,000
         Pledged bank deposits (Note 22)                                                            79,628            83,137
         Financial assets at FVTPL                                                                  96,000                 —
         Trade and bills receivables, and financial assets
           included in prepayments, deposits and other receivables                              4,394,147           5,201,504

         Maximum exposure to credit risk                                                        7,404,161           6,902,332


         As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, most of the bank deposits are deposited with reputable banks in Hong Kong
         and state-owned banks in the PRC. The credit quality of cash and bank balances has been assessed by reference to
         external credit ratings or to historical information about the counterparty default rates. The existing counterparties
         do not have defaults in the past.

         In respect of trade, bills and other receivables, the Group has policies in place to ensure that the sales of products
         are made to counterparties or customers with appropriate credit history and the Group performs credit evaluations
         of these counterparties and its customers.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     75
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (C) CREDIT RISK (Continued)
          The credit period of the majority of the Group’s trade receivables is within 90 days and largely comprises amounts
          receivable from business customers.

          There is limited degree of concentration of credit risks of the Group (Note 20(b) to the financial statements).

          In order to minimise the credit risks, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible for
          determination of credit limits, credit approvals and other monitoring procedures to ensure that follow-up actions are
          taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the Group reviews regularly the recoverable amount of each individual
          trade receivable to ensure that adequate provision for expected credit losses are made for irrecoverable amounts. In
          this regard, the directors consider that the Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.


          The Group has the following financial assets that are subject to the expected credit loss model:

          •     cash and cash equivalents at bank

          •     fixed bank deposits

          •     pledged bank deposits

          •     trade, bills and other receivables (including deposit)

          While cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged bank deposits are also subject to the impairment
          requirements of HKFRS 9, the identified impairment loss was immaterial.

          Trade, bills and other receivables (including deposit)
          The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure expected credit losses which uses a lifetime expected
          loss allowance for all trade receivables.

          To measure the expected credit losses, trade receivables have been assessed on a collective group basis based on
          different credit risk characteristics.




76   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (C) CREDIT RISK (Continued)
         Trade, bills and other receivables (including deposit) (Continued)
         The expected loss rates are based on the payment profiles of sales over a period of 12 months before 31 December
         2025 and 2024 respectively and the corresponding historical credit losses experienced within this period. The
         historical loss rates are adjusted to reflect current and forward-looking information on macroeconomic factors, e.g.
         growth rates of real gross domestic product affecting the ability of the customers to settle the receivables.

                                                                 1 - 90      91 - 180   181 - 365      1–2      Over 2
                                                                  days          days        days       years      years
         31 December 2025                          Current    pass due      pass due    pass due    pass due   pass due    Total

         Expected loss rate                           0.2%       0.6%         15.2%       39.4%       65.0%      100%      1.7%
         Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)          1,710,628    248,671        19,000      20,879     10,415     12,232 2,021,825
         Loss allowance (RMB’000)                     2,796      1,371         2,886       8,216      6,772     12,232    34,273


                                                                 1 - 90      91 - 180   181 - 365      1–2       Over 2
                                                                  days          days        days       years      years
         31 December 2024                           Current   pass due       pass due    pass due   pass due   pass due       Total

         Expected loss rate                           0.3%       2.2%         22.3%       30.6%       56.6%      100%      2.5%
         Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)          1,659,209    200,317        15,184      14,139     21,667     18,057 1,928,573
         Loss allowance (RMB’000)                     4,978      4,407         3,386       4,326     12,263     18,057    47,417


         Movements of loss allowance of trade receivables are set out in Note 20(b) to the financial statements.

         Trade receivables are written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovery. Indicators that there is no
         reasonable expectation of recovery include, amongst others, the failure of a debtor to engage in a repayment plan
         with the Group.

         Impairment losses on trade receivables are presented as net impairment losses within operating profit. Subsequent
         recoveries of amounts previously written off are credited against the same line item.




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       77
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (C) CREDIT RISK (Continued)
          Trade, bills and other receivables (including deposit) (Continued)
          For other receivables (including deposits), the Group applies the general approach to provide for expected credit
          losses prescribed by HKFRS 9. The determination of the expected credit losses also incorporates forward-looking
          information. The Group has established a policy to perform an assessment as at 31 December 2025 and 2024, of
          whether a financial instrument’s credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, by considering the
          change in the risk of default occurring over the remaining life of the financial instrument. The Group classifies its
          financial assets into Stage 1, Stage 2 and Stage 3, as described below:

          Stage 1 -   When the financial assets are first recognised, the Group recognises an allowance based on 12 months’
                      expected credit losses.

          Stage 2 -   When the financial assets have shown a significant increase in credit risk since origination, the Group
                      records an allowance for the lifetime expected credit losses.

          Stage 3 -   The financial assets are considered credit-impaired. The Group records an allowance for the lifetime
                      expected credit losses.

          An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using the probability of default approach to measure
          expected credit losses. The probabilities of default rates are estimated based on comparable companies with
          published credit ratings. The calculation reflects the probability weighted outcome, the time value of money and
          reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions
          and forward-looking credit risk information.

          The bills receivables are bank acceptance notes issued by banks in the PRC. The credit quality of bills receivables has
          been assessed by reference to external credit ratings or to historical information about the counterparty default rates.
          The existing counterparties do not have defaults in the past. Therefore, expected credit loss rate of bills receivables
          are assessed to be immaterial and no provision was made as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

          For other financial assets at amortised cost, including other receivables and deposits, management considers whether
          their credit risk has increased since initial recognition with reference to the external credit ratings, counterparty
          historical default rate and current financial position. In view of the history of cooperation with the debtors and
          collection from them, deposits and other receivables of RMB82,179,000 are classified in Stage 1 as at 31 December
          2025 (2024: RMB274,546,000) and the credit risk inherent in these other receivables is not significant. The loss rate
          allowance associated these deposits and other receivables was minimal.

          For the remaining deposits and other receivables of RMB1,769,865,000 as at 31 December 2025 (2024:
          RMB1,713,028,000), it was classified in Stage 2 and the loss allowance associated with these deposits and other
          receivables was RMB667,138,000 (2024: RMB70,654,000) as at 31 December 2025. A loss rate of 37.7% (2024:
          4.1%) was applied as at 31 December 2025.




78   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (D) PRICE RISK
         The Group’s exposure to equity securities price risk arises from investments held by the Group and classified in the
         consolidated statement of financial position as financial assets at FVTPL (Note 21).

         The Group does not have formal policy to manage its price risk arising from investments in equity securities.

         With all other variables held constant, if the market price of financial assets at FVTPL measured at fair value had
         been 10% (2024: 10%) higher/lower than the actual closing price as at year end, the equity as at 31 December
         2025 would increase/decrease by approximately RMB3,209,000 (2024: RMB2,193,000).


     (E) LIQUIDITY RISK
         Prudent liquidity risk management implies maintaining sufficient cash and marketable securities and the availability
         of funding through an adequate amount of committed credit facilities to meet obligations when due and to close
         out market positions. Due to the dynamic nature of the underlying businesses, the Group treasury maintains
         flexibility in funding by maintaining availability under committed credit lines.

         The table below analyses the Group’s non-derivative financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the
         remaining period at the consolidated statement of financial position to the contractual maturity date. The amounts
         disclosed in the table are the contractual undiscounted cash flows. Balances due within 12 months equal their
         carrying balances as the impact of discounting is not significant.

                                                   Less than      Between 1        Between 2
                                                      1 year     and 2 years       and 5 years   Over 5 years            Total
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000

         At 31 December 2025
         Bank borrowings and
           interest payables                      3,547,542          481,930           854,195             —       4,883,667
         Trade and other payables
            excluding non-financial
            liabilities                           3,073,758            77,848               —              —       3,151,606
         Lease liabilities                             3,007                  37            —              —             3,044

         Total                                    6,624,307          559,815           854,195             —       8,038,317




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    79
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (E) LIQUIDITY RISK (Continued)
                                                      Less than   Between 1        Between 2
                                                         1 year   and 2 years     and 5 years     Over 5 years            Total
                                                      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

          At 31 December 2024
          Bank borrowings and
             interest payables                       5,569,472     1,644,525         264,611           38,573       7,517,181
          Trade and other payables
             excluding non-financial
             liabilities                             3,416,317       112,231               —                —       3,528,548
          Lease liabilities                              6,723         2,786               —                —            9,509

          Total                                      8,992,512     1,759,542         264,611           38,573      11,055,238


          The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern
          in order to provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital
          structure to reduce the cost of capital.

          In order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group will consider the macro economic conditions,
          prevailing borrowing rate in the market and adequacy of cash flows generating from operations and may raise
          funding through capital market or bank borrowings as necessary.

          Consistent with others in the industry, the Group monitors capital on the basis of the gearing ratio. This ratio is
          calculated as net debt divided by total equity. Net debt is calculated as total bank borrowings (including “current and
          non-current bank borrowings” as shown in the consolidated statement of financial position) plus lease liabilities less
          cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged bank deposits.




80   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (E) LIQUIDITY RISK (Continued)
         The gearing ratios at 31 December 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                                           2025            2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000

         Total bank borrowings (Note 27) and lease liabilities (Note 16)                              4,807,179      7,322,167
         Less: cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits and pledged
                bank deposits (Note 22)                                                              (2,917,670)    (1,709,252)

         Net debt                                                                                     1,889,509      5,612,915

         Total equity                                                                               36,857,984      34,377,141

         Gearing ratio                                                                                     5.1%          16.3%



     (F) FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION
         Fair value hierarchy
         The carrying values of financial instruments measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period are categorised
         among the three levels of the fair value hierarchy defined in HKFRS 13 Fair value Measurement , with the fair value of
         each financial instrument categorised in its entirety based on the lowest level of input that is significant to that fair
         value measurement. The levels are defined as follows:

         Level 1 –      based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities

         Level 2 –      based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                        measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

         Level 3 –      based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                        measurement is unobservable




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    81
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


3.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (Continued)

     (F) FAIR VALUE ESTIMATION (Continued)
          Fair value hierarchy (Continued)
          The following table presents the Group’s financial assets that are measured at fair values at 31 December 2025 and
          31 December 2024:

                                                                       Level 1         Level 2          Level 3            Total
                                                       Note         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000

          At 31 December 2025
          Financial assets at FVTPL
             – Listed equity securities                  21            25,206                —                —           25,206
             – Structured deposits                                          —           96,000                —           96,000
             – Derivative financial assets                              6,885                —                —            6,885

                                                                       32,091           96,000                —         128,091


                                                                       Level 1          Level 2          Level 3            Total
                                                       Note          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000

          At 31 December 2024
          Financial assets at FVTPL
             – Listed equity securities                  21            21,821                —                —           21,821
             – Derivative financial assets                                107                —                —              107

                                                                       21,928                —                —           21,928


          There were no transfers among level 1, 2 and 3 during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: nil).

          Save as the forementioned financial asset at FVTPL, the Group’s financial instruments recognised in the consolidated
          statement of financial position are mainly cash and cash equivalents, fixed bank deposits, pledged bank deposits,
          trade, bills and other receivables (including deposits), bank borrowings, trade and other payables and lease liabilities.
          For the majority of these instruments, the fair values are not materially different to their carrying amounts, since the
          interest receivables and payables is either close to current market rates or the instruments are short-term in nature.




82   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS

     Estimates and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and other factors, including
     expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances.

     The Group makes estimates and assumptions concerning the future. The resulting accounting estimates will, by definition,
     seldom equal the related actual results. The estimates and assumptions that have a significant risk of causing a material
     adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year are addressed below.


     (A) IMPAIRMENT OF TRADE, BILLS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
           The Group makes provision for expected credit losses of trade, bills and other receivables based on an estimate
           of the recoverability of these receivables. Provisions are applied to trade, bills and other receivables where events
           or changes in circumstances indicate that the balances may not be collectible. The identification of impairment of
           trade, bills and other receivables requires the use of estimates. Where the expectation is different from the original
           estimate, such difference will impact the carrying amount of receivables and the provision for expected credit losses
           in the period in which such estimate has been changed.

           The loss allowances for financial assets are based on assumptions about risk of default and expected loss rates. The
           Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to the impairment calculation, based
           on the Group’s past history, existing market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each
           reporting period. Details of the key assumptions and inputs used are disclosed in Note 3(c).

           Information about the carrying amounts of trade, bills and other receivables is disclosed in Note 20 to the financial
           statements.


     (B) PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
          Useful lives
           The Group’s management determines the estimated useful lives and related depreciation charges for its property,
           plant and equipment. This estimate is based on the historical experience of the actual useful lives of these assets of
           similar nature and functions. It could change significantly as a result of technical innovations and competitor actions
           in response to changes in market conditions. Management will increase the depreciation charge where useful lives
           are less than previously estimated lives, or it will write-off or write-down technically obsolete or non- strategic assets
           that have been abandoned or sold.


          Impairment assessment
           Property, plant and equipment are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate
           that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. The recoverable amounts have been determined based on
           the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value-in-use calculations, taking into account the latest market
           information, past experience and the sustainability of the financial performance in the foreseeable future.

           Information about the carrying amount of property, plant and equipment is disclosed in Note 15 to the financial
           statements.



                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       83
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

     (C) FAIR VALUE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
          Except for an investment property of RMB2,563,000 (2024: RMB2,563,000) which is stated at cost, the Group’s
          investment properties are carried at their fair values at 31 December 2025 amounting to RMB2,790,760,000 (2024:
          RMB1,767,068,000). The fair values were based on valuation on these properties conducted by independent
          professionally qualified valuers using property valuation techniques which involve certain assumptions of market
          conditions. Favorable or unfavorable changes to these assumptions would result in changes in the fair values of
          the Group’s investment properties and corresponding adjustments to the amount of gain or loss recognised in the
          consolidated statement of profit or loss.

          Information about the valuation of investment properties is provided in Note 17 to the financial statements.


     (D) INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE
          Estimation of useful life of float glass production capacity
          Float glass production capacity that is considered to have an indefinite useful life is not amortised and is tested for
          impairment annually and when there is an indication that it may be impaired. Float glass production capacity is
          considered to have an indefinite useful life as there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which it is expected to
          generate net cash inflows. Judgement is required to estimate the useful life of float glass production capacity.


          Impairment of intangible assets with indefinite useful life
          The Group tests whether intangible assets with indefinite useful life has suffered any impairment on an annual
          basis. If the fair value less cost of disposal exceed the carrying amount of the intangible assets with indefinite useful
          life, there is no impairment. If not, the impairment test is performed at the cash-generating unit (“CGU”) level for
          which the intangible assets with indefinite useful lives have been allocated to. The recoverable amount of CGUs was
          determined based on value-in-use calculations which require the use of assumptions. The calculations use cash flow
          projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period.

          Information about the carrying amount of intangible assets with indefinite useful life is disclosed in Note 18 to the
          financial statements.


     (E) PROVISION FOR INVENTORIES
          The provision for inventories involves significant management judgement based on consideration of key factors such
          as estimated future selling prices and selling expenses of the respective inventories. Management reassesses these
          estimation of provision for inventories at the end of each reporting period.

          Information about the carrying amount of inventories is disclosed in Note 19 to the financial statements.




84   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
4.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES AND JUDGEMENTS (Continued)

     (F) CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
        The Group is subject to income taxes in numerous jurisdictions. Significant judgement is required in determining
        the worldwide provision for income taxes and the timing of the related payments. There are many transactions and
        calculations for which the ultimate tax determination is uncertain during the ordinary course of business. Where the
        final tax outcome of these matters is different from the amounts that were initially recorded, such differences will
        impact the current and deferred income tax assets and liabilities in the period in which such determination is made.

        Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between the
        tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements. Deferred
        income tax liabilities of the Group mainly arise from fair value gain from investment properties and unremitted
        earnings of the PRC subsidiaries. The realisability of the deferred income tax liabilities and assets mainly depends
        on its subsidiaries’ dividend pay-out ratio and whether sufficient future profits or taxable temporary differences will
        be available in the future, whichever is applicable. In cases where the actual dividend pay-out ratio is more than
        expected or future profits generated are less than expected, such difference will impact the income taxes in the
        periods in which such estimates have been changed.

        Information about the carrying amounts of current and deferred income tax is disclosed in Notes 10 and 28 to the
        financial statements.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      85
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS - NET AND SEGMENT INFORMATION

     Revenue and other income and gains - net recognised during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000

     Revenue
     Sales of glass                                                                                           20,829,014           22,323,569

           – Sales of float glass                                                                             11,514,157           12,909,925
           – Sales of automobile glass                                                                          6,861,286            6,304,742
           – Sales of architectural glass                                                                       2,453,571            3,108,902

                                                                                                              20,829,014           22,323,569

     Other income and gains - net
     Rental income                                                                                                  130,990            118,558
     Government grants (Note (a))                                                                                   267,409            329,897
     Insurance compensation income                                                                                    7,008              16,615
     Income from sale of electricity (Note (b))                                                                     130,166            109,645
     Income from sale of automatic machines (Note (c))                                                                1,186              55,362
     Shipping service income                                                                                         32,335              24,487
     Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (Note 30)                                                                      30,376                   —
     Compensation for surrendering leasehold land and related property,
           plant and equipment, net                                                                                 150,946                   —
     Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                                                            2,003                   —
     Fair value gains/(losses) on financial assets at FVTPL (Note 21)                                                 3,890                 (492)
     Foreign exchange (losses)/gains, net                                                                           (96,072)           272,907
     Others                                                                                                          62,428              67,477

                                                                                                                    722,665            994,456

     Notes:

     (a)      Government grants mainly represent grants obtained from the PRC government in relation to the refund of value-added tax, land
              use tax and other operating costs of certain PRC subsidiaries. There are no unfulfilled conditions or contingencies relating to these
              grants.

              Government grants relating to costs are deferred and recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the period
              necessary to match them with the costs that they are intended to compensate.

              Government grants relating to the purchase of property, plant and equipment are included in non-current liabilities as deferred
              income and they are credited to profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the expected lives of the related assets.

     (b)      It represents income from sale of electricity generated from its wind power and solar power plants.

     (c)      It represents the net income from sale of automatic machines for solar glass factory and other related industry and netted of the
              related cost of sales.


86   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS - NET AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     ACCOUNTING POLICY OF REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME RECOGNITION
     Revenue is measured at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, and represents amounts receivable for
     goods supplied, stated net of discounts, returns and value added taxes.

     Revenue is recognised when, or as, the control of the goods or services is transferred to the customer. Depending on the
     terms of the contract and the laws applicable, control of the goods and services may be transferred over time or at a point
     in time. Control of the goods and services is transferred over time if the Group’s performance:

     •     provides all of the benefits received and consumed simultaneously by the customer;

     •     creates and enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •     does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment
           for performance completed to date.

     If control of the goods and services transfers over time, revenue is recognised over the period of the contract by reference
     to the progress towards complete satisfaction of that performance obligation. Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point
     in time when the customer obtains control of the goods and services.

     In some circumstances, the Group may not be able to reasonably measure the outcome of a performance obligation, but
     the Group expects to recover the costs incurred in satisfying the performance obligation. In those circumstances, revenue
     is recognised only to the extent of the costs incurred until such time that it can reasonably measure the outcome of the
     performance obligation.


     (a)   Sales of glass
           The Group manufactures and sells glass products. Revenue from sales of glass products are recognised when control
           of the products has transferred, being when the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled
           obligation that could affect the customers’ acceptance of the products. Delivery occurs when the products have
           been shipped to the specified location, the risks of obsolescence and loss have been transferred to the customers,
           and either the customers has accepted the products in accordance with the sales contract, the acceptance provisions
           have lapsed, or the Group has objective evidence that all criteria for acceptance have been satisfied.

           Revenue from these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract. No element of financing is
           deemed present as the sales are made with a credit term of 30 to 90 days, which is consistent with market practice.

           A receivable is recognised when the goods are delivered as this is the point in time that the consideration is
           unconditional and only the passage of time is required before the payment is due.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     87
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS - NET AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     ACCOUNTING POLICY OF REVENUE AND OTHER INCOME RECOGNITION (Continued)
     (a)     Sales of glass (Continued)
             There is no material contract fulfilment cost or cost of obtaining contracts incurred by the Group.

             The Group has applied the practical expedient in HKFRS 15 to all of its revenue for not disclosing the remaining
             performance obligations under the Group’s existing contracts as the performance obligations are expected to be
             recognised as revenue with an original expected duration of one year or less.


     (b)     Other income
             Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest rate method by applying the rate that
             exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instruments or a shorter
             period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

             Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms.

             Insurance compensation income is recognised when it is virtually certain that the compensation will be received and
             the amount can be reliably measured.

             Income from sale of electricity is recognised at a point in time in the accounting period when electricity is generated
             and transmitted.

             Income from sale of automatic machines is recognised when control of the products has transferred, being when
             the products are delivered to the customers, and there is no unfulfilled obligation that could affect the customers’
             acceptance of the products.

             Shipping service income is recognised at a time when the delivery is completed.


     SEGMENT INFORMATION
     Management has determined the operating segments based on the reports reviewed by the Company’s executive directors
     that are used to make strategic decisions.

     The executive directors consider the business from an operational perspective. Generally, the executive directors consider
     the performance of business of each operating segment within the Group separately. Thus, each business within the
     Group is an individual operating segment.

     Among these operating segments, they are aggregated into three segments based on the products sold: (1) float glass; (2)
     automobile glass; and (3) architectural glass

     The executive directors assess the performance of the operating segments based on a measure of gross profit. The Group
     does not allocate operating costs to its segments as this information is not reviewed by the executive directors.

     Sales between segments are carried out at terms mutually agreed by both parties. The revenue from external parties
     reported to the executive directors is measured in a manner consistent with that in the consolidated statement of profit or
     loss.


88   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS - NET AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
     December 2025 is as follows:

                                                                          Automobile Architectural
                                                           Float glass           glass           glass Unallocated              Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000

     Segment revenue                                       14,003,411       6,861,286       2,453,571               —      23,318,268
     Inter-segment revenue                                 (2,489,254)              —               —               —      (2,489,254)

     Revenue from external customers (Note)               11,514,157       6,861,286       2,453,571                —      20,829,014
     Cost of sales                                         (9,444,268)     (3,147,544)    (1,755,410)               — (14,347,222)

     Gross profit                                           2,069,889      3,713,742         698,161                —       6,481,792

     Depreciation charge
       – property, plant and equipment (Note 15)            1,099,559        138,452         109,050          36,910        1,383,971
       – right-of-use assets (Note 16)                         50,369           7,089           2,153         56,687         116,298
     Amortisation charge
       – intangible assets (Note 18)                           15,192           1,208               —               —         16,400
     (Decrease)/increase in provision
       for loss allowance, net                                  (9,710)        (1,012)          4,064        596,484         589,826
     Losses on disposal of property,
       plant and equipment                                    144,455           7,119           8,584           1,171        161,329
     Impairment losses of property,
       plant and equipment                                    156,838               —               —               —        156,838
     Share of net profits of associates                             —               —               —        141,407         141,407



     Note:

     The Group’s revenue from all segments during the year ended 31 December 2025 have been recognised at point in time.




                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        89
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS - NET AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                                                                   Assets and liabilities
                                                                          Automobile Architectural
                                                           Float glass         glass          glass Unallocated                Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000

     Total assets                                          24,462,631       5,360,036       1,930,170     15,870,791        47,623,628

     Total assets included:
       Investments in associates (Note 14)                          —               —               —      9,417,882         9,417,882
       Investment properties (Note 17)                              —               —               —      2,793,323         2,793,323
     Additions to non-current assets (other than
       financial assets and deferred income tax assets)       519,636         387,074         239,632        451,651         1,597,993

     Total liabilities                                      4,354,438       1,185,827       1,054,394      4,170,985        10,765,644


     The segment information provided to the executive directors for the reportable segments as at and for the year ended 31
     December 2024 is as follows:

                                                                          Automobile Architectural
                                                            Float glass        glass         glass       Unallocated            Total
                                                             RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000

     Segment revenue                                       15,343,516       6,304,742       3,108,902               —       24,757,160
     Inter-segment revenue                                 (2,433,591)             —               —                —       (2,433,591)

     Revenue from external customers (Note)               12,909,925        6,304,742      3,108,902                —       22,323,569
     Cost of sales                                         (9,966,250)     (3,004,801)    (2,120,761)               —      (15,091,812)

     Gross profit                                           2,943,675      3,299,941         988,141                —       7,231,757

     Depreciation charge
       – property, plant and equipment (Note 15)            1,031,117        155,026         111,452          20,260        1,317,855
       – right-of-use assets (Note 16)                         48,644          7,206           2,775          70,564          129,189
     Amortisation charge
        – intangible assets (Note 18)                           1,713           1,255               —               —            2,968
     Increase in provision for
        loss allowance, net                                         31          2,165           6,909         70,654           79,759
     Losses on disposal of property,
        plant and equipment                                    12,162          20,552             424             279          33,417
     Impairment losses of property,
        plant and equipment                                   502,097               —               —               —         502,097
     Impairment losses of right-of-use
        assets                                                 42,787               —               —             —            42,787
     Share of net profits of associates                            —                —               —        196,869          196,869


     Note:

     The Group’s revenue from all segments during the year ended 31 December 2024 have been recognised at point in time.



90   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS - NET AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

                                                                                   Assets and liabilities
                                                                        Automobile Architectural
                                                          Float glass         glass            glass    Unallocated           Total
                                                           RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000

     Total assets                                        23,622,776      6,173,720       1,965,539          16,316,261   48,078,296

     Total assets included:
     Investments in associates (Note 14)                          —              —                —          9,203,629    9,203,629
     Investment properties (Note 17)                              —              —                —          1,769,631    1,769,631
     Additions to non-current assets
       (other than financial assets and
       deferred income tax assets)                        4,062,894        267,403         342,233            739,760     5,412,290

     Total liabilities                                    4,097,201      1,669,747         836,759           7,097,448   13,701,155


     A reconciliation of segment gross profit to profit before income tax is provided as follows:

                                                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000

     Segment gross profit                                                                              6,481,792         7,231,757
     Unallocated:
       Other income and gains – net                                                                     722,665            994,456
       Other losses                                                                                     (360,584)         (661,271)
       Selling and marketing expenses                                                               (1,181,758)          (1,055,656)
       Administrative and other operating expenses                                                  (2,220,541)          (2,244,027)
       Net impairment losses on financial assets                                                        (589,826)           (79,759)
       Finance income                                                                                       34,540          46,686
       Finance costs                                                                                    (122,594)         (181,026)
       Share of net profits of associates                                                               141,407            196,869

     Profit before income tax                                                                          2,905,101         4,248,029




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        91
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS - NET AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     Reportable segment assets/(liabilities) are reconciled to total assets/(liabilities) as follows:

                                                                          Assets                               Liabilities

                                                                       2025                2024               2025                2024
                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000

     Segment assets/(liabilities)                               31,752,837          31,762,035           (6,594,659)         (6,603,707)
     Unallocated:
       Property, plant and equipment                             1,522,772           2,068,039                   —                   —
       Right-of-use assets                                       1,622,728           2,109,392                   —                   —
       Investment properties                                     2,793,323           1,769,631                   —                   —
       Prepayments for property, plant and
           equipment, right-of-use assets and
           intangible assets                                         15,697              33,004                  —                   —
       Intangible assets                                             18,228              19,885                  —                   —
       Financial assets at FVTPL                                     32,091              21,928                  —                   —
       Investments in associates                                 9,417,882           9,203,629                   —                   —
       Prepayments, deposits and other
           receivables                                             156,752             921,632                   —                   —
       Cash and bank balances                                      286,753             163,969                   —                   —
       Deferred income tax assets                                     4,565               5,152                  —                   —
       Other payables                                                     —                   —           (261,096)           (436,142)
       Current income tax liabilities                                     —                   —              (3,067)            (68,857)
       Deferred income tax liabilities                                    —                   —           (406,510)           (375,709)
       Bank borrowings                                                    —                   —          (3,500,312)         (6,216,740)

     Total assets/(liabilities)                                 47,623,628          48,078,296          (10,765,644)     (13,701,155)


     The amounts provided to the executive directors with respect to total assets are measured in a manner consistent with
     that of the consolidated financial statements. These assets are allocated based on the operations of the segment.




92   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS - NET AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)

     The Group’s revenue is mainly derived from customers located in Greater China (including Hong Kong and the PRC) and
     other countries whilst the Group’s business activities are conducted predominately in Greater China. An analysis of the
     Group’s sales by geographical area of its customers is as follows:

                                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

     Greater China                                                                               13,305,684        15,247,479
     Other countries                                                                               7,523,330         7,076,090

                                                                                                 20,829,014        22,323,569


     An analysis of the Group’s non-current assets (excluding financial instruments and deferred income tax assets) by
     geographical area in which the assets are located is as follows:

                                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

     Greater China                                                                               32,143,159        33,102,667
     Malaysia                                                                                      1,370,873         1,347,663
     Other countries                                                                               1,980,412         1,761,926

                                                                                                 35,494,444        36,212,256


     None of a single customer accounted for 10% or more of the Group’s revenue for the year ended 31 December 2025
     (2024: None).


6.   OTHER LOSSES

                                                                                                        2025              2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000

     Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                             161,329            33,417
     Impairment losses of property, plant and equipment                                              156,838           502,097
     Impairment losses of right-of-use assets                                                              —            42,787
     Fair value losses on investment properties, net (Note 17)                                        42,417            82,970

                                                                                                     360,584           661,271




                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   93
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


7.   EXPENSES BY NATURE

     Expenses included in cost of sales, selling and marketing expenses, administrative and other operating expenses and net
     impairment losses on financial assets are analysed as follows

                                                                                                             2025           2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000         RMB’000

     Auditor’s remuneration
       – Audit services                                                                                      2,680          2,991

     Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                     1,383,971       1,317,855
     Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note 16)                                                 116,298        129,189
     Amortisation charge of intangible assets (Note 18)                                                    16,400           2,968
     Employee benefit expenses (including directors’ emoluments) (Note 8)                               2,269,191       2,210,505
     Cost of inventories (Note 19)                                                                    10,659,840       11,518,398
     Transportation costs                                                                                 709,509        637,117
     Advertising costs                                                                                       4,104          8,184
     Research and development expenses                                                                    485,132        520,643
     (Reversal of impairment)/impairment loss on trade receivables, net (Note 20)                           (6,658)         9,105
     Impairment losses on other receivables, net (Note 20)                                                596,484         70,654
     Other expenses (Note)                                                                              2,102,396       2,043,645

     Total cost of sales, selling and marketing costs and administrative and
       other operating expenses and net impairment losses on financial assets                         18,339,347       18,471,254


     Note:


     Other expenses mainly comprise custom duty expenses, other tax charges, insurance expenses and sundry expenses.




94   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
8.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES

                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

     Wages and salaries                                                                          1,960,868          1,919,529
     Share options granted to employees (Note 24)                                                   79,944             81,129
     Pension costs – defined contribution plans                                                    228,379            209,847

     Total                                                                                       2,269,191          2,210,505


     The Group participates in a Mandatory Provident Fund scheme (the “MPF scheme”) in accordance with the Mandatory
     Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance of Hong Kong. These plans are funded by contributions from employees and by the
     Group and the Group’s contributions to the plans are expensed as incurred. No forfeited contribution is available to reduce
     the contribution payable in future year. The assets are held separately from those of the Group and managed by related
     independent professional fund managers.

     The Group’s subsidiaries in the PRC, Canada, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia and Saudi Arabia also participate in defined
     contribution retirement schemes covering its employees in the PRC, Canada, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia and Saudi Arabia.
     The schemes are administered by the relevant government authorities in the PRC, Canada, Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia and
     Saudi Arabia. The Group and the eligible employees are required to make contributions based on certain percentages of
     the applicable payroll costs as stipulated under the requirements in the relevant countries. The subsidiaries have no other
     legal or constructive obligation apart from the required contributions under the scheme.

     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no forfeited contributions were utilised by the Group to reduce its contribution
     for the current year (2024: nil). As at 31 December 2025, no forfeited contribution was available to reduce the
     contribution payable in future years.


     FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS
     The five individuals whose emoluments were the highest in the Group for the year include three (2024: four) directors
     whose emoluments are reflected in the analysis shown below. The emoluments payable to the remaining two individual
     (2024: one individual) during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

     Basic salaries and allowances                                                                    2,418             1,411
     Discretionary and performance bonus                                                              7,359             4,746
     Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                          39                21
     Share options granted                                                                            1,149                682

     Total                                                                                          10,965              6,860




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     95
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


8.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)

     FIVE HIGHEST PAID INDIVIDUALS (Continued)
     The emoluments fell within the following bands:

                                                                                                 Number of individuals

                                                                                                      2025               2024

     Emolument bands
     HK$4,500,001 –HK$5,000,000                                                                           1                 —
     HK$5,500,001 – HK$6,000,000                                                                          1                 —
     HK$6,500,001 – HK$7,000,000                                                                         —                      1

                                                                                                          2                     1



     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
     Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the Listing of
     Securities on the Stock Exchange (“Listing Rules”), section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies
     Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000

     Fees                                                                                             3,324             3,335

     Other emoluments:
       – Salaries                                                                                   10,646             12,287
       – Discretionary bonus                                                                        33,350             50,292
       – Employer’s contribution to benefit scheme                                                       51                 51

     Total                                                                                          44,047             62,630




96   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
8.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)

     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2025:

                                                                                      Employer’s
                                                                  Discretionary      contribution
                                                                          bonus        to benefit
     Name of directors (Note (i))              Fees    Salaries       (Note (iii))       scheme         Total
                                            RMB’000   RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000

     Executive directors
       LEE Yin Yee                              277         46           13,660                —       13,983
       TUNG Ching Bor                           277      1,358             2,927              17        4,579
       TUNG Ching Sai                           277      6,680           13,660               17       20,634
       LEE Shing Kan                            277      2,562             5,854              17        8,710

     Non-executive directors
       NG Ngan Ho                               277         —                  —              —              277
       LI Ching Wai                             277         —                  —              —              277
       SZE Nang Sze                             277         —                  —               —             277
       LI Ching Leung                           277         —                  —               —             277

     Independent non-executive
       directors
       Starry, LEE Wai-king                     277         —                  —               —             277
       LAM Kwong Siu                            277         —                  —               —             277
       WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                   277         —                  —              —              277
       TRAN Chuen Wah, John                     277         —                  —              —              277




                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     97
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


8.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)

     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     For the year ended 31 December 2024:

                                                                                               Employer’s
                                                                            Discretionary     contribution
                                                                                   bonus        to benefit
     Name of directors (Note (i))                        Fees    Salaries      (Note (iii))       scheme        Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000

     Executive directors
       LEE Yin Yee                                       276          46          17,602               —      17,924
       TUNG Ching Bor                                    276      2,338             7,544              17     10,175
       TUNG Ching Sai                                    276      7,385           17,602               17     25,280
       LEE Shing Kan                                     276      2,518             7,544              17     10,355

     Non-executive directors
       NG Ngan Ho                                        276          —                 —              —         276
       LI Ching Wai                                      276          —                 —              —         276
       SZE Nang Sze                                      276          —                 —              —         276
       LI Ching Leung                                    276          —                 —              —         276

     Independent non-executive
       directors
       YANG Siu Shun                                     138          —                 —              —         138
       Starry, LEE Wai-king                              161          —                 —              —         161
       LAM Kwong Siu                                     276          —                 —              —         276
       WONG Chat Chor, Samuel                            276          —                 —              —         276
       TRAN Chuen Wah, John                              276          —                 —              —         276




98   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
8.   EMPLOYEE BENEFIT EXPENSES (Continued)

     DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
     Notes

     (i)     During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, none of the directors of the Company (a) received any allowances and
             benefits in kind; (b) received or paid emoluments in respect of their other services in connection with the management of the
             affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking, except for the director set out in Note (v) below; and (c) received or paid any
             remuneration in respect of accepting office.

     (ii)    The remuneration shown above represents remuneration received from the Group by these directors in respect of their services as
             directors and/or in their respect of their services as employees of the Company or its subsidiaries undertaking.

     (iii)   The discretionary bonus is determined with reference to the operating results of the Group during the respective years.

     (iv)    On 31 May 2024, YANG Siu Shun retired as an independent non-executive director and Starry LEE Wai-king had been appointed as
             an independent non-executive director and approved by the shareholders at the annual general meeting.

     (v)     TUNG Ching Sai is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Group and his remuneration disclosed above include those for services
             rendered by him as the Chief Executive Officer.


9.   FINANCE INCOME AND COSTS

                                                                                                                      2025                  2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000

     Finance income:
     Interest income on bank deposits                                                                               34,540               46,686

                                                                                                                    34,540               46,686

     Finance costs:
     Interest on lease liabilities (Note 16)                                                                            397                  779
     Interest on bank borrowings                                                                                   177,202              268,784

                                                                                                                   177,599              269,563

     Less: Amounts capitalised on qualifying assets (Note 15)                                                      (55,005)              (88,537)

                                                                                                                   122,594              181,026




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED              99
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE

                                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000

      Current income tax
            – Hong Kong profits tax (Note (b))                                                                       14,332               83,318
            – PRC corporate income tax (Note (c))                                                                  473,466              562,853
            – Overseas income tax (Note (d))                                                                         33,737                2,298
            – Over provision in prior years (Note (e))                                                            (402,628)              (30,864)
            – Withholding tax on remitted earnings (Note (f))                                                        59,860             200,026

                                                                                                                   178,767              817,631
      Deferred income tax (Note 28)
            – Decrease/(increase) in deferred income tax assets                                                         587               (1,164)
            – (Decrease)/increase in deferred income tax liabilities                                                (11,687)              59,652

                                                                                                                    (11,100)              58,488

                                                                                                                   167,667              876,119

      Notes:
      (a)      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law,
               Cap.22 (Law 3 of 1961, as consolidated and revised) of the Cayman Islands and, accordingly, is exempted from payment of the
               Cayman Islands income tax.

      (b)      Hong Kong profits tax

               Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable profits arising in Hong
               Kong during the year.
      (c)      PRC corporate income tax (“CIT”)

               CIT is provided on the estimated taxable profits of the subsidiaries established in the PRC for the year, calculated in accordance
               with the relevant tax rules and regulations.

               The applicable CIT rates in the PRC is 25% (2024: 25%). Certain major subsidiaries located in Chongqing, Deyang, Dongguan,
               Guangxi, Shenzhen, Tianjin, Wuhu, Yingkou and Zhangjiagang enjoy high-tech enterprise income tax benefit and are entitled to a
               preferential tax treatment of reduction in the CIT rate to 15% (2024: 15%).

      (d)      Overseas income tax

               Taxation on overseas profits has been calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the rates of taxation prevailing
               in the countries in which the Group operates. Overseas income tax mainly represents Malaysia income tax which has been
               calculated on the estimated assessable profits for the year at the standard Malaysia corporate income tax rate of 24% (2024:
               24%).

      (e)      Over provision in prior years

               Over provision in prior years mainly represent the settlement of a tax case resulting in reversal on income tax provision of
               RMB403,778,000.

      (f)      Withholding tax on remitted earnings

               Withholding tax rate on remitted earnings from the PRC subsidiaries is 5%.



100   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
    (g)      The Group falls within the scope of the Global Anti Base Erosion Model Rules (“Pillar Two Model Rules”) issued by the Organisation
             for Economic Co-operation and Development, with subsidiaries operating in some jurisdictions that have legislated domestic Pillar
             Two income tax requirements in alignment with this framework.

             The Group’s earnings are subject to domestic minimum top up taxes in Hong Kong, Indonesia, Malaysia (effective from 1 January
             2025), Japan (since 1 April 2024) and Canada (since 1 January 2024). From 1 January 2025, the Group is also liable to Pillar Two
             income taxes under the Hong Kong Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance
             2025 in respect of its earnings from operations in British Virgin Islands, Cayman Islands, Mainland China and Saudi Arabia, even
             though these jurisdictions have not yet enacted Pillar Two legislation.

             The Group has assessed its potential Pillar Two income tax exposure in these jurisdictions based on the information available
             regarding the financial performance of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2025. Based on the assessment, all of the
             jurisdictions the Group operates, except for Hong Kong and Mainland China, qualify for the Transitional Country-by-Country
             Reporting (“CbCR”) Safe Harbor, and as a result, the Pillar Two income tax exposure for these jurisdictions is deemed to be zero.
             The Group notes that Hong Kong and Mainland China does not qualify for the Transitional CbCR Safe Harbor, and the Group has
             provided for tax provision in respect of the identified potential exposure in respect of Pillar Two top-up taxes on earnings in Hong
             Kong and Mainland China and is in the view that the remaining potential exposure is immaterial.

             The Group applies the exception to recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar
             Two income taxes, as provided in the amendments to HKAS 12 issued in May 2023.

             The Group will continue to monitor developments in Pillar Two legislation across relevant jurisdictions and assess the potential
             future impact on its financial statements.

    The tax on the Group’s profit before income tax differs from the theoretical amount that would arise using the weighted
    average tax rate applicable to profits of the consolidated entities as follows:

                                                                                                                     2025                 2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000

    Profit before income tax                                                                                   2,905,101            4,248,029
    Share of associates’ results reported                                                                       (141,407)            (196,869)

                                                                                                               2,763,694            4,051,160

    Calculated at weighted average tax rate of 26.1% (2024: 24.3%)                                               721,507              982,417
    Preferential tax rates on income of certain PRC and overseas subsidiaries                                   (282,883)            (338,498)
    Over provision in prior years                                                                               (402,628)              (30,864)
    Tax losses for which no deferred income tax asset was recognised                                               21,214             137,086
    Income not subject to tax                                                                                   (152,872)            (103,765)
    Expenses not deductible for tax purposes                                                                     203,469                29,717
    Tax effect of withholding tax on the distributable profits of the Group’s
          PRC subsidiaries                                                                                         59,860             200,026

    Income tax expense                                                                                           167,667              876,119




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           101
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


11. EARNINGS PER SHARE

      BASIC:
      Basic earnings per share is calculated by dividing the profit attributable to equity holders of the Company by the weighted
      average number of ordinary shares in issue after taking into account the effect of the issuance of new shares and share
      repurchased and cancellation stated in Notes 23(a), 23(b) and 24 during 2025 and 2024.

                                                                                                        2025               2024

      Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                               2,729,004         3,369,173

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,379,593         4,252,139

      Basic earnings per share (RMB cents)                                                             62.31              79.23



      DILUTED:
      Diluted earnings per share is calculated by adjusting the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding to
      assume conversion of all dilutive potential ordinary shares. The dilutive potential ordinary shares of the Company are share
      options. The calculation for share options is determined by the number of shares that could have been acquired at fair
      value (determined as the average annual market share price of the Company’s shares) based on the monetary value of the
      subscription rights attached to the outstanding share options. The number of shares calculated as above is compared with
      the number of shares that would have been issued assuming the exercise of the share options.

                                                                                                        2025               2024

      Earnings
      Profit attributable to equity holders of the Company (RMB’000)                               2,729,004         3,369,173
      Share of profit of an associate as a result of diluted earnings
        at associate level (RMB’000)                                                                       (1)                —

      Profit used to determine diluted earnings per share (RMB’000)                                2,729,003         3,369,173

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousands)                              4,379,593         4,252,139
      Adjustments for:
      Share options (thousands)                                                                            —                  —

      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for diluted earnings
        per share (thousands)                                                                      4,379,593         4,252,139

      Diluted earnings per share (RMB cents)                                                           62.31              79.23




102   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
12. DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

   Interim dividend of HK$0.125 (2024: HK$0.31) per share (Note (a))                                        501,802           1,225,025
   Proposed final dividend of HK$0.215 (2024: final dividend of HK$0.10)
         per share (Note (b))                                                                               855,589             408,444

                                                                                                          1,357,391           1,633,469


   Notes:

   (a)      During the year ended 31 December 2025, an interim dividend of HK$0.125 per share (2024: HK$0.31 per share) was partially
            paid in cash and partially settled by the issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend for 2025 interim dividend whose names
            appeared on the Register of Members of the Company on 20 August 2025 (2024: 19 August 2024). Shares issued during the year
            on the shareholders’ election to receive shares are set out in Note 23.

   (b)      A final dividend in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 of HK$0.215 per share (2024: HK$0.10 per share), amounting to
            a total dividend of RMB855,589,000 (2024: RMB408,444,000), is to be proposed at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting. The
            amount of 2025 proposed final dividend is based on 4,424,108,852 shares in issue as at 31 January 2026 (2024: 4,357,192,919
            shares in issue as at 31 January 2025). These consolidated financial statements do not reflect the payable of proposed final
            dividend.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     103
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13. SUBSIDIARIES

      Details of the principal subsidiaries at 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                                                      Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                      of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                          shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of               Principal               Particulars of                       directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         activities              issued/                           held by the      held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of            registered             Interest    Company      the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation               share capital             held           (%)           (%)           (%)

      Kangchen Plastic (Shenzhen)    The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      plastic products        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB3,280,000

      Shenzhen Benson Automobile     The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
        Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB140,000,000

      Dongguan Benson Automobile The PRC, limited           Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
        Glass Company Limited          liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              US$45,980,000

      Xinyi Automobile Glass         The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
        (Shenzhen) Company Limited     liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              RMB364,173,022

      Xinyi Automobile Parts (Wuhu) The PRC, limited        Manufacturing of        Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC              US$51,800,000

      Xinyi Glass (Tianjin)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and          100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                              architectural glass     US$126,000,000
                                                              in the PRC




104   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
13. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                                        Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                        of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                            shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of               Principal              Particulars of                          directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         activities             issued/                              held by the      held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of           registered                Interest    Company      the Group        interest
    Name                             kind of legal entity   operation              share capital                held           (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Ultra-thin Glass           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of       Registered and             100%              —          100%             —
      (Dongguan) Company               liability company      float glass            paid up capital of
      Limited                                                 in the PRC             US$80,000,000

    Xinyi Glass Japan                Japan, limited liability Trading of automobile Authorised and paid up      55%             —           55%           45%
      Company Limited                  company                glass in Japan         capital of 400
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     JP¥50,000 each

    Xinyi Auto Glass                 Canada, limited        Trading of automobile Authorised and paid           70%             —           70%           30%
      (North America) Corporation      liability company      glass in Canada        up capital of 100,000
                                                                                     common shares of
                                                                                     CAD0.1 each

    Xinyi Group (Glass)              Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding     1,000 ordinary shares      100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited                  liability company      and trading
                                                              in Hong Kong

    Xinyi International              Hong Kong, limited     Investment holding     10,000 ordinary shares     100%              —          100%             —
      Investments Limited              liability company      and trading
                                                              in Hong Kong

    Xinyi Glass (BVI) Limited        The British Virgin     Investment holding     Authorised and paid        100%           100%          100%             —
      (Previously known as             Islands, limited       in Hong Kong           up capital of 55,000
      Xinyi Automobile Glass (BVI)     liability company                             ordinary shares of
      Company Limited                                                                US$1 each




                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           105
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                                         Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                         of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                             shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                       Place of               Principal               Particulars of                        directly       shares       by non-
                                       incorporation/         activities              issued/                            held by the      held by    controlling
                                       establishment and      and place of            registered              Interest    Company      the Group        interest
      Name                             kind of legal entity   operation               share capital              held           (%)           (%)           (%)

      Xinyi Energy Smart (Wuhu)        The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and           100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      of float glass and      paid up capital of
                                                                architectural glass     US$58,500,000
                                                                in the PRC

      Xinyi Special Glass (Jiangmen)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered capital of    100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      float glass             US$180,800,000
                                                                in the PRC              and total paid
                                                                                        up capital
                                                                                        of US$131,860,000

      Xinyi Glass Engineering          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and           100%              —          100%             —
        (Dongguan) Company               liability company      architectural glass      paid up capital of
        Limited                                                 in the PRC               US$60,000,000

      Xinyi Glass (Yingkou)            The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered and           100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                  liability company      of float glass          paid up capital of
                                                                and architectural       US$119,000,000
                                                                glass in the PRC

      Xinyi Automobile Parts           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and           100%              —          100%             —
        (Tianjin) Company Limited        liability company      automobile glass        paid up capital of
                                                                in the PRC              US$57,150,000

      Xinyi Glass (Xiamen) Co. Ltd     The PRC, limited       Conducting research     Registered and           100%           100%          100%             —
                                         liability company      and trading             paid up capital of
                                                                of glass in the PRC     HK$120,000,000




106   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
13. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                                     Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                     of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                         shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                   Place of               Principal             Particulars of                          directly       shares       by non-
                                   incorporation/         activities            issued/                              held by the      held by    controlling
                                   establishment and      and place of          registered                Interest    Company      the Group        interest
    Name                           kind of legal entity   operation             share capital                held           (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Electronic Glass         The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of      Registered and              100%             —          100%             —
      (Wuhu) Company Limited         liability company      electronic glass      paid up capital of
                                                            in the PRC            US$60,630,000

    Xinyi Energy Smart (Sichuan)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing         Registered and              100%             —          100%             —
      Company Limited                liability company      of float glass        paid up capital of
                                                            and architectural     US$99,000,000
                                                            glass in the PRC

    Xinyi Energy Smart             Malaysia, limited      Manufacturing of      Registered and              100%             —          100%             —
      (Malaysia) SDN.BHD             liability company      float glass and       paid up capital of
                                                            automobile glass      RM$20,000,000
                                                            in Malaysia

    Xinyi Wind Power (Jinzhai)     The PRC, limited       Operate wind farm     Registered and                 Nil           —             Nil           Nil
      Company Limited                liability company      for electricity       paid up capital of   (2024: 82%)                 (2024: 82%)   (2024: 18%)
                                                            generation            RMB12,195,129
                                                            in the PRC




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           107
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                                         Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                         of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                             shares    of ordinary   shares held
                                     Place of               Principal                Particulars of                         directly       shares       by non-
                                     incorporation/         activities               issued/                             held by the      held by    controlling
                                     establishment and      and place of             registered               Interest    Company      the Group        interest
      Name                           kind of legal entity   operation                share capital               held           (%)           (%)           (%)

      Xinyi Glass (Bozhou)           The PRC, limited       Manufacturing and        Registered and            100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      sales of glass           paid up capital of
                                                              products                 RMB 10,000,000
                                                              in the PRC

      Xinyi Glass (GuangXi)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and paid up    100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass and          capital of RMB
                                                              automobile glass         650,000,000
                                                              in the PRC

      Guangxi Xinyi Supply Chain     The PRC, limited       Provision of supply      Registered and            100%              —          100%             —
        Management                     liability company      chain services           paid up capital of
        Company Limited                                       in the PRC               RMB3,000,000

      Beihai Xinhe Logistics         The PRC, limited       Provision of logistic    Registered and            100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      and related services     paid up capital of
                                                              in the PRC               RMB1,500,000

      Xinyi Glass (Jiangsu)          The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of         Registered and            100%              —          100%             —
        Company Limited                liability company      float glass and          paid up capital of
                                                              architectural glass      US$200,000,000
                                                              in the PRC

      Ultimate Luck Global Limited   The British Virgin     Investment holding       Authorised and paid         60%             —           60%           40%
                                       Islands, limited       in Hong Kong             up capital of 50,000
                                       liability company                               ordinary shares of
                                                                                       US$1each




108   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
13. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                                     Proportion                  Proportion
                                                                                                                     of ordinary   Proportion    of ordinary
                                                                                                                         shares    of ordinary   shares held
                               Place of               Principal               Particulars of                            directly       shares       by non-
                               incorporation/         activities              issued/                                held by the      held by    controlling
                               establishment and      and place of            registered                  Interest    Company      the Group        interest
    Name                       kind of legal entity   operation               share capital                  held           (%)           (%)           (%)

    Xinyi Glass (Hainan)       The PRC, limited       Manufacturing of        Registered and paid up       100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited            liability company      float glass and         capital of
                                                        automobile glass        RMB19,322,075,000
                                                        in the PRC

    Cheer Wise Investment      Hong Kong, limited     Property and car        1 ordinary share               60%             —           60%           40%
      Limited                    liability company      parks holding
                                                        in Hong Kong

    Xinyi Supply Chain         The PRC, limited       Providing supply        Registered and paid up       100%              —          100%             —
      Management (Jiangsu)       liability company      chain service           capital of
      Company Limited                                   in the PRC              US$67,000,000
                                                                                (2024:
                                                                                US$47,000,000)

    Xinyi Glass (Chongqin)     The PRC, limited       Manufacturing float     Registered and paid up       100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited            liability company      glass and Low-E         capital of
                                                        products in the PRC     RMB968,000,000

    Hepu Xinyi New Materials   The PRC, limited       Mining in the PRC       Registered and paid up       100%              —          100%             —
      Company Limited            liability company                              capital of
                                                                                RMB10,660,000

    PT Xinyi Glass Indonesia   Indonesia, limited     Manufacturing           Registered and paid          100%              —          100%             —
                                 liability company      of float glass,         up capital of
                                                        automobile glass        Indonesia Rupiah
                                                        and architectural       10,000,000,000
                                                        glass in Indonesia




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           109
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


13. SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)

                                                                                                                        Proportion                    Proportion
                                                                                                                        of ordinary   Proportion      of ordinary
                                                                                                                            shares    of ordinary     shares held
                                      Place of               Principal               Particulars of                        directly         shares       by non-
                                      incorporation/         activities              issued/                            held by the        held by    controlling
                                      establishment and      and place of            registered              Interest    Company      the Group          interest
      Name                            kind of legal entity   operation               share capital              held           (%)            (%)            (%)

      Xinyi Energy Smart (Jiangmen)   The PRC, limited       Manufacturing           Registered capital of    100%              —           100%              —
        Company Limited                 liability company      of float glass and      US$105,500,000
                                                               architectural glass     and paid
                                                               in the PRC              up capital of
                                                                                       US$105,424,638



      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results
      for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in
      the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.


14. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                                  2025                    2024
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Investments in associates
      At 1 January                                                                                                          9,203,629                9,066,707
      Currency translation differences                                                                                         (20,017)               102,576
      Addition to investment in associates (Note)                                                                             166,678                 288,313
      Disposal of investment in an associate                                                                                     (8,087)                     —
      Share of net profits of associates                                                                                      141,407                 196,869
      Share of other comprehensive income                                                                                       44,207                 57,668
      Dividends received                                                                                                     (109,935)                (508,504)

      At 31 December                                                                                                        9,417,882                9,203,629

      Share of net assets                                                                                                   8,043,515                7,769,248
      Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                               1,374,367                1,434,381

      At 31 December                                                                                                        9,417,882                9,203,629




110   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
14. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   Notes:

    On 10 October 2025, Xinyi Solar Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Solar”) recommended the declaration the payment of 2025 interim dividend of
    4.2 HK cents per ordinary share to its shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares
    of 28,848,721 shares at the market price of HK$3.13 per share, totaled RMB82,639,000.

    On 10 October 2025, Xinyi Energy Holdings Limited (“Xinyi Energy”) recommended the declaration the payment of 2025 interim dividend
    of 2.9 HK cents per ordinary share to its shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares
    of 12,131,470 shares at the market price of HK$1.14 per share, totaled RMB12,615,000.

    On 30 July 2025, Xinyi Energy recommended the declaration the payment of 2024 final dividend of 2.7 HK cents per ordinary share to
    its shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of 13,045,685 shares at the market
    price of HK$0.96 per share, totaled RMB11,424,000.

    During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group invested in Ordos City Shuangxin New Material Company Limited (“Shuangxin”)
    at cost of RMB60,000,000 (2024: RMB24,000,000) representing a total of 30% (2024: 30%) of the ordinary shares of Shuangxin issued
    during the year.

    During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Group disposed its entire equity interest in Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited with
    carrying value of RMB8,087,000, no gain or loss on disposal was recognised.

    On 16 October 2024, Xinyi Solar recommended the declaration the payment of 2024 interim dividend of 10 HK cents per share to its
    shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of 66,151,265 shares at the market
    price of HK$3.15 per share, totaled RMB196,020,000.

    On 16 October 2024, Xinyi Energy recommended the declaration the payment of 2024 interim dividend of 2.3 HK cents per share to its
    shareholders. As a result, the Group as the eligible shareholders elected to receive the scrip shares of 13,453,306 shares at the market
    price of HK$0.77 per share, totaled RMB9,745,000.

    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group invested in Jiangsu Dannai New Material Company Limited (“Dannai”) at cost of
    RMB30,000,000 representing a total of 30% of the ordinary shares of Dannai.

    During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group invested in PT Anxin Mining and Processing (“Anxin”) at cost of RMB3,548,000
    representing a total of 35% of the ordinary shares of Anxin.

    During January to February 2021, the Group entered into an investment agreement and subscribed for 50% ordinary shares of Wuxuan
    Xinbao Mining Company Limited (“Wuxuan Xinbao”) at a consideration of RMB25,000,000. According to the investment agreement,
    the Group will transfer the 50% interests to the other investor of Wuxuan Xinbao at RMB25,000,000 at the end of a 20-year operating
    period and the consideration shall be settled by Wuxuan Xinbao. Wuxuan Xinbao paid the Group an annual sum of RMB2,000,000
    and the Group did not entitle to any profit or loss of Wuxuan Xinbao during the 20-year operating period. During the year ended 31
    December 2024, the Group entered into a supplemental agreement for Wuxuan Xinbao, the Group would entitle to profit or loss of
    Wuxuan Xinbao and Wuxuan Xinbao would not pay the Group any annual sum. Therefore, the amount paid to Wuxuan Xinbao was
    reclassified from loans to an associate under amortised cost to investments in associates in that year.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED            111
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


14. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      Details of the principal associates at 31 December 2025 are as follows:

                                                                                         Principal activities and
      Name                                   Particulars of registered share capital     place of operation                         Interest held

      Xinyi Solar (Note (i))                 Authorised capital of                       Production and sales of                         23.82%
                                               HK$8,000,000,000 and total                  solar glass products in the PRC, and    (2024: 23.68%)
                                               paid up capital of HK$914,704,000           development and operation of solar
                                               (2024: HK$8,000,000,000 and total           farms and provision of engineering
                                               paid up capital of HK$907,845,000)          procurement and construction services

      Xinyi Energy (Note (ii))               Authorised capital of HK$8,000,000,000      Management and operations of                     5.74%
                                               and total paid up capital                   solar farms in the PRC                   (2024: 5.54%)
                                               of HK$85,197,000 (2024:
                                               HK$8,000,000,000 and total paid of
                                               HK$83,767,000)

      Xinyi Silicon Holdings Limited         Registered and paid up capital of           Production and sales of silicon                    48%
        (“Xinyi Silicon”)                      RMB120,000,000 (2024: same)                 products in the PRC

      Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited Registered and paid up capital of            Exploration, mining and trading of        Nil (2024: 45%)
                                               RMB25,454,500 (2024: same)                  silica in the PRC

      Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke          Registered and paid up capital of           Provision of natural gas                           25%
        Natural Gas Investment                 RMB10,000,000 (2024: same)                  in the PRC
        Company Limited

      Wuxuan Xinbao Mining                   Registered and paid up capital of           Mining in the PRC                                  50%
        Company Limited                        RMB50,000,000 (2024: same)

      Jiangsu Lianxun Technology             Registered capital of                       Provision of technology service                    30%
        Company Ltd.                           RMB30,000,000 and paid up capital of        in the PRC
                                               RMB10,000,000 (2024: same)

      Dannai                                 Registered capital and paid up capital of   Manufacturing, developing and trading              30%
                                               RMB100,000,000 (2024: same)                 of refractory materials in the PRC

      Shuangxin                              Registered capital of RMB450,000,000        Manufacturing and trading of                       30%
                                               and paid up capital of RMB280,000,000       resin in the PRC
                                               (2024: RMB79,400,000)

      Anxin                                  Registered and paid up capital of           Processing and production of                       35%
                                                IDR22,000,000,000 (2024: same)             silica sand in Indonesia




112   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
14. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    The following is a list of the associates as at 31 December 2025: (continued)

   Notes:

    (i)     As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Solar, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
            RMB5,820,603,000 (2024: RMB6,350,418,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was RMB8,355,290,000 (2024:
            RMB8,159,354,000).

    (ii)    As at 31 December 2025, the fair value of the Group’s interest in Xinyi Energy, which is listed on the Stock Exchange, was
            RMB483,865,000 (2024: RMB344,709,000) and the carrying amount of the Group’s interest was RMB907,660,000 (2024:
            RMB869,976,000).

            During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, Xinyi Energy remained a subsidiary of Xinyi Solar.

    There are no contingent liabilities relating to the Group’s investments in the associates.


    SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES
    (a)     Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar and its subsidiaries which is accounted for
            using the equity method:


            Summarised consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                                               2025            2024
                                                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000

            Current
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                    4,986,259         821,606
            Other current assets (excluding cash)                                                       15,247,254      16,741,335

            Total current assets                                                                        20,233,513      17,562,941
            Current liabilities                                                                        (13,251,814)    (15,343,872)
            Non-current
            Assets                                                                                      36,682,555      39,369,543
            Liabilities                                                                                 (8,727,895)     (7,180,740)

            Net assets                                                                                  34,936,359      34,407,872




                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    113
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


14. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar and its subsidiaries which is accounted for
            using the equity method: (Continued)


            Summarised consolidated profit or loss
                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

            Revenue                                                                           20,861,164        21,921,447
            Depreciation and amortisation                                                     (2,173,602)       (2,025,408)
            Interest income                                                                       18,336            23,279
            Interest expense                                                                    (339,702)         (432,107)

            Profit before income tax                                                           1,151,831         1,935,298
            Income tax expense                                                                  (492,262)         (526,227)

            Post-tax profit for the year                                                         659,569         1,409,071
            Other comprehensive income                                                            89,994           242,648

            Total comprehensive income                                                           749,563         1,651,719

            Dividend received from Xinyi Solar                                                    82,639           484,236




114   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
14. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    (a)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Solar and its subsidiaries which is accounted for
          using the equity method: (Continued)


          Summarised consolidated profit or loss (Continued)
          Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Solar presented to the carrying amount of interest in an
          associate:

                                                                                                    2025               2024
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000

          Opening net assets                                                                  34,407,872        34,495,099
          Total comprehensive income for the year                                                749,563          1,651,719
          Transactions with owners                                                              (221,076)        (1,738,946)

          Closing net assets                                                                  34,936,359        34,407,872
          Less: non-controlling interests                                                      (5,104,516)       (5,356,082)

          Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Solar                            29,831,843        29,051,790

          The Group’s ownership interest                                                          23.82%            23.68%
                                                                                               7,105,945          6,879,464
          Goodwill                                                                             1,248,932          1,257,153
          Intangible assets and other assets and liabilities                                          413            22,737

          Carrying amount                                                                      8,355,290          8,159,354




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    115
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


14. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

      SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
      (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy and its subsidiaries which is accounted for
            using the equity method:


            Summarised consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

            Current
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                             950,638           354,238
            Other current assets (excluding cash)                                               4,658,891         4,586,881

            Total current assets                                                                5,609,529         4,941,119
            Current liabilities                                                                (2,883,630)       (3,177,745)
            Non-current
            Assets                                                                             16,806,696        16,727,382
            Liabilities                                                                        (6,294,298)       (5,986,271)

            Net assets                                                                         13,238,297        12,504,485



            Summarised consolidated profit or loss
                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

            Revenue                                                                             2,453,308         2,440,447
            Depreciation and amortisation                                                        (779,824)         (693,578)
            Interest income                                                                         3,090             2,602
            Interest expense                                                                     (277,483)         (364,775)

            Profit before income tax                                                            1,311,496         1,167,722
            Income tax expense                                                                   (301,875)         (376,220)

            Post-tax profit for the year                                                        1,009,621           791,502
            Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                      17,233          (115,884)

            Total comprehensive income                                                          1,026,854           675,618

            Dividend received from Xinyi Energy                                                    24,039            20,529




116   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
14. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)

    SUMMARISED FINANCIAL INFORMATION FOR MATERIAL ASSOCIATES (Continued)
    (b)   Set out below is the summarised financial information for Xinyi Energy and its subsidiaries which is accounted for
          using the equity method: (Continued)

          Reconciliation of summarised financial information of Xinyi Energy presented to the carrying amount of interest in
          an associate:

                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

          Opening net assets                                                                   12,504,485        12,129,619
          Total comprehensive income for the year                                               1,026,854            675,618
          Transactions with owners                                                               (293,042)          (300,752)

          Closing net assets                                                                   13,238,297        12,504,485
          Add: non-controlling interests                                                               391                 —

          Closing net assets attributable to owners of Xinyi Energy                            13,238,688        12,504,485

          The Group’s ownership interest                                                            5.74%             5.54%
                                                                                                  759,901            692,748
          Goodwill                                                                                147,759            177,228

          Carrying amount                                                                         907,660            869,976


          The information above reflects the amounts presented in the financial statements of the associates adjusted for
          differences in accounting policies between the Group and the associates, if any.


    INDIVIDUALLY IMMATERIAL ASSOCIATES
    In addition to the interests in the material associates disclosed above, the Group also has interests in eight (2024: nine)
    individually immaterial associates that are accounted for using the equity method.

                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

    Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates                               154,932            174,299
    Aggregate amounts of the Group’s share of:
    Loss from continuing operations                                                                (92,202)          (57,325)
    Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                                              24,208              (8,747)
    Total comprehensive loss                                                                       (67,994)          (66,072)




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    117
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT

                                           Construction   Freehold                  Plant and        Office
                                            in progress      land    Buildings     machinery     equipment          Total
                                             RMB’000      RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

      At 1 January 2025
      Cost                                   4,133,150     148,968   6,490,586     19,801,344      304,395     30,878,443
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                                  —           —    (1,985,642)   (9,768,083)     (213,258) (11,966,983)

      Net book amount                        4,133,150     148,968   4,504,944     10,033,261        91,137    18,911,460

      Year ended 31 December 2025
      Opening net book amount               4,133,150     148,968    4,504,944     10,033,261       91,137     18,911,460
      Currency translation differences         (98,915)      9,679      26,868        35,313            42        (27,013)
      Additions                             1,424,593           —       13,614       516,179         7,527      1,961,913
      Transfer                              (4,577,923)         —    1,524,178      3,023,313       30,432             —
      Transfer to investment
        properties (Note 17)                        —           —     (397,966)            —             —       (397,966)
      Impairment                                    —           —            —       (156,838)           —       (156,838)
      Disposals                                (29,521)         —     (243,384)       (33,913)        (741)      (307,559)
      Surrender of assets                           —           —      (12,955)            —             —        (12,955)
      Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 30)            —           —      (46,080)      (198,289)           —       (244,369)
      Depreciation charge                           —           —     (253,705)    (1,331,489)      (17,634)   (1,602,828)

      Closing net book amount                 851,384     158,647    5,115,514     11,887,537      110,763     18,123,845

      At 31 December 2025
      Cost                                     851,384     158,647   7,254,309     22,181,694      334,715     30,780,749
      Accumulated depreciation and
        impairment                                  —           —    (2,138,795) (10,294,157)      (223,952) (12,656,904)

      Net book amount                         851,384     158,647    5,115,514     11,887,537      110,763     18,123,845




118   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

                                       Construction     Freehold                     Plant and         Office
                                        in progress         land      Buildings     machinery     equipment            Total
                                         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000

   At 1 January 2024
   Cost                                 1,110,364        140,568      6,240,720    19,787,298        267,984     27,546,934
   Accumulated depreciation                     —             —      (1,748,388)    (9,022,556)     (172,664)    (10,943,608)

   Net book amount                      1,110,364        140,568      4,492,332    10,764,742         95,320     16,603,326

   Year ended 31 December 2024
   Opening net book amount             1,110,364        140,568      4,492,332     10,764,742         95,320     16,603,326
   Currency translation differences           406          8,400        34,580         42,832              53        86,271
   Additions                           4,026,289              —         69,547        357,947         35,322      4,489,105
   Transfers                           (1,003,909)            —        319,224        681,913          2,772              —
   Transfer to investment
     properties (Note 17)                       —             —       (190,316)             —              —       (190,316)
   Impairment                                   —             —              —       (502,097)             —       (502,097)
   Disposals                                    —             —          (2,018)     (118,419)           (326)     (120,763)
   Depreciation charge                          —             —       (218,405)    (1,193,657)       (42,004)    (1,454,066)

   Closing net book amount             4,133,150        148,968      4,504,944     10,033,261         91,137     18,911,460

   At 31 December 2024
   Cost                                 4,133,150        148,968      6,490,586    19,801,344        304,395     30,878,443
   Accumulated depreciation and
     impairment                                 —             —      (1,985,642)    (9,768,083)     (213,258)    (11,966,983)

   Net book amount                      4,133,150        148,968      4,504,944    10,033,261         91,137     18,911,460


   Depreciation expense of approximately RMB1,164,156,000 (2024: RMB1,120,820,000) has been charged in cost of
   sales, RMB219,815,000 (2024: RMB197,035,000) in selling and marketing costs and administrative and other operating
   expenses and RMB1,534,990,000 (2024: RMB1,316,133,000) has been capitalised in inventories.

   During the year, the Group capitalised borrowing costs amounted to RMB55,005,000 (2024: RMB88,537,000) on
   qualifying assets (Note 9). Borrowing costs were capitalised at the weighted average rate of its general borrowings of 2.5%
   (2024: 3.4%) per annum.

   During the year ended 31 December 2025, part of the float glass production facilities in certain locations in the PRC
   ceased operations due to suspension on a permanent basis or update and transformation. Certain production assets were
   scrapped and the loss incurred for those scrapped assets were RMB156,838,000 (2024: RMB502,097,000).




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    119
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


15. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)

      ACCOUNTING POLICY OF DEPRECIATION METHODS AND USEFUL LIVES
      Construction in progress represents buildings, plant and machinery and other office equipment on which construction or
      installation work has not been completed and which, upon completion, management intends to hold for glass production
      purposes. Construction in progress is carried at cost which includes development and construction expenditures
      incurred and interest and other direct costs attributable to the development less any accumulated impairment losses. On
      completion, construction in progress is transferred to appropriate categories of property, plant and equipment.

      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment commences when the assets are ready for use.

      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated using the straight-line method to allocate their costs to their
      residual values over their estimated useful lives, as follows:

      – Buildings                                                                                             20-30 years
      – Plant and machinery                                                                                   5-20 years
      – Office equipment                                                                                      3-7 years

      See note 37.5 for the other accounting policies relevant to property, plant and equipment.


16. LEASES

      THE GROUP AS A LEASEE
      The Group has lease contracts for various items of assets used in its operations. The Group acquired leasehold lands
      in Mainland China and Indonesia by one-off prepayment with lease terms of 19 to 50 years. The leasehold lands were
      classified as “right-of-use assets”. The Group also leases various offices and warehouses. Rental contracts are typically
      made for fixed periods of 1 year to 3 years.

      Lease terms for offices and warehouses are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range of different terms
      and conditions. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the eased assets
      that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.




120   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
16. LEASES (Continued)

    THE GROUP AS A LEASEE (Continued)
    (a)   The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movement during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

          Right-of-use assets
          At 1 January                                                                                       3,874,347            3,977,852
          Additions                                                                                            451,251              175,658
          Depreciation charge                                                                                 (116,298)            (130,249)
          Transfer to investment properties (Note 17)                                                         (460,449)            (105,453)
          Impairment (Note)                                                                                           —              (42,787)
          Surrender of leasehold land                                                                            (2,591)                   —
          Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 30)                                                                     (2,509)                   —
          Currency translation difference                                                                        (1,556)                 (674)

          At 31 December                                                                                     3,742,195            3,874,347

          Analysed into:
          Leasehold land and land-use rights                                                                 3,739,429            3,865,696
          Buildings                                                                                               2,766                8,651

                                                                                                             3,742,195            3,874,347


          Note:

          As at 31 December 2024, due to the downturn of the property development market in Mainland China, the Group performed
          an impairment test on a leasehold land located in Guangxi, the PRC which is an unallocated asset in segment reporting. The
          recoverable amount of the leasehold land was RMB306,000,000 which was determined based on its fair value less cost of
          disposal using the current prices in an active market for similar properties in the same location and condition and subject to similar
          lease. The fair value measurement was categorised within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. The key assumption involved in the
          impairment test was the market value which is RMB136,000 per square meter. The increase in the market value adopted would
          result in an increase in the fair value measurement of the right-of-use asset, and vice versa.

          The impairment loss recognised was included in “Other losses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          121
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


16. LEASES (Continued)

      THE GROUP AS A LEASEE (Continued)
      (b)   Lease liabilities
            The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

            Lease liabilities
            At 1 January                                                                                         9,079              16,229
            Principal element of lease payments                                                                 (6,511)              (6,811)
            Interest paid                                                                                         (397)                (779)
            Additions                                                                                              440                   —
            Interest for lease liabilities                                                                         397                 779
            Currency translation difference                                                                          (1)               (339)

            At 31 December                                                                                       3,007               9,079

            Analysed into:
            Current                                                                                              2,990               6,336
            Non-current                                                                                             17               2,743

                                                                                                                 3,007               9,079


            The consolidated statement of profit or loss shows the following amounts relating to leases:

                                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets (Note)
            Leasehold land and land use rights                                                                107,192             121,075
            Buildings                                                                                            9,106               9,174

                                                                                                              116,298             130,249
            Unwinding of interest on lease liabilities (Note 9)                                                    397                 779
            Impairment of right-of-use assets                                                                        —              42,787
            Expenses relating to short-term leases
              (Included in selling and marketing expenses and
              Other operating expenses)                                                                          9,257               3,627
            Compensation for surrendering leasehold land                                                       77,541                    —


            Notes: Depreciation charge of nil (2024: RMB1,060,000) were capitalised as direct cost of construction in progress during the year
                    ended 31 December 2025 when the buildings thereon were not yet ready for production purposes. For the year ended 31
                    December 2025, depreciation of the Group’s right-of-use assets amounted to RMB116,298,000 (2024: RMB129,189,000)
                    were charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss (Note 7).



122   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
16. LEASES (Continued)

    THE GROUP AS A LEASEE (Continued)
    (c)      The total cash outflow for leases in 2025 was RMB9,257,000 (2024: RMB3,627,000) and RMB6,908,000 (2024:
             RMB7,590,000) included in operating activities and financing activities, respectively. In addition, the cash inflow for
             proceed from surrending leasehold land amounted to RMB80,132,000 (2024: Nil) and the cash outflow for acquiring
             leasehold land amounted to RMB88,562,000 (2024: RMB352,991,000) were included in investing activities.


    THE GROUP AS A LESSOR
    The Group leases its investment properties consisting of three (2024: two) commercial buildings located in PRC, two (2024:
    two) office unit located in Hong Kong and PRC and seven (2024: four) factory buildings located in PRC under operating
    lease arrangements. The terms of the leases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic
    rent adjustments according to the then prevailing market conditions. Rental income recognised by the Group during the
    year was RMB130,990,000 (2024: RMB118,558,000), details of which are included in note 17 to the financial statements.

    At 31 December 2025, the undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under operating leases
    with its tenants are as follows:

                                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

    Within one year                                                                                    117,820             78,113
    After one year but within two years                                                                108,563             69,198
    After two years but within three years                                                             103,827             63,141
    After three years but within four years                                                             86,906             58,938
    After four years but within five years                                                              69,019             52,408
    After five years                                                                                   260,641           182,228

                                                                                                       746,776           504,026



17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES

                                                                                                          2025               2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000

    At 1 January                                                                                     1,769,631         1,404,153
    Currency translation differences                                                                    (1,890)             1,702
    Additions                                                                                           11,708             11,359
    Transferred from property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                           397,966           190,316
    Transferred from right-of-use assets (Note 16)                                                     460,449           105,453
    Reduction upon receipt of government grant                                                         (24,507)                 —
    Fair value losses (Note 6)                                                                         (42,417)           (82,970)
    Revaluation gains on investment properties transferred from property,
          plant and equipment and right-of-use assets                                                  222,383           139,618

    At 31 December                                                                                   2,793,323         1,769,631


                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     123
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      (I)     Amounts recognised in profit or loss for investment properties

                                                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000

              Rental income from operating leases (Note 5)                                                 130,990            118,558
              Fair value losses recognised in other losses (Note 6)                                        (42,417)            (82,970)



      (II)    Measuring investment property at fair value
              Investment properties, principally comprising leasehold lands, office buildings and factory buildings, are held for
              long-term rental yields, capital appreciation or both, and that are not occupied by the Group. They also include
              properties that are being constructed or developed for future use as investment properties. Investment properties are
              initially measured at cost, including related transaction costs and interest expense capitalised. After initial recognition
              at cost, investment properties (except for an investment property of RMB2,563,000 (2024: RMB2,563,000) which
              is subsequently measured using cost model) are subsequently carried at fair value, representing open market
              value determined at each reporting date by external valuers. Fair value is based on active market prices, adjusted,
              if necessary, for any difference in the nature, location or condition of the specific asset. If the information is not
              available, the Group uses alternative valuation methods such as recent prices on less active markets or discounted
              cash flow projections. Changes in fair values are recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as fair value
              gain or loss in “Other losses”.

              For the investment property that is subsequently measured using cost model, it is stated at cost less accumulated
              depreciation and impairment losses.


      (III)   Presenting cash flows
              The Group classifies cash outflows to acquire or construct investment property as investing and rental inflows as
              operating cash flows.


      (IV)    Leasing arrangements
              The investment properties are leased to tenants under operating leases with rentals payable monthly. Lease income
              from operating leases where the Group is a lessor is recognised in income on a straight-line basis over the lease
              term.

              Minimum lease payments receivable on leases of investment properties are set out in Note 16 to the financial
              statements.

              As at 31 December 2025, the Group had twelve (2024: eight) investment properties located in the PRC and one
              (2024: one) investment property in Hong Kong. The Group obtained independent valuations from Graval Consulting
              Limited for eleven (2024: seven) investment properties located in the PRC and one (2024: one) investment property
              in Hong Kong.




124   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP
    The Group’s investment properties were valued at 31 December 2025 and 2024 by independent professionally qualified
    valuers who hold recognised relevant professional qualification and have recent experience in the locations and segments
    of the investment properties valued. For all investment properties, their current use equates to the highest and best use.

    The Group’s finance department reviews the valuations performed by the independent valuers for financial reporting
    purposes. This team reports directly to the chief financial officer and group senior management for discussions in relation
    to the valuation processes and the reasonableness of the valuation results.

    At each financial year end the Group’s finance department:

    •     Verifies all major inputs to the independent valuation report;

    •     Assess property valuations movements when compared to the prior year valuation report;

    •     Holds discussions with the independent valuer.

    The following table analyses the investment properties carried at their fair values, by valuation method.

                                                                                                                 2025                 2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000

    Fair value hierarchy (level 3):
      – Commercial building - Xiamen, the PRC                                                                906,900              965,200
      – Commercial building 3 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                              84,300               94,500
      – Commercial building 4 - Shenzhen, the PRC                                                            463,400                     —
      – Office unit - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                          110,138              109,543
      – Office unit - Hong Kong                                                                                30,942               47,035
      – Factory building - Jiangsu, the PRC                                                                  250,500              160,100
      – Factory building 1 - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                   365,100              165,200
      – Factory building 2 - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                     93,400               91,100
      – Factory building 3 - Wuhu, the PRC                                                                   171,570                     —
      – Factory building - Sichuan, the PRC                                                                  116,700                     —
      – Factory building - Maanshan, the PRC                                                                 161,210              134,390
      – Factory building - Beihai, the PRC                                                                     36,600                    —

    At cost
      – Commercial building 2 - Shenzhen, the PRC (Note)                                                        2,563                2,563


   Note: As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the fair value of this investment property could not be reliably measured as the market for
          comparable properties was inactive due to the Group was in the process of obtaining the property ownership certificate in respect
          of property interest held. In addition, alternative for reliably measurement of fair value of the property was not available. In the
          opinion of the Company’s directors, the absence of the property ownership certificate to this property interest does not impair the
          carrying amount to the Group as the Group has paid the full purchase consideration of this property interest and the probability of
          being evicted on the ground of an absence of property ownership certificate is remote.

                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           125
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)
      Fair value measurement using significant unobservable input (level 3)

                                                           Commercial                          Factory
                                                             buildings        Office units   buildings        Total
                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

      At 1 January 2025                                      1,059,700           156,578      550,790     1,767,068
      Currency translation differences                               —             (1,890)          —        (1,890)
      Additions                                                      —                 —       11,708       11,708
      Transfer from property, plant and
        equipment (Note 15)                                    120,543                 —      277,423      397,966
      Transfer from right-of-use assets (Note 16)              329,085                 —      131,364      460,449
      Reduction upon receipt of government grant                     —                 —       (24,507)     (24,507)
      Fair value (losses)/gains (Note 6)                        (68,500)          (13,610)     39,693       (42,417)
      Revaluation gains on investment properties
        transferred from property, plant
        and equipment and right-of-use assets                   13,773                 —      208,610      222,383

      At 31 December 2025                                    1,454,601           141,078     1,195,081    2,790,760

      Total (losses)/gains for the year included in the
        consolidated statement of profit or loss
        for assets held at the end of year                      (68,500)          (13,610)     39,693       (42,417)

      Change in unrealised (losses)/gains for the year
        included in the consolidated statement
        of profit or loss for assets held at
        the end of year                                         (68,500)          (13,610)     39,693       (42,417)




126   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    VALUATION PROCESSES OF THE GROUP (Continued)

                                                        Commercial                                Factory
                                                          buildings         Office units        buildings             Total
                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

    At 1 January 2024                                    1,134,500             168,638            98,452         1,401,590
    Currency translation differences                            —                1,702                 —             1,702
    Additions                                                   —                    —            11,359            11,359
    Transfer from property, plant and
      equipment (Note 15)                                       —                    —           190,316           190,316
    Transfer from right-of-use assets (Note 16)                 —                    —           105,453           105,453
    Fair value (losses)/gains (Note 6)                     (74,800)            (13,762)            5,592           (82,970)
    Revaluation gains on investment properties
      transferred from property, plant
      and equipment and right-of-use assets                     —                    —           139,618           139,618

    At 31 December 2024                                  1,059,700             156,578           550,790         1,767,068

    Total (losses)/gains for the year included in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss
      for assets held at the end of year                   (74,800)            (13,762)            5,592           (82,970)

    Change in unrealised (losses)/gains for the year
      included in the consolidated statement
      of profit or loss for assets held at
      the end of year                                      (74,800)            (13,762)            5,592           (82,970)




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   127
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

      INFORMATION ABOUT FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS USING SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE
      INPUTS (LEVEL 3)
                                                                                                                Range of unobservable   Relationship of
                                         Fair value at                                          Unobservable    inputs (probability-    unobservable inputs to
      Description                   31 December 2025     Valuation technique(s)                 inputs          weighted average)       fair value

      Commercial building –          RMB906,900,000      Based on current prices in an active   Market value    RMB17,065               The higher the market
        Xiamen, the PRC                       (2024:       market for similar properties in      (2024: same)    per square meter         value, the higher
                                     RMB965,200,000)       the same location and condition                       (2024: RMB18,162         the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                          per square meter)
                                                           (2024: same)

      Commercial building 3 –         RMB84,300,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value    RMB27,978               The higher the market
        Shenzhen, the PRC                     (2024:       market for similar properties in      (2024: same)    per square meter         value, the higher
                                      RMB94,500,000)       the same location and condition                       (2024: RMB31,363         the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                          per square meter)
                                                           (2024: same)

      Commercial building 4 –         RMB463,400,000     Based on current price in an active    Market value    RMB31,115               The higher the market
        Shenzhen, the PRC                                  market for similar properties in                      per square meter         value, the higher
                                                           the same location and condition                                                the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease

      Office unit – Wuhu,            RMB110,138,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value    RMB4,492                The higher the market
        the PRC                               (2024:       market for similar properties in      (2024: same)    per square meter         value, the higher
                                     RMB109,543,000)       the same location and condition                       (2024: RMB4,468          the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                          per square meter)
                                                           (2024: Same)

      Factory building - Jiangsu,    RMB250,500,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value    RMB2,482                The higher the market
        the PRC                               (2024:       market for similar properties in      (2024: Same)    per square meter         value, the higher
                                     RMB160,100,000)       the same location and condition                       (2024: RMB2,546          the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                          per square meter)
                                                           (2024: Same)

      Factory building 1 - Wuhu,     RMB365,100,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value    RMB2,353                The higher the market
        the PRC                               (2024:       market for similar properties in      (2024: same)    per square meter         value, the higher
                                     RMB165,200,000)       the same location and condition                       (2024: RMB2,307          the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                          per square meter)
                                                           (2024: same)

      Factory building 2 - Wuhu,      RMB93,400,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value    RMB2,307                The higher the market
        the PRC                               (2024:       market for similar properties in      (2024: same)    per square meter         value, the higher
                                      RMB91,100,000)       the same location and condition                       (2024: RMB2,250          the fair value
                                                           and subject to similar lease                          per square meter)
                                                           (2024: same)



128   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
17. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)

    INFORMATION ABOUT FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS USING SIGNIFICANT UNOBSERVABLE
    INPUTS (LEVEL 3) (Continued)
                                                                                                                 Range of unobservable   Relationship of
                                       Fair value at                                          Unobservable       inputs (probability-    unobservable inputs to
    Description                   31 December 2025     Valuation technique(s)                 inputs             weighted average)       fair value

    Factory building 3 - Wuhu,     RMB171,570,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value       RMB2,816                The higher the market
      the PRC                                            market for similar properties in                          per square meter        value, the higher
                                                         the same location and condition                                                   the fair value
                                                         and subject to similar lease

    Factory building - Sichuan,    RMB116,700,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value       RMB1,821                The higher the market
      the PRC                                            market for similar properties in                          per square meter        value, the higher
                                                         the same location and condition                                                   the fair value
                                                         and subject to similar lease

    Factory building -             RMB161,210,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value       RMB1,341                The higher the market
      Maanshan, the PRC                      (2024:      market for similar properties in       (2024: same)       per square meter        value, the higher
                                   RMB134,390,000)       the same location and condition                           (2024: RMB1,575         the fair value
                                                         and subject to similar lease                              per square meter)
                                                         (2024: same)

    Factory building -              RMB36,600,000      Based on current price in an active    Market value       RMB1,692                The higher the market
      Beihai, the PRC                                    market for similar properties in                          per square meter        value, the higher
                                                         the same location and condition                                                   the fair value
                                                         and subject to similar lease

    Office unit – Hong Kong         RMB30,942,000      Based on current price in an active    Recent market      RMB8,068                The higher the market
                                             (2024:      market for similar properties in       price              per square feet         value, the higher
                                    RMB47,035,000)       the same location and condition        (2024: same)       (2024: RMB12,264        the fair value
                                                         and subject to similar lease                              per square feet)
                                                         (2024: same)

                                                                                              Level adjustment   2.5% (2024:2.5%)        The higher the level, the
                                                                                                (2024: same)                               higher the fair value

                                                                                              View adjustment    5.0% (2024:11.7%))      The better the view, the
                                                                                                (2024: same)                               higher the fair value


    There were no changes to the valuation techniques during the year.

    During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no transfers into or
    out of Level 3 (2024: Nil).




                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                     129
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                                           Float glass
                                                                  Customer                 production     Mining
                                       Goodwill   Trademark relationship        Patent       capacity      rights        Total
                                       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000

      Year ended 31 December 2024
      At 1 January 2024
      Cost                               49,170        19,088        5,080       7,232        829,388    248,704     1,158,662
      Accumulated amortisation                —       (15,430)       (4,106)     (7,077)           —       (3,066)     (29,679)

      Net book amount                    49,170         3,658          974         155        829,388    245,638     1,128,983

      Opening net book amount            49,170         3,658          974         155        829,388    245,638     1,128,983
      Additions                               —             —              —         —         12,509      2,639       15,148
      Amortisation charge (Note 7)            —           (954)        (254)        (56)           —       (1,704)      (2,968)

      Closing net book amount            49,170         2,704          720          99        841,897    246,573     1,141,163

      At 31 December 2024
      Cost                               49,170        19,088        5,080       7,232        841,897    251,343     1,173,810
      Accumulated amortisation                —       (16,384)       (4,360)     (7,133)           —       (4,770)     (32,647)

      Net book amount                    49,170         2,704          720          99        841,897    246,573     1,141,163

      Year ended 31 December 2025
      Opening net book amount            49,170         2,704          720          99        841,897    246,573     1,141,163
      Disposal                                —             —              —         —        (27,242)         —       (27,242)
      Amortisation charge (Note 7)            —          (954)         (254)        (56)           —      (15,136)     (16,400)

      Closing net book amount            49,170         1,750          466          43        814,655    231,437     1,097,521

      At 31 December 2025
      Cost                               49,170        19,088        5,080       7,232        814,655    251,343     1,146,568
      Accumulated amortisation                —       (17,338)       (4,614)     (7,189)           —      (19,906)     (49,047)

      Net book amount                    49,170         1,750          466          43        814,655    231,437     1,097,521


      Amortisation charge of RMB16,400,000 (2024: RMB2,968,000) has been included in administrative and other operating
      expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (Note 7).




130   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

    (I)     AMORTISATION METHODS AND PERIODS
            The Group amortises intangible assets with a limited useful life using the straight-line method over the following
            periods:

            – Trademark, customer relationship and patent                                                             3-20 years

            – Mining rights                                                                                          12-15 years


    IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR GOODWILL
    Goodwill is related to the acquisition of a subsidiary, which is principally engaged in manufacturing of automobile glass in
    the PRC. For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill has been allocated to the cash-generating units (the “CGU”) of
    the subsidiary.

    Assumptions were used in the value in use calculations of the CGU as at 31 December 2025 and 31 December 2024.
    The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake
    impairment testing of goodwill:

    Budgeted revenue – in respect the revenue from the manufacturing of automobile glass, the budgeted revenue is based
    on the expected growth rate of the market in PRC. Management estimated compound revenue annual growth rate of 4.5%
    (2024: 4.5%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the terminal growth rate of 2.0% (2024:
    2.0%).

    Discount rates – management determined forecast profitability based on past performance and its expectation of future
    changes in revenue growth rate and net profit ratio. Future cash flows are discounted at 12% (2024: 12%) per annum.
    The discount rate used is pre-tax and reflects specific risks relating to this CGU.

    Management believes that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
    carrying amount of goodwill to exceed the recoverable amount.


    IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE
    The impairment of float glass production capacity is first tested whether its fair value less costs to sell exceed the carrying
    amount. If yes, there is no impairment loss of the float glass production capacity. If not, impairment test for float glass
    production capacity will be performed at the related CGUs level.

    As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s PRC float glass production capacity acquired from external parties were held by
    six (2024: six) subsidiaries. Fair value less costs of disposal of float glass production capacity held by six (2024: three)
    subsidiaries exceeded the carrying amount and no impairment is required. The impairment tests based on value in use
    calculations were performed for remaining three subsidiaries at respective CGU’s level during the year ended 31 December
    2024.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     131
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


18. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)

      IMPAIRMENT TESTS FOR INTANGIBLE ASSETS WITH INDEFINITE USEFUL LIFE (Continued)
      The fair value less cost of disposal is determined based on recent transaction prices for similar float glass production
      capacity. The fair value measurement is categorised within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The key assumption involved
      in the impairment test was the recent transaction prices which is approximately RMB146,000 per ton. The increase in the
      recent transaction price adopted would result in an increase in the fair value measurement of the float glass production
      capacity, and vice versa.

      For the purposes of impairment testing based on value in use calculations, the float glass production capacity had been
      allocated to the respective CGU.

      Assumptions were used in the value in use calculations of the CGU as at 31 December 2024. The following describes each
      key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of float glass
      production capacity:

      Budgeted revenue – in respect the revenue from the manufacturing of float glass, the budgeted revenue was based on the
      estimated manufacturing volume, inventory turnover rate and expected growth rate of the market in PRC. Management
      estimated compound annual growth rate of 3.0%. Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated using the
      terminal growth rate of 2.5%.

      Discount rates – Future cash flows were discounted at 12% per annum. The discount rate used was pre-tax and reflects
      specific risks relating to this CGU.

      Management believed that any reasonably foreseeable change in any of the above key assumptions would not cause the
      carrying amount of each float glass production capacity to exceed the respective recoverable amount.


19. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000

      Raw materials                                                                               1,081,093          1,203,674
      Work in progress                                                                              216,214            219,068
      Finished goods                                                                              2,246,103          2,069,463

                                                                                                  3,543,410          3,492,205


      The Group identified certain inventory items that were subject to obsolescence due to the impact of typhoon in Hainan in
      September 2024. Specifically, the Group recognised impairment losses of RMB35,871,000 in 2024.

      The cost of inventories recognised as expenses and included in cost of sales amounted to approximately
      RMB10,659,840,000 (2024: RMB 11,518,398,000) (Note 7).




132   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
19. INVENTORIES (Continued)

    ACCOUNTING POLICY OF INVENTORIES
    Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined using the weighted average
    method. The cost of finished goods and work in progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, other direct costs and
    related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity). Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in
    the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.


20. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENT, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                       2025              2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000

    Trade receivables (Note (a))                                                                  2,021,825         1,928,573
    Less: provision for loss allowance of trade receivables (Note (b))                              (34,273)          (47,417)

                                                                                                  1,987,552         1,881,156
    Bills receivables (Note (c))                                                                  1,221,689         1,403,428

    Trade and bills receivables - net                                                             3,209,241         3,284,584

    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables (Note (f))                                        3,313,023         4,735,599
    Less: provision for loss allowance of deposits and other receivables (Note (g))                (667,138)          (70,654)

                                                                                                  2,645,885         4,664,945


                                                                                                  5,855,126         7,949,529
    Less: non-current portion
    Prepayments for property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets
      and intangible assets                                                                        (319,678)       (1,312,026)

    Current portion                                                                               5,535,448         6,637,503

    Current portion analysis into:
    Trade and bills receivables                                                                   3,209,241         3,284,584
    Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                   2,326,207         3,352,919

                                                                                                  5,535,448         6,637,503




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   133
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


20. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENT, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
      (Continued)

      Notes:

      (a)      Trade receivables

               The credit period granted by the Group to its customers is generally from 30 to 90 days. At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the
               ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

               0 - 90 days                                                                                1,703,222          1,535,151
               91 - 180 days                                                                                230,718            268,219
               181 - 365 days                                                                                33,593             74,551
               1 - 2 years                                                                                   36,787             30,676
               Over 2 years                                                                                  17,505             19,976

                                                                                                          2,021,825          1,928,573


               The ageing analysis of the Group’s trade receivables based on due date was as follows:

                                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

               Current                                                                                    1,710,628          1,659,209
               0 - 90 days                                                                                  248,671            200,317
               91 - 180 days                                                                                 19,000             15,184
               181 - 365 days                                                                                20,879             14,139
               1 - 2 years                                                                                   10,415             21,667
               Over 2 years                                                                                  12,232             18,057

                                                                                                          2,021,825          1,928,573




134   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
20. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENT, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
   (Continued)

   Notes: (Continued)

   (a)   Trade receivables (Continued)

         The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade receivables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

         RMB                                                                                                   767,016              973,421
         US$                                                                                                 1,060,218              817,976
         HK$                                                                                                     6,751                 5,945
         Other currencies                                                                                      187,840              131,231

                                                                                                             2,021,825            1,928,573


         (i)   Classification as trade receivables

               Trade receivables are amounts due from customers for goods sold in the ordinary course of business. If collection of trade
               receivables is expected in one year or less (or in the normal operating cycle of the business if longer), they are classified as
               current assets. If not, they are presented as non-current assets.

               Trade receivables are recognised initially at the amount of consideration that is unconditional, when they are recognised at
               fair value. The Group holds the trade receivables with the objective of collecting the contractual cash flows and therefore
               measures them subsequently at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Details about the Group’s impairment
               policies and the calculation of the loss allowance are provided in note 37.9(d).

   (b)   Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of trade receivables was as follows:

                                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

         At 1 January                                                                                           47,417               54,555
         Currency translation differences                                                                          (847)                 163
         (Decrease)/increase in provision for loss allowance of trade receivables, net                           (6,658)               9,105
         Receivables written off during the year                                                                 (5,639)             (16,406)

         At 31 December                                                                                         34,273               47,417




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          135
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


20. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENT, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
      (Continued)

      Notes: (Continued)

      (b)   Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of trade receivables was as follows: (Continued)

            (i)       Impairment and risk exposure

                      The provision for loss allowance of trade receivables has been included in “Net impairment loss on financial assets” in the
                      consolidated statement of profit or loss. The amounts charged to the allowance account are generally written off when
                      there is no expectation of recovering additional cash.

                      The Group applies HKFRS 9 simplified approach to measure provision for loss allowance which uses a lifetime expected loss
                      allowance for all trade receivables.

                      Information about the impairment of trade receivables and the Group’s exposure to credit risk and foreign currency risk can
                      be found in Note 3(c) to the financial statements.

                      The top five customers and the largest customer accounted for approximately 13.2% (2024: 15.9%) and 9.9% (2024: 7.8%)
                      of the trade and bills receivables, net as at 31 December 2025, respectively. Other than these major customers, there is no
                      concentration of credit risk with respect to trade receivables as the Group has a large number of customers.

      (c)   All bills receivables are issued by licensed banks in the PRC with maturities within 12 months (2024: 12 months).

      (d)   The carrying amounts of trade and bills and other receivables approximate their fair values.

      (e)   The maximum exposure to credit risk at the reporting date is the carrying value of each class of receivable mentioned above. The
            Group does not hold any collateral as security.

      (f)   Nature of prepayments, deposits and other receivables is as below:

                                                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000

            Prepayments for property, plant and equipment, land use right and
                  intangible assets                                                                                 319,678          1,312,026
            Prepayment for inventories                                                                              370,096            363,329
            Prepaid expenses                                                                                        288,519            181,746
            Deposits                                                                                                  6,658              7,309
            Tax recoverable (Note)                                                                                  482,686            890,924
            Amount due from an associate (Note 32(B))                                                             1,769,865          1,713,028
            Others                                                                                                   75,521            267,237

                                                                                                                  3,313,023          4,735,599



            Note:       Tax recoverable mainly represents value added tax (“VAT”) recoverable, which is creditable input VAT on purchase of
                        property, plant and equipment offset against output VAT on sales of glass product. The balance is denominated in RMB.




136   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
20. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENT, DEPOSITS AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
   (Continued)

   Notes: (Continued)

   (g)   Movements in the Group’s provision for loss allowance of deposits and other receivables was as follows:

                                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000

         At 1 January                                                                                        70,654                  —
         Increase in provision for loss allowance of deposits
           and other receivables, net (note)                                                                596,484             70,654

         At 31 December                                                                                     667,138             70,654


         Note: Given the industry production capacity for polysillicon exceeds demand and the polysillicon prices have remained depressed
               for a prolonged period, the Group measured the expected credit losses on the amount due from an associate - Xinyi Silicon,
               which is principally engaged in production and sales of silicon products in the PRC, and recognised a provision for loss
               allowance of RMB596,484,000 during the year ended 31 December 2025 (2024: RMB70,654,000).


21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS

   (A) CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
         The Group classifies the following financial assets at FVTPL:

         •     equity investments that are held for trading, and

         •     equity investments for which the Group has not elected to recognise fair value gains and losses through other
               comprehensive income, and

         •     debt investments that do not qualify for measurement at either amortised cost or fair value through other
               comprehensive income (“FVOCI”).




                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED        137
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


21. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT AND LOSS (Continued)

      (A) CLASSIFICATION OF FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL (Continued)
           As at 31 December, financial assets measured at FVTPL include the following:

                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

           Current assets
           Listed equity securities                                                                    25,206            21,821
           Structure deposits                                                                          96,000                —
           Derivative financial assets                                                                  6,885               107

                                                                                                     128,091             21,928


           As at 31 December 2025, financial assets at FVTPL represent equity securities listed in the PRC (Zotye Automibile Co.
           Ltd and Tangshan Sanyou Chemical Industries Co., Ltd), structured deposits placed in registered banks and derivative
           financial instruments which are held for trading.

           See Note 37.9 to the financial statements for the remaining relevant accounting policies.

      (B) AMOUNTS RECOGNISED IN PROFIT OR LOSS
           During the year, the following gains/(losses) were recognised in consolidated statement of profit or loss:

                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000

           Fair value gains/(losses) of financial assets at FVTPL (Note 6)                              3,890              (492)



      (C) RISK EXPOSURE AND FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS
           Information about the Group’s exposure to price risk is provided in Note 3(d) to the financial statements. For
           information about the methods and assumptions used in determining fair value please refer to Note 3(f) to the
           financial statements.




138   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
22. CASH AND BANK BALANCES

                                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  2,626,042            1,456,115
   Fixed bank deposits
         – Short-term (Note (a))                                                                                       —             100,000
         – Long-term (Note (a))                                                                                 212,000                70,000


   Pledged bank deposits (Note (b))                                                                               79,628               83,137

   Total cash and bank balances                                                                               2,917,670            1,709,252


   Notes:

   (a)      The Group placed fixed bank deposits with major licensed banks in the PRC, with fixed maturities and fixed interest rates. The
            effective interest rate on fixed bank deposits was 1.7% (2024: 3.4%) per annum. Long-term fixed bank deposits have an average
            maturity of 3.0 years (2024: 3.0 years) and denominated in RMB.

   (b)      Pledged bank deposits represent deposits pledged as collateral principally as security for import duties payable to the United States
            government.

   The carrying amounts of the Group’s cash and bank balances and bank deposits are denominated in the following
   currencies:

                                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000

   RMB                                                                                                        2,203,903            1,180,795
   US$                                                                                                          497,808              359,847
   MYR                                                                                                            98,276               34,355
   HK$                                                                                                            42,980               52,661
   Other currencies                                                                                               74,703               81,594

                                                                                                              2,917,670            1,709,252


   RMB and MYR are currently not freely convertible currencies in international market. The conversion of RMB and MYR into
   foreign currencies and remittance of RMB out of the PRC and MYR out of Malaysia, respectively, are subject to the rules
   and regulations of the foreign exchange control promulgated by the PRC government and Malaysian government.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED            139
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


22. CASH AND BANK BALANCES (Continued)

      Cash and cash equivalents include the following for the purposes of the consolidated statement of cash flows:

                                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000               RMB’000

      Total cash and bank balances                                                               2,917,670            1,709,252
      Less:
        – Long-term fixed bank deposits                                                           (212,000)             (70,000)
        – Short-term fixed bank deposits                                                                 —             (100,000)
        – Pledged bank deposits                                                                    (79,628)             (83,137)

                                                                                                 2,626,042            1,456,115



23. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM

                                                                                Ordinary
                                                            Number of           shares of             Share
                                              Notes              shares      HK$0.1 each          premium                 Total
                                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000

      At 1 January 2025                                   4,357,192,919          408,378          3,048,090           3,456,468

      Scrip Dividend                           (a)          73,142,933              6,690          510,333              517,023
      Repurchase and cancellation of shares    (b)           (6,227,000)             (571)          (45,029)            (45,600)
      Dividend relating to 2024                12                    —                 —           (408,444)           (408,444)
      Dividend relating to 2025                12                    —                 —           (501,802)           (501,802)

      At 31 December 2025                                 4,424,108,852          414,497          2,603,148           3,017,645


                                                                                 Ordinary
                                                             Number of           shares of            Share
                                              Note               shares      HK$0.1 each           premium                 Total
                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000

      At 1 January 2024                                   4,222,545,672          396,222          2,246,103           2,642,325

      Issue of shares under an employees
        share option scheme                    24            1,990,600                184            17,942              18,126
      Scrip dividend                           (a)         132,656,647            11,972           784,045              796,017

      At 31 December 2024                                 4,357,192,919          408,378          3,048,090           3,456,468




140   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
23. SHARE CAPITAL AND PREMIUM (Continued)

   (A) SCRIP DIVIDEND
       On 1 August 2025, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 12.5 HK cents per share for the six
       months ended 30 June 2025. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the interim dividend in form
       of scrip dividend. On 10 October 2025, 32,918,825 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$8.19 per share to
       shareholders who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

       On 28 February 2025, the board of directors proposed a final dividend of 10.0 HK cents per share for the year ended
       31 December 2024. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the final dividend in form of scrip
       dividend. On 30 July 2025, 40,224,108 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$7.35 per share to shareholders
       who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

       On 31 July 2024, the board of directors declared an interim dividend of 31.0 HK cents per share for the six months
       ended 30 June 2024. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the interim dividend in form of
       scrip dividend. On 16 October 2024, 132,139,235 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$6.64 per share to
       shareholders who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

       On 28 February 2024, the board of directors proposed a final dividend of 37.0 HK cents per share for the year ended
       31 December 2023. The shareholders were provided with an option to receive the final dividend in form of scrip
       dividend. On 7 August 2024, 517,412 shares were issued at an issue price of HK$8.84 per share to shareholders
       who elected to receive share in lieu of cash dividends pursuant to a scrip dividend scheme.

   (B) REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF SHARES
       During the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company repurchased a total of 6,227,000 shares on the Stock
       Exchange and cancelled in August 2025. Accordingly, the issued share capital of the Company was reduced by the
       nominal value of these shares and the premium paid on these shares upon the repurchase were charged against
       share premium account. An amount equivalent to the par value of the shares cancelled was transferred from the
       Company’s share capital to the capital redemption reserve. The table below sets forth further information of these
       repurchases:

                                                       Number of
                                                         shares of            Highest           Lowest        Aggregate
                                                          HK$0.10          price paid        price paid     consideration
                                                              each          per share         per share              paid
       Month of repurchase                           repurchased                  HK$                HK$          HK$000

       August 2025                                      6,227,000                 8.08               7.82          49,732


       Save as disclosed above, there was no purchase, sale or redemption by the Company, or any of its subsidiaries, of
       any listed securities (including sale of treasury shares) of the Company during the year ended 31 December 2025
       (2024: Nil).




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   141
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


24. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS

      SHARE OPTION SCHEME OF THE COMPANY
      In 2015, the Company adopted a share option scheme (“2015 Share Option Scheme”). Under the Share Option Scheme,
      the Company’s directors may, at their sole discretion, grant options to any employee of the Group to subscribe for shares
      of the Company at the highest of (i) the closing price of shares of the Company as stated in the daily quotation sheet of
      the Stock Exchange on the day of the offer of grant; (ii) the average closing price of the shares of the Company as stated
      in the Stock Exchange’s daily quotation sheet for the five trading days immediately preceding the day of the offer of the
      grant; and (iii) the nominal value of shares. A nominal consideration of HK$1 is payable on acceptance of the grant of
      an option. The maximum number of shares to be issued upon the exercise of all outstanding options granted and yet to
      be exercised under the Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate,
      exceed 30% of the relevant shares or securities of the Company in issue from time to time.

      The total number of shares which may be issued upon exercise of all options to be granted under the Share Option
      Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Group must not, in aggregate, exceed 10% of the shares in issue upon
      completion of the placing and the capitalisation issue of the shares of the Company, unless the Company obtains further
      approval from the shareholders

      The 2015 Share Option Scheme was expired on 14 January 2025 and the Company has adopted a new share option
      scheme (the “2025 Share Option Scheme”) on 30 May 2025.

      Information in relation to the share options granted to employees of the Group is as follows:

                                       Number of share
                                       Options granted          Exercise price
      Date of grant                             (Note 1)                 (HK$)           Validity period          Expiry date

      17 March 2020                          32,000,000           8.82 (Note 2)        17 March 2020 to        31 March 2024
                                                                                         31 March 2024
      2 March 2021                           34,700,000         23.35 (Note 3)          2 March 2021 to        31 March 2025
                                                                                         31 March 2025
      1 March 2022                           35,000,000         21.80 (Note 3)          1 March 2022 to        31 March 2026
                                                                                         31 March 2026
      1 March 2023                           35,000,000         15.52 (Note 2)          1 March 2023 to        31 March 2027
                                                                                         31 March 2027
      1 March 2024                           37,500,000           8.04 (Note 3)         1 March 2024 to        31 March 2028
                                                                                         31 March 2028
      9 June 2025                            38,000,000           7.88 (Note 3)           9 June 2025 to       31 March 2029
                                                                                         31 March 2029




142   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
24. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

   SHARE OPTION SCHEME OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
   Notes:

   1.       One third of the options will vest on each of the year-end date within the three years after the date of the grant of options.

   2.       The exercise prices of the share options are equal to the average closing price of the Company’s share for the five trading days
            immediately preceding the respective dates of grant.

   3.       The exercise prices of the share options are equal to the closing price of the Company’s share on the date of grant.

   Movements in the number of share options outstanding and their related weighted average exercise prices are as follows:

                                                                               2025                                      2024
                                                                      Average                                    Average
                                                                      exercise                                    exercise
                                                                 price in HK$               Options          price in HK$              Options
                                                                     per share         (thousands)              per share          (thousands)

   At 1 January                                                          16.75              122,419                 17.64             117,391
   Granted                                                                 7.88              38,000                  8.04               37,500
   Exercised                                                                  —                    —                 8.82               (1,991)
   Forfeited                                                             12.38                (8,046)               13.98               (6,851)
   Expired                                                               23.35              (28,071)                 8.82              (23,630)

   At 31 December                                                        12.83              124,302                 16.75             122,419


   Out of the 124,302,000 (2024: 122,419,000) outstanding options, 27,765,000 (2024: 28,071,000) options were
   exercisable as at 31 December 2025. Options exercised in 2024 resulted in 1,991,000 shares being issued at a weighted
   average in 2024 exercise price of HK$8.82 each. The weighted average market price at the time of exercise was HK$9.24
   each in 2024.




                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED          143
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


24. SHARE BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)

      SHARE OPTION SCHEME OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
      Share options outstanding at the end of the year have the following expiry date and exercise price:

                                                                                  Exercise
                                                                             price in HK$
                                                                                per share           Options (thousands)
                                                                                                        2025               2024

      Expiry date
      31 March 2025                                                                  23.35                  —            28,071
      31 March 2026                                                                  21.80             27,765            29,422
      31 March 2027                                                                  15.52             29,254            30,936
      31 March 2028                                                                   8.04             32,264            33,990
      31 March 2029                                                                   7.88             35,019                 —

                                                                                                      124,302          122,419


      The weighted average fair value of options granted during the year determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model,
      which was performed by an independent valuer, Greater China Appraisal Limited, was approximately HK$1.91 (2024:
      HK$1.85) per option.

      The significant inputs into the model are as follows:


                                                                                                        2025               2024

      Share price, at the grant date (HK$)                                                               7.88              8.04
      Exercise price (HK$)                                                                               7.88              8.04
      Volatility (%)                                                                                  45.17%            47.55%
      Dividend yield (%)                                                                                 5.20              7.84
      Expected share option life (years)                                                                 3.30              3.60
      Annual risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                 2.16              3.65


      The volatility measured at the standard deviation of continuously compounded share returns is based on statistical analysis
      of daily share prices over the previous year. See Note 8 to the financial statements for the total expense recognised in the
      consolidated statement of profit or loss for share options granted to employees of the Group.




144   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
25. RESERVES
                                                                                                                 Other reserves
                                                                            Foreign
                                               Statutory    Enterprise     currency                    Share        Property       Capital
                                                 reserve    expansion translation         Capital     option revaluation redemption             FVOCI                  Retained
                                                   fund          fund        reserve      reserve     reserve        reserve       reserve    reserve     Sub-total    earnings         Total
                                               RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                               (Note (a))    (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                           (Note (c))

   At 1 January 2025                           3,624,295       39,837     (1,163,642)    354,163     254,138         158,747       22,397     (33,905)    3,256,030 27,572,287 30,828,317
   Profit for the year                                —             —             —            —           —              —            —            —            —     2,729,004    2,729,004
   Currency translation differences                   —             —       (74,989)           —           —              —            —            —      (74,989)           —       (74,989)
   Share of other comprehensive income
     of associates (Note 14)                          —             —        44,207            —           —              —            —            —       44,207            —       44,207
   Revaluation gains on investment
     properties transferred from property,
     plant and equipment and right-of-use
     assets, net of tax (Note 17)                     —             —             —            —           —         184,746           —            —      184,746            —      184,746
   Employees share option scheme:
     – value of employee services (Note 24))          —             —             —            —      79,944              —            —            —       79,944            —       79,944
     – adjustment relating to expired
        share options                                 —             —             —            —     (128,866)            —            —            —     (128,866)     128,866            —
   Repurchase and cancellation of shares              —             —             —            —           —              —           571           —          571          (571)          —
   Transfer to reserves                         115,010             —             —            —           —              —            —            —      115,010      (115,010)          —
   Disposal of a subsidiary                       (8,890)           —             —            —           —              —            —            —        (8,890)       8,890           —

   At 31 December 2025                         3,730,415       39,837     (1,194,424)    354,163     205,216         343,493       22,968     (33,905)    3,467,763 30,323,466 33,791,229




                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED                               145
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


25. RESERVES (Continued)
                                                                                                                  Other reserves
                                                                              Foreign
                                                  Statutory   Enterprise     currency                    Share       Property         Capital
                                                    reserve   expansion    translation     Capital      option     revaluation     redemption      FVOCI                  Retained
                                                      fund         fund       reserve      reserve     reserve         reserve        reserve     reserve    Sub-total     earnings        Total
                                                  RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                 (Note (a))   (Note (a))                 (Note (b))                                             (Note (c))

      At 1 January 2024                          3,507,831      39,837     (1,163,283)    354,163     198,055         54,034          22,397     (33,905)    2,979,129 26,968,445 29,947,574
      Profit for the year                               —            —             —            —           —              —              —            —           —     3,369,173    3,369,173
      Currency translation differences                  —            —        (58,027)          —           —              —              —            —      (58,027)          —       (58,027)
      Share of other comprehensive income
        of associates (Note 14)                         —            —        57,668            —           —              —              —            —       57,668           —        57,668
      Revaluation gains on investment
        properties transferred from property,
         plant and equipment and right-of-use
        assets, net of tax                              —            —             —            —           —        104,713              —            —      104,713           —       104,713
      Employees share option scheme:
        – proceeds from shares issued                   —            —             —            —       (1,946)            —              —            —       (1,946)          —        (1,946)
        – value of employee services (Note 24)          —            —             —            —      81,129              —              —            —       81,129           —        81,129
        – adjustment relating to expired
           share options                                —            —             —            —      (23,100)            —              —            —      (23,100)      23,100           —
      Transfer to reserves                        116,464            —             —            —           —              —              —            —      116,464     (116,464)          —
      Dividends relating to 2023                        —            —             —            —           —              —              —            —           —     (1,446,942) (1,446,942)
      Dividends relating to 2024                        —            —             —            —           —              —              —            —           —     (1,225,025) (1,225,025)

      At 31 December 2024                        3,624,295      39,837     (1,163,642)    354,163     254,138        158,747          22,397     (33,905)    3,256,030 27,572,287 30,828,317




146   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
25. RESERVES (Continued)
    Notes:

    (a)      The statutory reserve fund and enterprise expansion fund are provided for in accordance with laws in the PRC and regulations by
             certain subsidiaries which are the wholly owned foreign enterprises incorporated in the PRC. These funds are appropriated from net
             profit as recorded in the PRC statutory accounts of the respective subsidiaries. The statutory reserve fund can only be used, upon
             approval by the relevant authority, to make good of previous years’ losses or to increase the capital of these group companies. The
             enterprise expansion fund can only be used to increase capital of the Group companies or to expand their production operations
             upon approval by the relevant authority.

             During the year ended 31 December 2025, the boards of directors of the subsidiaries resolved to appropriate approximately
             RMB115,010,000 (2024: RMB116,464,000) from retained earnings to statutory reserve fund. No enterprise expansion fund was
             appropriated during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.


    (b)      The opening balance of capital reserve of the Group comprises the followings 1) the difference between the nominal value of the
             share capital of the subsidiaries acquired pursuant to a reorganisation occurred in 2004 and the nominal value of the share capital
             of the Company issued in exchange thereof, and 2) the share of gain in Xinyi Solar resulting from the spin-off and initial public
             offering of Xinyi Energy in 2019.


    (c)      Financial assets at FVOCI


             The Group elected to recognise changes in the fair value of certain investments in equity securities in other comprehensive income
             in prior years. These changes are accumulated under the FVOCI reserve within equity. For equity securities elected to present
             changes in FVOCI, the Group will never transfer amounts from this reserve to retained earnings or recycle the reserve to profit or
             loss when the relevant equity securities are derecognised.


26. TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES

                                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000

    Trade payables (Note (a))                                                                                1,817,474            1,781,649
    Bills payable (Note (b))                                                                                    448,260               19,000

                                                                                                             2,265,734            1,800,649
    Other payables (Note (c))                                                                                1,745,310            2,460,663
    Contract liabilities (Note (d))                                                                             555,534             504,109
    Less: non-current portion
    Other payables                                                                                              (77,848)            (112,231)

    Current portion                                                                                          4,488,730            4,653,190


    Trade payables are unsecured and are usually paid within 30-90 days of recognition.




                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED           147
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


26. TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
      Notes:

      (a)      Trade payables

               At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the ageing analysis of the Group’s trade payables based on invoice date was as follows:

                                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

               0 - 90 days                                                                                       1,734,804       1,666,892
               91-180 days                                                                                         20,435              51,475
               181-365 days                                                                                        28,017              19,988
               1-2 years                                                                                           16,442              21,104
               Over 2 years                                                                                        17,776              22,190

                                                                                                                 1,817,474       1,781,649


               The carrying amounts of the Group’s trade payables are denominated in the following currencies:

                                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

               RMB                                                                                               1,663,097       1,630,371
               MYR                                                                                                 43,527              74,001
               US$                                                                                                 83,863              65,075
               Indonesia Rupiah (“IRD”)                                                                            24,400               4,371
               Other currencies                                                                                     2,587               7,831

                                                                                                                 1,817,474       1,781,649


      (b)      Bills payable have maturities ranging within 12 months (2024: 12 months).

      (c)      Nature of other payables is as follows:

                                                                                                                     2025               2024
                                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

               Payables for investment properties                                                                  36,324              16,325
               Payables for property, plant and equipment                                                         509,445        1,216,940
               Payables for employee benefits and welfare                                                         456,786          486,399
               Payables for value-added tax                                                                       402,652          246,365
               Payables for utilities                                                                              72,654              75,855
               Payables for transportation charges                                                                109,497          103,613
               Payables for commission                                                                             59,745              58,387
               Others                                                                                              98,207          256,779

                                                                                                                 1,745,310       2,460,663




148   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
26. TRADE, OTHER PAYABLES AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
   Notes: (Continued)

   (d)      The Group receives payments from customers based on billing schedule as established in contracts. Payments are usually received
            in advance of the performance under the contracts which are mainly from sales of glass products.

            The following table shows the amount of the revenue recognised in the current reporting period relates to contract liabilities
            balance at the beginning of the year.


                                                                                    31 December          31 December            1 January
                                                                                             2025                  2024             2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000         RMB’000

            Revenue recognised that was included in the contract liabilities
              balance at the beginning of the year                                        504,109               559,551          559,060



27. BANK BORROWINGS

                                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

   Non-current
         Long-term bank borrowings                                                                         2,826,412          3,262,088
         Less: Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                               (1,521,362)        (1,379,869)

                                                                                                           1,305,050          1,882,219

   Shown as non-current liabilities                                                                        1,305,050          1,882,219

   Current
         Short-term bank borrowings                                                                        1,977,760          4,051,000
         Current portion of long-term bank borrowings                                                      1,521,362          1,379,869

   Shown as current liabilities                                                                            3,499,122          5,430,869


   Total bank borrowings                                                                                   4,804,172          7,313,088




                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       149
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


27. BANK BORROWINGS (Continued)

      At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s bank borrowings were repayable as follows:

                                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

      Within 1 year                                                                                  3,499,122          5,430,869
      Between 1 and 2 years                                                                            459,550          1,587,869
      Between 2 and 5 years                                                                            845,500               257,150
      Over 5 years                                                                                           —                37,200

                                                                                                     4,804,172          7,313,088


      These bank borrowings are repayable by installments up to 2028 (2024: 2031) and the carrying amounts of bank
      borrowings approximate their fair values as at 31 December 2025 and 2024. The fair values are categorised within level 2
      of the fair value hierarchy. The fair values of the bank borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future
      cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.

      The Group is required to comply with the related financial bank covenants for the next financial year and the Group
      complied with the financial bank covenants of its bank loans during both periods presented.

      At 31 December 2025 and 2024, the carrying amounts of the Group’s bank borrowings are denominated in the following
      currencies:

                                                                                                          2025                 2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000

      RMB                                                                                            4,804,172          7,033,487
      HK$                                                                                                    —               279,601

                                                                                                     4,804,172          7,313,088



      The effective interest rate is as follows:

                                                                                                          2025                 2024

      Bank borrowings                                                                                    2.60%                3.30%


      The bank borrowings were guaranteed by corporate guarantee provided by the Company and cross guarantees provided
      by certain subsidiaries of the Group.




150   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
28. DEFERRED INCOME TAX

   The analysis of deferred income tax is as follows:

   DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS:
                                                                                                  2025             2024
                                                                                              RMB’000          RMB’000

   Deferred income tax assets                                                                    4,565            5,152


   The gross movements on the deferred income tax assets are as follows:


                                                                                          Government
                                                                                        grants relating
                                                                                        to purchase of
                                                                           Tax losses   land use rights           Total
                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000

   At 1 January 2024                                                             243             3,782            4,025
   Currency translation differences                                              (37)               —                  (37)
   (Charged) /credited to the consolidated statement
     of profit or loss (Note 10)                                                (206)            1,370            1,164

   At 31 December 2024                                                            —              5,152            5,152
   Charged to the consolidated statement
     of profit or loss (Note 10)                                                  —               (587)            (587)

   At 31 December 2025                                                            —              4,565            4,565


   The Group did not recognise deferred income tax assets of approximately RMB204,061,000 (2024: RMB182,069,000)
   in respect of losses amounting to approximately RMB874,989,000 (2024: RMB774,588,000) that can be carried forward
   against future taxable income.




                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    151
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


28. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

      DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS: (Continued)
      The time frame of tax losses expiration is as follows:


                                                                                         2025        2024
                                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000

      Expiring in 2025                                                                      —      53,117
      Expiring in 2026                                                                 48,363      48,363
      Expiring in 2027                                                                 48,185      51,642
      Expiring in 2028                                                                 49,170      50,605
      Expiring in 2029                                                                552,813     554,889
      Expiring in 2030                                                                159,760          —
      No expire date                                                                   16,698      15,972

                                                                                      874,989     774,588



      DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES:
                                                                                         2025        2024
                                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000

      Deferred income tax liabilities                                                 613,106     579,096


      The gross movements on the deferred income tax liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                         2025        2024
                                                                                      RMB’000     RMB’000

      Beginning of the year                                                           579,096     476,678
      Currency translation differences                                                  8,060       7,861
      (Credited) /charged to the consolidated statement of profit or loss (Note 10)    (11,687)    59,652
      Charged to other comprehensive income                                            37,637      34,905

      End of the year                                                                 613,106     579,096




152   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
28. DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)

    DEFERRED INCOME TAX LIABILITIES: (Continued)
                                                       Accelerated                         Undistributed
                                                                 tax                Fair        profits of
                                                      depreciation          value gains       subsidiaries            Total
                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

    At 1 January 2024                                        97,354             215,142           164,182           476,678
    Charged/(credited) to the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss (Note 10)                  77,303             (17,651)                —            59,652
    Charged to other comprehensive income                         —              34,905                 —            34,905
    Currency translation differences                          7,861                   —                 —             7,861

    At 31 December 2024                                     182,518             232,396           164,182           579,096
    Credited to the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss (Note 10)                  (4,241)             (7,446)                —           (11,687)
    Charged to other comprehensive income                         —              37,637                 —            37,637
    Currency translation differences                          8,060                   —                 —             8,060

    At 31 December 2025                                     186,337             262,587           164,182           613,106


    As at 31 December 2025, investment properties located in the PRC amounted to RMB2,762,381,000 (2024:
    RMB1,722,596,000) are held by certain subsidiaries with a business model to consume substantially all of the economic
    benefits embodied in the investment properties over time, rather than through sale. The investment property located in
    Hong Kong amounted to RMB30,942,000 (2024: RMB47,035,000) is held by a subsidiary and expected to be recovered
    entirely through sale. The Group has measured the deferred tax relating to the temporary differences of these investment
    properties using the tax rates and the tax bases that are consistent with the expected manner of recovery of these
    investment properties (Note 17).

    Deferred income tax liabilities of approximately RMB1,587,078,000 (2024: RMB1,478,713,000) have not been recognised
    for withholding tax and other taxes that would be payable on the unremitted earnings of certain subsidiaries in the
    PRC. Such temporary differences are not expected to be reversed in the foreseeable future. At 31 December 2025, total
    unremitted earnings for which deferred withholding tax liability has not been recognised amounted to approximately
    RMB31,741,561,000 (2024: RMB29,574,267,000).




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   153
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


29. CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS

      (a)   Reconciliation of profit before income tax to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                   Note         2025         2024
                                                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000

            Profit before income tax                                                        2,905,101    4,248,029
            Adjustments for:
              – Depreciation charge of property, plant and equipment                 7      1,383,971    1,317,855
              – Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                  6       161,329       33,417
              – Losses on impairment of property, plant and equipment                6       156,838      502,097
              – Impairment losses of right-of-use assets                             6             —       42,787
              – Impairment losses of inventories                                                   —       35,871
              – Compensation for surrendering leasehold land and
                  related property, plant and equipment, net                         5       (150,946)          —
              – Gain on disposal of intangible assets                                5         (2,003)          —
              – Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                     5        (30,376)          —
              – Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                           7       116,298      129,189
              – Fair value losses on investment properties - net                     6        42,417       82,970
              – Amortisation charge of intangible assets                             7        16,400         2,968
              – Share of net profits of associates                                  14       (141,407)    (196,869)
              – Interest income                                                      9        (34,540)     (46,686)
              – Interest expense                                                     9       122,594      181,026
              – Share options granted to employees                                   8        79,944       81,129
              – Fair value (gains)/losses on financial assets at FVTPL               5         (3,890)        492
              – Net impairment losses on financial assets                           20       589,826       79,759
            Changes in working capital:
              – Inventories                                                                  181,487       94,574
              – Trade and bills and other receivables                                        459,216       83,869
              – Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                77,733       14,412

            Cash generated from operations                                                  5,929,992    6,686,889




154   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
29. CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

   (b)   In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment comprise:

                                                                                                  2025              2024
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

         Net book amount of property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                            307,559           120,763
         Losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  (161,329)           (33,417)

         Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                               146,230            87,346


         In the consolidated statement of cash flows, proceeds from compensation for surrendering of leasehold land and
         related property, plant and equipment comprise:

                                                                                                                    2025
                                                                                                                RMB’000

         Net book amount of property, plant and equipment (Note 15)                                               12,955
         Net book amount of right-of-use assets (Note 16)                                                           2,591
         Compensation for surrendering assets, net                                                               150,946

         Proceeds from compensation for surrendering assets, net (Note 5)                                        166,492




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     155
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


29. CASH GENERATED FROM OPERATIONS (Continued)

      (c)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities:

                                                                              Bank           Bank
                                                                         and other      and other
                                                                        borrowings     borrowings
                                                                        due within      due after         Lease
                                                                             1 year         1 year    liabilities
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000

            At 1 January 2024                                            (4,788,936)    (2,661,692)     (16,229)
            Unwinding of interest on lease liabilities                           —              —          (779)
            Cash flows from financing activities                          (617,189)       779,473         7,590
            Foreign exchange movement                                       (24,744)            —           339

            At 31 December 2024 and 1 January 2025                       (5,430,869)    (1,882,219)      (9,079)
            Addition of lease liabilities                                        —              —          (440)
            Unwinding of interest on lease liabilities                           —              —          (397)
            Disposal of a subsidiary (Note 30)                              74,400              —             —
            Cash flows from financing activities                         1,843,830        577,169         6,908
            Foreign exchange movement                                       13,517              —              1

            At 31 December 2025                                          (3,499,122)    (1,305,050)      (3,007)




156   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
30. DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY

                                                                                                      Notes                 2025
                                                                                                                         RMB’000

   Net assets disposed of:
     Property, plant and equipment                                                                      15               244,369
     Cash and bank balances                                                                                                 3,417
     Right-of-use assets                                                                              16(a)                 2,509
     Inventories                                                                                                             186
     Prepayments for property, plant and equipment                                                                           324
     Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                                          93,911
     Trade, other payables and contract liabilities                                                                      (242,193)
     Income tax payable                                                                                                    (3,167)
     Bank borrowings                                                                                                      (74,400)
     Non-controlling interests                                                                                             (4,492)

     Subtotal                                                                                                             20,464
   Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                                     5                 30,376

   Total consideration                                                                                                    50,840

   Satisfied by:
     Cash                                                                                                                 50,840


   An analysis of the net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary is as follow:

                                                                                                                            2025
                                                                                                                         RMB’000

   Cash consideration                                                                                                     50,840
   Cash and bank balance disposed of                                                                                       (3,417)

   Net inflow of cash and cash equivalents in respect of the disposal of a subsidiary                                     47,423




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       157
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


31. COMMITMENTS

      CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
      Significant capital expenditure contracted for at the end of the reporting period but not recognised as liabilities is as
      follows:

                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000            RMB’000

      Property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets
        contracted but not provided for                                                           886,600          1,173,955



32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      As at 31 December 2025, the Group was controlled by Dr. LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S., Datuk Wira TUNG Ching Bor, Tan Sri Datuk
      TUNG Ching Sai J.P., Mr. LEE Sing Din, Mr. LI Ching Wai, Mr. LI Man Yin, Mr. SZE Nang Sze, Mr. NG Ngan Ho, and Mr. LI
      Ching Leung which in aggregate owns 2,928,004,046 (2024: 2,845,060,997) of the Company’s shares.




158   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   The following transactions were carried out with related parties:


   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                 Notes               2025              2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000

         Purchase of goods from associates
           – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas
               Investment Company Limited                                            i            314,826           311,265
           – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company Limited                                  i, x           104,561            50,133
           – Jiangsu Lianxun Technology Company Ltd.                                 i              4,240                  394

         Sales of goods to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                          ii, xiii         14,634             5,417

         Sales of consumable goods to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                          ii, vii           1,155             1,939

         Sales of goods to related parties
           – An entity controlled by a controlling party                          ii, xiv          11,122             9,263
           – Entities controlled by a controlling party                           ii, vii              23                    1

         Sales of machineries to an associate
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                            iii             1,186           199,371

         Sales of fixed assets to an associate
           – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas
               Investment Company Limited                                           iii                 —            13,084

         Rental income received from associates
           – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                          v, xvi           16,498            28,683
           – Jiangsu Lianxun Technology Company Ltd.                                 v                543                  810

         Rental expenses paid to an associate
           – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                          v, vii            6,369             6,369




                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    159
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                            Note           2025      2024
                                                                                        RMB’000   RMB’000

           Purchase of silica sand from an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                  i, xvii      1,220    51,668

           Purchase of electricity from an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                   viii       14,820        —

           Purchase of machineries from an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                 vii, viii     2,425        —

           Rental income received from a related party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                  v, vii         560       674

           Wind farm management fees paid to a related party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                 vi, xviii     9,434     9,434

           Sales and processing income of silica sands and raw materials
              from an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                  ii, xii     13,106        —

           Purchase and processing charge of silica sands to an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                  i, vii          —      1,624

           Purchase of electric storage products from a related party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                 viii, xix     8,351    20,625

           Purchase of consumables from an associate
              – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                  vii, ix      5,178     8,976

           Provision of shipping services to an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                  xi, xx      29,540    23,782

           Consultancy fee income from associates
              – Ordos City Shunagxin New Material Limited                      iv           195        —
              – Jiangsu Dannai New Material Company Limited                    iv            85        —




160   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
                                                                                          Note                  2025                2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000

       Purchase of green electricity certificate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                               vii, ix                   —                 138

       Rental expenses paid to a related party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                v, vii               2,558              2,514

       Purchase of automobile glass from an entity controlled
              by a controlling party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii, viii               389                 646

       Purchase of electricity from a related party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii, viii             2,273              2,510

       Purchase of fixed assets from associates
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                i, vii                   —                      5
              – Jiangsu Dannai New Material Company Limited                                   i               73,425              11,062
              – Jiangsu Lianxun Technology Company Limited                                    i               10,705                   —

       Purchase of consumable and fixed assets from an entity
              controlled by a controlling party
              – An entity controlled by a controlling party                               vii, viii             4,601                 713

       Equity transfer consideration received from an associate
              – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                 xxi               50,840                   —

       Notes:

       (i)       The purchases of goods and fixed assets from associates and processing charge were charged at mutually agreed prices and
                 terms.

       (ii)      The sales of goods to associates and related parties were charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

       (iii)     The sales of machineries and fixed assets to an associate was charged at considerations based on mutually agreed terms.

       (iv)      Consultancy income received from associates was charged at mutually agreed fee.

       (v)       The leases of premises were charged at mutually agreed rental.

       (vi)      Wind farm management fees were charged at mutually agreed fees.

       (vii)     The transactions were de minimis transactions entered into in the ordinary course of business and under normal commercial
                 terms.

       (viii)    The purchase of machineries, electric storage products, automobile glass, electricity consumable and fixed assets were
                 charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.



                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED             161
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (A) TRANSACTIONS WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           Notes: (Continued)

           (ix)     The purchase of consumables and green electricity certificate was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (x)      The purchase was under a long-term supply contract under which the Group has an option to purchase pre-determined
                    quantity of goods from the associate annually. The long-term contract has a period of 20 years. The purchase prices under
                    the contract were fixed for the first 5 years and will be adjusted upward or downward by a predetermined percentage
                    according to the market trend for the remaining 15 years.

           (xi)     The shipping services was charged at mutually agreed prices and terms.

           (xii)    The processing income received from an associate was charged at mutually agreed fee.

           (xiii)   Sales of goods to an associate constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules
                    during the year ended 31 December 2024.

           (xiv)    Included in sales of goods to related parties, RMB8,857,000 (2024: RMB7,575,000) constitute continuing connected
                    transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           (xv)     Sales of machineries to an associate constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing
                    Rules during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

           (xvi)    Included in rental income received from associates, RMB11,037,000 (2024: RMB24,150,000) constitute continuing
                    connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

           (xvii) Purchase of silica sand from an associate constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the
                    Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2024.

           (xviii) Wind farm management fees paid to a related party constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A
                    of the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

           (xix)    Purchase of electric storage products from a related party constitute continuing connected transactions as defined in
                    Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

           (xx)     Included in provision of shipping services to an associate, RMB28,082,000 (2024: RMB23,771,000) constitute continuing
                    connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.


           (xxi)    Equity transfer consideration received from an associate constitute connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the
                    Listing Rules during the year ended 31 December 2025.




162   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

   (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES
                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

       Prepayment to an associate (Note (i))
         – Dongyuan County Xinhuali Quartz Sand Company Limited                                   17,700            20,000
       Receivable from an associate arising from sales of machineries and
         land parcel (Note (ii))
         – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                            80,211           127,130
       Receivable from related parties arising from sales of goods (Note (i))
         – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                             2,265             1,718
       Advance to an associate (Note (iii))
         – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                         1,769,865         1,713,028
       Payable to a related party arising from purchase of goods and processing
         fee and management fee (Note (i))
         – An entity controlled by a controlling party                                             6,760            23,833


                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

       Payable to an associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
         – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                               895                  757
       Payable to associate arising from provision of EPC service (Note (i))
         – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                               137                  137
       Prepayment to associates arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
         – Beihai Yiyang Mineral Company Limited                                                   1,381             1,381
         – Tianjin Wuqing District Xinke Natural Gas Investment Company Limited                   10,402            11,966
       Prepayment to associates arising from purchase of fixed assets (Note (i))
         – Jiangsu Lianxun Technology Company Ltd.                                                 9,259            23,084
         – Jiangsu Dannai New Material Company Limited                                                 —            22,125
       Payable to an associate arising from purchase of goods (Note (i))
         – Wuxuan Xinbao Mining Company Ltd.                                                       2,840             5,829
         – PT Anxin Mining and Processing                                                             89                   —
       Payable to an associate arising from purchase of fixed assets (Note (i))
         – Jiangsu Dannai New Material Limited                                                     4,131                   —
       Receivable from an associate arising from provision of
         shipping service (Note (iv))
         – A subsidiary of Xinyi Solar                                                             1,635             2,006
       Receivable from an associate arising from sales of goods (Note (i))
         – Subsidiaries of Xinyi Solar                                                            13,566                  782


                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    163
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


32. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)

      (B) YEAR-END BALANCES WITH RELATED PARTIES (Continued)
           Note:

           (i)     As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
                   The amounts approximate their fair values and are denominated in RMB.

           (ii)    As at 31 December 2025, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand. The
                   amounts approximate their fair values and are denominated in RMB (2024: RMB124,135,000 are denominated in RMB and
                   RMB2,995,000 are denominated in MYR).

           (iii)   As at 31 December 2025, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
                   RMB1,169,537,000 (2024: RMB1,150,655,000) are denominated in RMB and RMB537,742,000 (2024: RMB562,373,000)
                   are denominated in HK$.

           (iv)    As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, balances with related parties are unsecured, interest-free and repayable on demand.
                   The amounts approximate their fair values and are denominated in US$.


      (C) KEY MANAGEMENT PERSONNEL COMPENSATION
                                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000

           Basic salaries and allowances                                                                  15,533             17,742
           Discretionary and performance bonus                                                            45,337             62,475
           Employer’s contributions to pension scheme                                                        203                 104
           Share options granted                                                                           3,446               4,894

                                                                                                          64,519             85,215




164   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

   The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
   follows:


   2025

                                                                                           Financial
                                                                         Financial         assets at
                                                                          assets at      amortised
                                                                            FVTPL               cost            Total
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000

   Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 21)                                    128,091                 —           128,091
   Trade, bills and other receivables excluding
     non-financial assets                                                       —         4,394,147         4,394,147
   Pledged bank deposits (Note 22)                                              —            79,628            79,628
   Fixed bank deposits (Note 22)                                                —           212,000           212,000
   Cash and cash equivalents (Note 22)                                          —         2,626,042         2,626,042

   Total                                                                  128,091         7,311,817         7,439,908



   2024

                                                                                            Financial
                                                                          Financial         assets at
                                                                          assets at       amortised
                                                                             FVTPL              cost             Total
                                                                         RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000

   Financial assets at FVTPL (Note 21)                                     21,928                 —            21,928
   Trade, bills and other receivables excluding
     non-financial assets                                                       —         5,201,504         5,201,504
   Pledged bank deposits (Note 22)                                              —            83,137            83,137
   Fixed bank deposits (Note 22)                                                —           170,000           170,000
   Cash and cash equivalents (Note 22)                                          —         1,456,115         1,456,115

   Total                                                                   21,928         6,910,756         6,932,684




                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   165
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


33. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (Continued)

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period are as
      follows: (continued)

                                                                                                    2025              2024
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000

      Financial liabilities as per consolidated statement of financial position
      Liabilities at amortised cost
      Bank borrowings (Note 27)                                                                4,804,172         7,313,088
      Trade and other payables excluding non-financial liabilities                             3,151,606         3,528,548
      Lease liabilities (Note 16)                                                                  3,007             9,079

      Total                                                                                    7,958,785        10,850,715


      The Group’s exposure to various risks associated with the financial instruments is discussed in Note 3 to the financial
      statements. The maximum exposure to credit risk at the end of the reporting period is the carrying amount of each class
      of financial assets mentioned above.


34 COMPARATIVE AMOUNTS

      Certain prior year grouping have been made, and certain comparative amounts have been re-presented to conform with
      the current year’s presentation.




166   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
35. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY

   Statement of financial position of the Company              Note               2025              2024
                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

   Assets
   Non-current assets
     Investments in subsidiaries                                               190,607           199,337
     Investment in an associate                                                443,104           450,567
     Amounts due from subsidiaries                                           1,938,108         2,026,879

                                                                             2,571,819         2,676,783

   Current assets
     Amount due from subsidiaries                                          23,120,326        20,885,404
     Prepayments and other receivables                                               —             2,924
     Cash and bank balances                                                      1,713             1,440

                                                                           23,122,039        20,889,768

   Total assets                                                            25,693,858        23,566,551

   Equity
   Share capital                                                               414,497           408,378
   Share premium                                                (a)          2,603,148         3,048,090
   Other reserves                                               (a)            210,671           418,348
   Retained earnings                                            (a)            199,429           140,425

   Total equity                                                              3,427,745         4,015,241




                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   167
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


35. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY
      (Continued)

      Statement of financial position of the Company                            Note              2025              2024
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000

      Liabilities
      Current liabilities
        Other payables                                                                               —             2,825
        Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                         22,265,441        19,544,454
        Current income tax liabilities                                                              672            4,031

                                                                                            22,266,113        19,551,310

      Total liabilities                                                                     22,266,113        19,551,310


      Total equity and liabilities                                                          25,693,858        23,566,551


      The statement of financial position of the Company was approved by the Board of Directors on 27 February 2026 and was
      signed on its behalf.




      LEE Yin Yee, S.B.S.                                    LEE Shing Kan, M.H.
      Chairman                                               Director




168   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
35. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVE MOVEMENTS OF THE COMPANY
   (Continued)

   Note (a) Reserve movements of the Company

                                                                                               Foreign
                                                                       Share        Capital   currency
                                                           Share      option redemption translation                    Retained
                                                        premium       reserve       reserve    reserve    Sub-total    earnings         Total
                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000

   At 1 January 2024                                    2,246,103    198,055        22,397       8,380    2,474,935      72,942     2,547,877
   Profit for the year                                         —           —            —           —            —     2,716,350    2,716,350
   Currency translation differences                            —           —            —      133,433     133,433            —      133,433
   Employees share option scheme:
     – proceeds from shares issued                        17,942       (1,946)          —           —       15,996            —       15,996
     – value of employee services                              —      81,129            —           —       81,129            —       81,129
     – adjustments relating to expired share options           —      (23,100)          —           —       (23,100)     23,100            —
   Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend of
     2023 final dividend and 2024 interim dividend       784,045           —            —           —      784,045            —      784,045
   Dividend relating to 2023                                   —           —            —           —            — (1,446,942) (1,446,942)
   Dividend relating to 2024                                   —           —            —           —            — (1,225,025) (1,225,025)

   At 31 December 2024                                  3,048,090    254,138        22,397     141,813    3,466,438     140,425     3,606,863

   At 1 January 2025                                    3,048,090    254,138        22,397     141,813    3,466,438     140,425     3,606,863
   Loss for the year                                           —           —            —           —            —       (69,291)     (69,291)
   Currency translation differences                            —           —            —     (159,326)    (159,326)          —      (159,326)
   Repurchase and cancellation of shares                  (45,029)         —           571          —       (44,458)       (571)      (45,029)
   Employees share option scheme:
     – value of employee services                              —      79,944            —           —       79,944            —       79,944
     – adjustments relating to expired share options           —     (128,866)          —           —      (128,866)    128,866            —
   Issuance of shares in respect of scrip dividend of
     2024 final dividend and 2025 interim dividend       510,333           —            —           —      510,333            —      510,333
   Dividend relating to 2024                             (408,444)         —            —           —      (408,444)          —      (408,444)
   Dividend relating to 2025                             (501,802)         —            —           —      (501,802)          —      (501,802)

   At 31 December 2025                                  2,603,148    205,216        22,968     (17,513) 2,813,819       199,429     3,013,248



36. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD

   No significant event has taken place subsequent to 31 December 2025 and up to the date of these financial statements.




                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED         169
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      This note provides a list of other material accounting policies adopted in the preparation of these consolidated financial
      statements. These policies have been consistently applied to all the years presented, unless otherwise stated. The financial
      statements are for the Group.

      37.1 SUBSIDIARIES
           Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. The Group controls
           an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and
           has the ability to affect those returns through its power to direct the activities of the entity. Subsidiaries are fully
           consolidated from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from the date that
           control ceases.

           Inter-company transactions, balances and unrealised gains on transactions between group companies are eliminated.
           Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment of the transferred
           asset. Accounting policies of subsidiaries have been changed where necessary to ensure consistency with the policies
           adopted by the Group.

           Non-controlling interests in the results and equity of subsidiaries are shown separately in the consolidated statement
           of profit or loss, statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of
           financial position respectively.


           (a)   Business combinations
                 The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for all business combinations, regardless of whether
                 equity instruments or other assets are acquired. The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary
                 comprises the:

                 •     fair values of the assets transferred;

                 •     liabilities incurred to the former owners of the acquired business;

                 •     equity interests issued by the Group;

                 •     fair value of any asset or liability resulting from a contingent consideration arrangement; and

                 •     fair value of any pre-existing equity interest in the subsidiary.

                 Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business combination are, with
                 limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the acquisition date. The Group recognises any non-
                 controlling interest in the acquired entity on an acquisition-by-acquisition basis either at fair value or at the
                 non-controlling interest’s proportionate share of the acquired entity’s net identifiable assets.




170   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   37.1 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
       (a)   Business combinations (Continued)
             Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

             The excess of the:

             •     consideration transferred,

             •     amount of any non-controlling interests in the acquired entity, and

             •     acquisition-date fair value of any previous equity interest in the acquired entity

             over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. If those amounts are less than
             the fair value of the net identifiable assets of the business acquired, the difference is recognised directly in
             profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

             Where settlement of any part of cash consideration is deferred, the amounts payable in the future are
             discounted to their present value as at the date of exchange.

             Contingent consideration is classified either as equity or a financial asset or liability. Amounts classified as a
             financial asset or liability are subsequently remeasured to fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the
             consolidated statement of profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured
             and subsqeuent settlement is accounted for within equity.

             If the business combination is achieved in stages, the acquisition date carrying value of the acquirer’s previously
             held equity interest in the acquiree is remeasured to fair value at the acquisition date. Any gains or losses
             arising from such remeasurement are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED      171
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      37.1 SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           (b)   Changes in ownership interests
                 The Group treats transactions with non-controlling interests that do not result in a loss of control as
                 transactions with equity owners of the Group. A change in ownership interest results in an adjustment
                 between the carrying amounts of the controlling and non-controlling interests to reflect their relative interests
                 in the subsidiary. Any difference between the amount of the adjustment to non-controlling interests and any
                 consideration paid or received is recognised in a separate reserve within equity attributable to owners of the
                 Company.

                 When the Group ceases to consolidate or equity account for an investment because of a loss of control,
                 joint control or significant influence, any retained interest in the entity is remeasured to its fair value with
                 the change in carrying amount recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. This fair value
                 becomes the initial carrying amount for the purposes of subsequently accounting for the retained interest
                 as an associate, joint venture or financial asset. In addition, any amounts previously recognised in other
                 comprehensive income in respect of that entity are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the
                 related assets or liabilities. This may mean that amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income
                 are reclassified to the consolidated statement of profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as
                 specified/permitted by applicable HKFRS Accounting Standards.

                 If the ownership interest in a joint venture or an associate is reduced but joint control or significant influence is
                 retained, only a proportionate share of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income are
                 reclassified to profit or loss where appropriate.


           (c)   Separate financial statements
                 Investments in subsidiaries are accounted for at cost less impairment. Cost includes direct attributable costs
                 of investment. The results of subsidiaries are accounted for by the Company on the basis of dividend received
                 and receivable.

                 Impairment testing of the investments in subsidiaries is required upon receiving a dividend from these
                 investments if the dividend exceeds the total comprehensive income of the subsidiary in the period the
                 dividend is declared or if the carrying amount of the investment in the separate financial statements exceeds
                 the carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements of the investee’s net assets including goodwill.




172   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   37.2 ASSOCIATES
       Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence but not control or joint control. This is
       generally the case where the Group holds between 20% and 50% of the voting rights. Investments in associates are
       accounted for using the equity method of accounting, after initially being recognised at cost.

       Under the equity method of accounting, the investments are initially recognised at cost and adjusted thereafter to
       recognise the Group’s share of the post-acquisition profits or losses of the investee in the consolidated statement
       of profit or loss, and the Group’s share of movements in other comprehensive income of the investee in other
       comprehensive income. Dividends received or receivable from associates are recognised as a reduction in the carrying
       amount of the investment.

       When the Group’s share of losses in an equity-accounted investment equals or exceeds its interest in the entity,
       including any other unsecured long-term receivables, the Group does not recognise further losses, unless it has
       incurred obligations or made payments on behalf of the other entity.

       Unrealised gains on transactions between the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s
       interest in these entities. Unrealised losses are also eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an
       impairment of the asset transferred. Accounting policies of equity accounted investees have been changed where
       necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group.

       Gains and losses on dilution of equity interest in associates are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or
       loss.

       If the ownership interest in an associate is reduced but significant influence is retained, only a proportionate share
       of the amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to the consolidated statement of
       profit or loss where appropriate.

       The Group determines at each reporting date whether there is any objective evidence that the investment in an
       associate is impaired. If this is the case, the Group calculates the amount of impairment as the difference between
       the recoverable amount of the associate and its carrying value and recognises the amount adjacent to “share of net
       profits of associates” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   173
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      37.3 SEGMENT REPORTING
           Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
           decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker, who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing
           performance of the operating segments, has been identified as the executive directors of the Company that makes
           strategic decisions.


      37.4 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION
           (a)   Functional and presentation currency
                 Items included in the financial statements of each of the Group’s entities are measured using the currency of
                 the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (the “functional currency”). The consolidated
                 financial statements are presented in RMB.


           (b)   Transactions and balances
                 Foreign currency transactions are translated into the functional currency using the exchange rates prevailing
                 at the dates of the transactions or valuation where items are re-measured. Foreign exchange gains and losses
                 resulting from the settlement of such transactions and from the translation at year-end exchange rates of
                 monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are recognised in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss. They are deferred in equity if they relate to qualifying cash flow hedges and qualifying net
                 investment hedges or are attributable to part of the net investment in a foreign operation.

                 Foreign exchange gains and losses that relate to foreign currency borrowings to the extent that they are
                 regarded as an adjustment to interest costs are presented in the consolidated statement of profit or loss,
                 within finance costs. All other foreign exchange gains and losses are presented in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss on a net basis within “Other income and gains - net”.

                 Changes in the fair value of monetary securities denominated in foreign currency classified as FVOCI are
                 analysed between translation differences resulting from changes in the amortised cost of the security and
                 other changes in the carrying amount of the security. Translation differences related to changes in amortised
                 cost are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss, and other changes in carrying amount are
                 recognised in other comprehensive income.

                 Non-monetary items that are measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange
                 rates at the date when the fair value was determined. Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets
                 and liabilities such as equities held at FVTPL are recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as
                 part of the fair value gain or loss. Translation differences on non-monetary financial assets such as equities
                 classified as FVOCI are included in other comprehensive income.




174   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   37.4 FOREIGN CURRENCY TRANSLATION (Continued)
       (c)   Group companies
             The results and financial position of all the Group entities (none of which has the currency of a
             hyperinflationary economy) that have a functional currency different from the presentation currency are
             translated into the presentation currency as follows:

             (i)     assets and liabilities for each financial position presented are translated at the closing rate at the end of
                     the reporting period;

             (ii)    income and expenses for each statement of profit or loss are translated at average exchange rates (unless
                     this average is not a reasonable approximation of the cumulative effect of the rates prevailing on the
                     transaction dates, in which case income and expenses are translated at the rate on the dates of the
                     transactions); and

             (iii)   all resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income.

             On consolidation, exchange differences arising from the translation of any net investment in foreign entities,
             and of borrowings and other financial instruments designated as hedges of such investments, are recognised
             in other comprehensive income. When a foreign operation is sold or any borrowings forming part of the net
             investment are repaid, the associated exchange differences are reclassified to profit or loss, as part of the gain
             or loss on sale.

             Goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on the acquisition of a foreign entity are treated as assets and
             liabilities of the foreign entity and translated at the closing rate.


   37.5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
       Freehold land is stated at historical cost less any subsequent impairment losses.

       Buildings comprise mainly factories and offices. Property, plant and equipment are stated at historical cost less
       depreciation and any impairment losses. Historical cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the
       acquisition of the items.

       Subsequent costs are included in the asset’s carrying amount or recognised as a separate asset, as appropriate,
       only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the Group and the cost
       of the item can be measured reliably. The carrying amount of any component accounted for as a separate asset is
       derecognised when replaced. All other repairs and maintenance are charged to the consolidated statement of profit
       or loss during the financial period in which they are incurred.




                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     175
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      37.5 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
           An asset’s carrying amount is written down immediately to its recoverable amount if the asset’s carrying amount is
           greater than its estimated recoverable amount (Note 37.8).

           Gains and losses on disposals are determined by comparing the proceeds with the carrying amount and are
           recognised within “Other losses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


      37.6 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
           Investment properties are interests in land and buildings (including right-of-use assets) held to earn rental income
           and/or for capital appreciation. Such properties are measured initially at cost, including transaction costs. Subsequent
           to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at fair value, which reflects market conditions at the end of
           the reporting period.

           Gains or losses arising from changes in the fair values of investment properties are included in the statement of
           profit or loss in the year in which they arise.

           Any gains or losses on the retirement or disposal of an investment property are recognised in the statement of profit
           or loss in the year of the retirement or disposal.


      37.7 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
           (a)   Goodwill
                 Goodwill arises on the acquisition of subsidiaries represents the excess of the consideration transferred, the
                 amount of any non-controlling interest in the acquiree and the acquisition-date fair value of any previous
                 equity interest in the acquiree over the fair value of the identifiable net assets acquired.

                 Goodwill on acquisitions of subsidiaries is included in intangible assets. Goodwill is not amortised but it is
                 tested for impairment annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might
                 be impaired, and is carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Gains and losses on the disposal of an
                 entity include the carrying amount of goodwill relating to the entity sold.

                 Goodwill is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing. The allocation is made to
                 those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to benefit from the business
                 combination in which the goodwill arose. The units or groups of units are identified at the lowest level at
                 which goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes, being the operating segments.




176   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   37.7 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
       (b)   Trademark, customer relationship and patent
             Separately acquired trademarks are shown at historical cost. Trademark, customer relationship and patent
             acquired in a business combination are recognised at fair value at the acquisition date. Trademark, customer
             relationship and patent have a finite useful life and are carried at cost less accumulated amortisation and
             impairment losses.


       (c)   Mining rights
             Separately acquired mining licences are stated at historical cost less accumulated amortisation and any
             impairment losses. The Group amortises mining licences with a finite useful life using the straight-line method
             over twelve to fifteen years.


       (d)   Float glass production capacity
             Float glass production capacity acquired from external parties are recognised at fair value at the acquisition
             date. The management considered that the float glass production capacity has indefinite useful life because it
             is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. It has no foreseeable limit to the period over which
             the Group can use to generate net cash flows. The float glass production capacity will not be amortised
             until its useful life is determined to be finite. Float glass production capacity is subjected to impairment test
             annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired, and is
             carried at cost less accumulated impairment losses.

             Float glass production capacity is allocated to cash-generating units for the purpose of impairment testing.
             The allocation is made to those cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units that are expected to
             benefit from the using of the float glass production capacity. The units or groups of units are identified at the
             lowest level at which float glass production capacity is monitored for internal management purposes, being
             the operating segments.




                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED     177
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      37.8 IMPAIRMENT OF NON-FINANCIAL ASSETS
           Goodwill and intangible assets that have an indefinite useful life are not subject to amortisation and are tested
           annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that they might be
           impaired. Other assets are tested for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
           carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognised for the amount by which the asset’s
           carrying amount exceeds its recoverable amount. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less
           costs of disposal and value in use. For the purposes of assessing impairment, assets are grouped at the lowest levels
           for which there are separately identifiable cash inflows which are largely independent of the cash inflows from
           other assets or groups of assets (cash-generating units). Non-financial assets other than goodwill that suffered an
           impairment are reviewed for possible reversal of the impairment at the end of each reporting period.


      37.9 FINANCIAL ASSETS
           (a)   Classification
                 The Group classifies its financial assets in the following measurement categories:

                 •     those to be measured subsequently at fair value (either through other comprehensive income or through
                       profit or loss), and

                 •     those to be measured at amortised cost.

                 The classification depends on the Group’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
                 contractual terms of the cash flows.

                 For assets measured at fair value, gains and losses will either be recorded in the consolidated statement
                 of profit or loss or other comprehensive income. For investments in equity instruments that are not held
                 for trading, this will depend on whether the Group has made an irrevocable election at the time of initial
                 recognition to account for the equity investment at FVOCI.

                 The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those assets
                 changes.


           (b)   Recognition and derecognition
                 Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the Group
                 commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows
                 from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all
                 the risks and rewards of ownership.




178   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   37.9 FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
       (c)   Measurement
             At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial asset
             not at FVTPL, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition of the financial asset. Transaction
             costs of financial assets carried at FVTPL are expensed in consolidated statement of profit or loss.

             Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determining whether their
             cash flows are solely payment of principal and interest.


             Debt instruments
             Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the asset
             and the cash flow characteristics of the asset. There are three measurement categories into which the Group
             classifies its debt instruments:

             •     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                   represent solely payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income
                   from these financial assets is included in finance income using the effective interest rate method. Any
                   gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in the consolidated statement of profit or
                   loss and presented in “Other income and gains - net” together with foreign exchange gains and losses.
                   Impairment losses are presented as separate line item in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

             •     FVTPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVTPL. A gain
                   or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at FVTPL is recognised in consolidated
                   statement of profit or loss and presented within “Other income and gains - net” in the period in which it
                   arises.


             Equity instruments
             The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at fair value. Where the Group’s management has
             elected to present fair value gains and losses on equity investments in other comprehensive income, there is
             no subsequent reclassification of fair value gains and losses to the consolidated statement of profit or loss
             following the derecognition of the investment. Dividends from such investments continue to be recognised
             in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as other income when the Group’s right to receive payments is
             established.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       179
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      37.9 FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
           (c)   Measurement (Continued)
                 Changes in the fair value of financial assets at FVTPL are recognised in “Other income and gains - net” in the
                 consolidated statement of profit or loss as applicable.

                 Details on how the fair value of financial instruments is determined are disclosed in Note 3(f) to the financial
                 statements.


           (d)   Impairment
                 The Group assesses on a forward looking basis the expected credit losses associated with its debt instruments
                 carried at amortised cost and FVOCI. The impairment methodology applied depends on whether there has
                 been a significant increase in credit risk.

                 For trade receivables, the Group applies the simplified approach permitted by HKFRS 9, which requires
                 expected lifetime losses to be recognised from initial recognition of the receivables.


      37.10 OFFSETTING FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
           Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount are reported in the consolidated statement of financial
           position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised amounts, and there is an intention
           to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously. The legally enforceable right must
           not be contingent on future events and must be enforceable in the normal course of business and in the event of
           default, insolvency or bankruptcy of the Company or counterparties.


      37.11 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
           Cash and cash equivalents include cash in hand, deposits held at call with financial institutions, other short-term,
           highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less that are readily convertible to known
           amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and bank overdrafts. Bank
           overdrafts are shown within borrowings in current liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position.


      37.12 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
           These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of financial year
           which are unpaid. Trade and other payables are classified as current liabilities if the payables are expected to be
           settled in normal operating cycle, the payables are held by the Group for the purpose of trading, payment is due to
           be settled within one year or less after the reporting period, or the Group does not have the right at the end of the
           reporting period to defer settlement of the payables for at least twelve months after the reporting period.

           Trade payables are recognised initially at fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective
           interest method.




180   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   37.13 SHARE CAPITAL
       Ordinary shares are classified as equity.

       Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of new shares or options are shown in equity as a deduction, net
       of tax, from the proceeds.


   37.14 BORROWINGS
       Accounting policy of borrowings
       Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently
       carried at amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value
       is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the period of the borrowings using the effective
       interest method.

       Fees paid on the establishment of loan facilities are recognised as transaction costs of the loan to the extent that it
       is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down. In this case, the fee is deferred until the draw-down
       occurs. To the extent there is no evidence that it is probable that some or all of the facility will be drawn down,
       the fee is capitalised as a pre-payment for liquidity services and amortised over the period of the facility to which it
       relates.

       Borrowings are removed from the consolidated statement of financial position when the obligation specified in the
       contract is discharged, cancelled or expired.

       Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless, at the end of the reporting period, the Group has a right to
       defer settlement of the liability for at least 12 months after the reporting period.

       Covenants that the Group is required to comply with, on or before the end of the reporting period, are considered
       in classifying loan arrangements with covenants as current or non-current. Covenants that the Group is required to
       comply with after the reporting period do not affect the classification at the reporting date.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    181
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      37.15 BORROWINGS COSTS
           General and specific borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
           assets, which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
           are added to the cost of those assets, until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or
           sale.

           Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on
           qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.


      37.16 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX
           The income tax expense or credit for the period is the tax payable on the current period’s taxable income based
           on the applicable income tax rate for each jurisdiction adjusted by changes in deferred tax assets and liabilities
           attributable to temporary differences and to unused tax losses.

           The tax expense for the year comprises current and deferred tax. Tax is recognised in the consolidated statement of
           profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in
           equity. In this case the tax is also recognised in other comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


           (a)     Current income tax
                   The current income tax charge is calculated on the basis of the tax laws enacted or substantively enacted
                   at the end of the reporting period in the countries where the Company and its subsidiaries and associates
                   operate and generate taxable income. Management periodically evaluates positions taken in tax returns with
                   respect to situations in which applicable tax regulation is subject to interpretation and considers whether it is
                   probable that a taxation authority will accept an uncertain tax treatment. The Group measures its tax balances
                   either based on the most likely amount or the expected value, depending on which method provides a better
                   prediction of the resolution of the uncertainty.




182   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   37.16 CURRENT AND DEFERRED INCOME TAX (Continued)
       (b)   Deferred income tax
             Deferred income tax is provided in full, using the liability method, on temporary differences arising between
             the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the consolidated financial statements.
             However, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if they arise from the initial recognition of goodwill.
             Deferred income tax is also not accounted for if it arises from initial recognition of an asset or liability in a
             transaction other than a business combination that at the time of the transaction affects neither accounting
             nor taxable profit or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences.
             Deferred income tax is determined using tax rates (and laws) that have been enacted or substantially enacted
             by the end of the reporting period and are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is
             realised or the deferred income tax liability is settled.

             The deferred tax liability in relation to investment property that is measured at fair value is determined
             assuming the property will be recovered either through sale or through use.

             Deferred tax assets are recognised only if it is probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise
             those temporary differences and losses.

             Deferred tax liabilities and assets are not recognised for temporary differences between the carrying amount
             and tax bases of investments in foreign operations where the Company is able to control the timing of the
             reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that the differences will not reverse in the foreseeable
             future.

             Current and deferred tax is recognised in profit or loss, except to the extent that it relates to items recognised
             in other comprehensive income or directly in equity. In this case, the tax is also recognised in other
             comprehensive income or directly in equity, respectively.


       (c)   Offsetting
             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets
             and liabilities and when the deferred tax balances relate to the same taxation authority. Current tax assets and
             tax liabilities are offset where the entity has a legally enforceable right to offset and intends either to settle on
             a net basis, or to realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.


       (d)   Investment allowances and similar tax incentives
             Companies within the Group may be entitled to claim special tax deductions for investments in qualifying
             assets or in relation to qualifying expenditure (e.g. investment allowances). The Group accounts for such
             allowances as tax credits, which means that the allowance reduces income tax payable and current tax
             expense. A deferred tax asset is recognised for unclaimed tax credits that can be carried forward and when it is
             probable that future taxable amounts will be available to utilise the unclaimed tax credits.




                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED    183
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      37.17 PROVISIONS
           Provisions for legal claims, service warranties and make good obligations are recognised when: the Group has a
           present legal or constructive obligation as a result of past events; it is probable that an outflow of resources will
           be required to settle the obligation; and the amount has been reliably estimated. Provisions are not recognised for
           future operating losses.

           Where there are a number of similar obligations, the likelihood that an outflow will be required in settlement is
           determined by considering the class of obligations as a whole. A provision is recognised even if the likelihood of an
           outflow with respect to any one item included in the same class of obligations may be small.

           Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditures required to settle
           the obligation at the end of the reporting period. The discount rate used to determine the present value is a pre-tax
           rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The
           increase in the provision due to passage of time is recognised as interest expense.


      37.18 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS
           (a)   Pension obligations
                 The Group participates in a number of defined contribution plans, the assets of which are generally held in
                 separate trustee-administered funds. The pension plans are generally funded by payments from employees and
                 by the relevant group companies. A defined contribution plan is a pension plan under which the Group pays
                 fixed contributions into a separate entity. The Group has no legal or constructive obligations to pay further
                 contribution if the fund does not hold sufficient assets to pay all employees the benefits relating to employee
                 services in the current and prior periods. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions
                 have been paid.

                 The contributions are recognised as employee benefit expenses when they are due. Prepaid contributions are
                 recognised as an asset to the extent that a cash refund or a reduction in the future payments is available.




184   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   37.18 EMPLOYEE BENEFITS (Continued)
       (b)   Employees leave entitlements
             Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision is made
             for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees up to the end of the
             reporting period.

             Employee entitlements to sick leave and maternity leave are not recognised until the time of leave.


   37.19 SHARE-BASED PAYMENT
       Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
       The Group operates a number of equity-settled, share-based compensation plans, under which the entity receives
       services from employees as consideration for equity instruments (options) of the Group. The fair value of the
       employee services received in exchange for the grant of the options is recognised as an expense. The total amount
       to be expensed is determined by reference to the fair value of the options granted:

       •     including any market performance conditions (for example, an entity’s share price);

       •     excluding the impact of any service and non-market performance vesting conditions (for example, profitability,
             sales growth targets and remaining an employee of the entity over a specified time period); and

       •     including the impact of any non-vesting conditions (for example, the requirement for employees to save).

       The total expense is recognised over the vesting period, which is the period over which all of the specified vesting
       conditions are to be satisfied. At the end of each period, the entity revises its estimates of the number of options
       that are expected to vest based on the non-market vesting and service conditions. It recognises the impact of the
       revision to original estimates, if any, in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to equity.

       When the options are exercised, the Company issues new shares. The proceeds received net of any directly
       attributable transaction costs are credited to share capital (nominal value) and share premium when the options are
       exercised.

       When the options are forfeited, the expense recognised in prior periods is reversed. When the options are expired,
       the reserve related to the expired options is transferred to retained earnings.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED   185
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements


37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

      37.20 LEASES
           Leases are recognised as a right-of-use asset and a corresponding liability at the date at which the leased asset is
           available for use by the Group.

           Assets and liabilities arising from a lease are initially measured on a present value basis. Lease liabilities include the
           net present value of the following lease payments:

           •      fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable

           •      variable lease payment that are based on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
                  commencement date

           •      amounts expected to be payable by the Group under residual value guarantees

           •      the exercise price of a purchase option if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise that option, and

           •      payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising that option.

           Lease payments to be made under reasonably certain extension options are also included in the measurement of the
           liability.

           Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to profit or loss over
           the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability for
           each period.

           Right-of-use assets are measured at cost comprising the following:

           •      the amount of the initial measurement of lease liability

           •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received

           •      any initial direct costs, and

           •      restoration costs.




186   XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
37. SUMMARY OF OTHER MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)

   37.21 GOVERNMENT GRANTS
        Grants from the government are recognised at their fair values where there is a reasonable assurance that the grant
        will be received and the Group will comply with all attached conditions.

        Note 5(a) provides further information on how the Group accounts for government grants.


   37.22 DIVIDEND DISTRIBUTION
        Dividend distribution to the Company’s shareholders is recognised as a liability in the Group’s consolidated financial
        statements and the Company’s financial statements in the period in which the dividends are approved by the
        Company’s shareholders or directors, where appropriate.


   37.23 INTEREST INCOME
        Interest income is presented as finance income where it is earned from financial assets that are held for cash
        management purposes. Any other interest income is included in other income.

        Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset
        except for financial assets that subsequently become credit-impaired. For credit-impaired financial assets the effective
        interest rate is applied to the net carrying amount of the financial asset (after deduction of the loss allowance).


38. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

   The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 27 February 2026.




                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025 I XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED       187
Financial Summary


A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is presented below.

                                                                       Year ended 31 December

                                                 2025                2024               2023               2022                 2021
                                             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

Revenue                                    20,829,014         22,323,569         24,293,673         22,005,354         25,318,636
Cost of sales                             (14,347,222)       (15,091,812)       (16,476,198)       (14,597,508)        (12,204,161)

Gross profit                                6,481,792          7,231,757          7,817,475           7,407,846        13,114,475

Profit before income tax                    2,905,101          4,248,029          5,775,149           5,085,762        11,223,081
Income tax expense                           (167,667)          (876,119)           (879,666)          (719,297)        (1,605,146)

Profit for the year                         2,737,434          3,371,910          4,895,483           4,366,465          9,617,935
Profit attributable to
  – equity holders of the Company           2,729,004          3,369,173          4,883,103           4,351,845          9,605,639
  – non-controlling interests                    8,430              2,737             12,380             14,620             12,296

                                            2,737,434          3,371,910          4,895,483           4,366,465          9,617,935
Dividends                                   1,357,391          1,633,469          2,427,346           2,257,053          4,766,587


Asset and Liabilities                                                       As at 31 December

                                                 2025                2024               2023               2022                 2021
                                             RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000

Total assets                               47,623,628         48,078,296         46,316,143         46,742,940         46,193,308
Total liabilities                          10,765,644         13,701,155         13,621,491         18,027,015         17,817,254

                                           36,857,984         34,377,141         32,694,652         28,715,925         28,376,054

Equity attributable to equity
  holders of the Company                   36,808,874         34,284,785         32,589,899         28,613,226         28,287,854
Non-controlling interests                      49,110              92,356           104,753             102,699             88,200

                                           36,857,984         34,377,141         32,694,652         28,715,925         28,376,054




188    XINYI GLASS HOLDINGS LIMITED I ANNUAL REPORT 2025
