ANNUAL REVIEW
There are statements in this Review that are ‘forward looking statements.’ As these
forward-looking statements are predictive in nature, they are subject to a number of risks
and uncertainties relating to Rubicon, and our Tenon and ArborGen investments, which are
beyond our control. As a result of the foregoing, actual results and conditions may differ
materially from those expressed or implied by such statements.
Tenon’s risks and uncertainties include - that its operations and results are significantly
influenced by the level of activity in the various sectors of the economies in which it
competes, particularly in North America. Fluctuations in industrial output, commercial and
residential construction activity, capital availability, housing turnover and pricing, levels
of repair and remodelling and additions to existing homes, new housing starts, relative
exchange rates, interest rates, and profitability of customers, can each have a substantial
impact on Tenon’s results of operations and financial condition. Other Tenon risks include
competitor product development and demand, pricing and customer concentration risk, and
the outcome of the Tenon Strategic Review which is unknown and uncertain (although a
Blue Wolf Capital offer was announced on 29 August 2016 in respect of Tenon’s North
American division). Grant Samuel is preparing a valuation report for Tenon shareholders,
which shows a value range of NZ$3.01 - NZ$3.25 per Tenon share assuming completion
of the Blue Wolf offer, however that value is subject to a number of uncertainties and
risks beyond the control of Tenon, and it is also pre-transaction / wind-up costs. The actual
outcome will be determined by the Strategic Review process, which may differ materially
from the indicative Grant Samuel valuation. Tenon discloses its results separately on the
NZX, and those releases may contain additional information on its performance, risks and
opportunities than are presented in Rubicon’s reporting of Tenon’s activities. Accordingly,
Rubicon shareholders should also refer to Tenon’s separate NZX announcements.
ArborGen’s risks and uncertainties include (in addition to the macro condition risks noted
above) - the global markets and geographies in which it operates, intellectual property
protection, regulatory approvals, competitor performance, public and customer acceptance
of genetically engineered products, customer adoption of advanced seedling products,
the success of ArborGen’s research and development activities, weather conditions and
biological matters. Rubicon is the majority shareholder in Tenon, and effectively controls
the operational / financial performance and strategic direction of Tenon as a result. In
contrast, Rubicon is only a minority equity investor in ArborGen, and accordingly it does not
control the operational / financial performance and strategy of ArborGen, and it is therefore
dependent upon another of ArborGen’s partners voting in a like-minded manner in order
for Rubicon to achieve its desired ArborGen outcomes.
As a result of the foregoing, actual results and conclusions may differ materially from those
expressed or implied by such statements.


All references in this document to $ or “dollars” are references to United States dollars unless
otherwise stated.
                                                                                                  1




This document is the Annual Review of operations
for the year to 30 June 2016. It addresses in summary
form the highlights for the period in each of the
Company’s major business activities – i.e. ArborGen
and Tenon.



Table of Contents

Tenon highlights...............................................................               2

ArborGen highlights.......................................................                    4

Tenon......................................................................................   6

ArborGen..............................................................................        8

Financial................................................................................ 10

Looking Ahead.................................................................. 10

Summary Financial Statements................................. 12

Board of Directors .......................................................... 20

Investor Information ..................................................... 21
        Rubicon has two core investments - Tenon and ArborGen.
        The summary highlights for each for the 12-month period ending 30 June 2016 are outlined below.


2       Tenon Highlights


        Shareholder Value Announcements
         Strategic review progressing
         • Blue Wolf Capital (“Blue Wolf”) offer received for Tenon’s North American operations -
        		 • US$110 million purchase price
        		 • Implied FY’16 EBITDA1 multiple of 7.3x (adjusted for the LSCFP2)
        		 • Offer to go to Tenon shareholders for approval in November
        		 • Will be combined with large shareholder pro-rata capital return
        		 • Grant Samuel to prepare independent report for Tenon shareholders
        		 • All Tenon debt to be repaid on closing

         • Separate review process in relation to Australasian Clearwood (“Clearwood”) assets continuing

         Tenon final dividend of NZ 6.503 cps announced, up 30% on last year’s final dividend

        Financial and Operational
         Improved operational earnings performance
         •	
           Revenue4 of $430 million, up 9% (cpp5 $396 million excluding forest / log sales4)

         •	A goodwill write-down of $31 million recorded in relation to Blue Wolf offer along with $3 million of
            strategic review costs expensed, saw Tenon report a net loss after tax of $(21) million

         •	
           Excluding both those costs, net profit after tax more than doubled, to $13 million (cpp $6 million), and
           this was after expensing $3 million of restructuring / impairment costs in North America and Australasia (refer
           EBITDA commentary below)

         •	
           Gross margin expanded to 26% (cpp 24%, adjusted for forest and log sales)

         •	
           Operating earnings lifted 130% to $23 million (cpp $10 million) and EBITDA1 doubled to $26 million (cpp
           $13 million), prior to the $31 million goodwill write-down noted above in relation to the Blue Wolf
           offer, $3 million of strategic review costs, and $3 million of restructuring / impairment costs




    2
                                                                                                                3




 Key operational initiatives were completed
 •	
   The two NZ manufacturing capital projects, totalling $7 million, were concluded -
		 •	The optimising edger was commissioned in August / September ‘15, the ripline project was commissioned
      in April / May ’16, and both are achieving targeted benefits
		 •	Annualised EBITDA benefits projected to exceed $4 million pa
 •	
   Texas warehouse consolidation completed -
		 •	367,500 sq ft building was completed in Texas in June ‘16
		 •	Houston and Dallas facilities now consolidated into this new mega-facility
		 •	Logistics, efficiency and rental gains to be realised moving forward

 •	
   New procurement and forecasting system (Data Profits) now in place

 • New business won -
		 •	New, and extended, National Home Centre product programmes won (e.g. commodity boards)

 • Territories expanded -
		 •	Pro-dealer regional expansion implemented (e.g. Louisiana and New York)

 Balance sheet strengthened
 •	
   Net cash from operating activities lifted materially, to $35 million (cpp $2 million)

 •	
   Closing debt (net of cash balances) reduced by $22 million, to $36 million (cpp $58 million), reflecting -

		 •	Cash flow from operations, less –
			 	$3 million expenditure on the completion of the NZ manufacturing projects, and $2 million in other
      capex (e.g. IT-related spend in NA distribution activities)
			 	$5 million in shareholder dividend payments
			 	$3 million in financing costs


Outlook
 US housing market to continue to improve
 Operational initiatives put in place in FY’16 to be reflected in FY’17 earnings
 EBITDA1 and Net Earnings targeted to improve6 further
4       ArborGen Highlights


        Financial and Operational
         Production and sales
         •	Revenue increased to $37 million			
         •	Advanced genetics targets met -
        		 • US advanced genetics increased ≈ 25% of loblolly volumes (cpp 22%)
        		 • ANZ advanced genetics ≈ 85% of total radiata revenue
         •	Global production was up 5% y-o-y, to 324 million seedlings (cpp 309 million)
        		 • Brazil sales increased 400%, to 30 million seedlings
        			 	25 million eucalyptus (cpp 6 million)
        			 	5 million loblolly (cpp nil)
        		 •	ANZ sales were flat ‘y-o-y’ at 21 million
        		 •	Although demand was strong, US sales were down 3% to 273 million, due to -
        			 	Floods in the US South affecting seed germination and damaging crops
        			 	Planting crew availability and unseasonal weather adversely impacting site preparation

         Herbicide tolerant eucalyptus (biotech) field trial approval received from the regulatory authority
          (CTNBio) in Brazil

         Focus remains on critical commercial milestones for forward financing event

         Cash requirements for working capital and growth continue to be refined -
         • Surplus land sales advanced
         • Employee litigation settled
         • Restructuring initiatives completed
         • US acquisition opportunities progressed

         On track to meet EBITDA operational break-even / positive FY’17 run rate objective




    4
                                                                                                           5




 New Debt facilities put in place
 •	A new 20-year term loan facility of $13 million, was established with AgSouth
 •	The existing NBSC bank relationship has been extended out to August 2017, with a $15 million working
    capital line
 • Funding lines of $28 million are now available to ArborGen in North America
 • Australasian operations are funded by a NZ$4.5 million facility, expiring in 2018


Outlook
 US housing activity levels forecast to continue to increase over next five years
 Brazil forestry and wood products market demand conditions to remain positive
 New Zealand / Australia conditions to improve off current ‘trough’ conditions
6       Tenon


        Operational Review
        2016 was a strong performance year for Tenon – not only in terms       •	Operating earnings lifted 130% and EBITDA1 doubled
        of financial results, but also in terms of setting the company’s          (excluding strategic review costs, goodwill write-down relating
        platform for future growth. In no particular order –                      to the Blue Wolf offer (refer detailed discussion below), and
                                                                                  restructuring / impairment costs).
        •	Tenon completed its two large capital upgrade projects at
          Taupo, to their combined budget and commissioning timelines.         •	Tenon generated $35 million in net cash from operating
          The technology implicit in these projects now provides the              activities in the period – a strong improvement on the $2 million
          Taupo operations with greater ‘cut’ flexibility, improves recovery      generated in the cpp, which helped reduce Tenon’s net debt to
          of higher value grades, achieves through-put efficiencies, and          $36 million at balance date (cpp $58 million).
          offers improved responsiveness to changes in market demand
          by product type. The $4 million pa additional EBITDA1 that           •	A NZ 6.50 cps final Tenon dividend in respect of fiscal 2016 has
          should flow from these two projects will also be a strong               been announced, which is a 30% increase on last year’s final
          positive for next year’s earnings.                                      dividend. This dividend will be paid in September 2016 to Tenon
                                                                                  shareholders.
        • Tenon continued to grow its distribution footprint in the US,
           expanding territories and launching new product programmes.         Strategic Review
        • In June, the consolidation of Tenon’s two Texas warehouses          In August last year Tenon announced that it would undertake a
           into one mega-facility in Dallas was completed. This new            strategic review of the company to help determine the most
           purpose-built 367,500 sq ft facility will allow Tenon to better     appropriate risk-adjusted value path forward for shareholders, in
           serve its customers in the region, whilst reducing its cost base    order to close the perceived value-gap that was evident in the share
           through rent and logistics savings.                                 trading price at that time. The Tenon board appointed Deutsche
                                                                               Bank and Deutsche Craigs to assist it in that endeavour, and soon
        •	A new demand planning / procurement system in Tenon’s               after – in October last year – announced that it had received
           North American distribution operations was implemented. The         expressions of interests in Tenon that required the company to run
           targeted benefits include better inventory management and           a full sales process, as one of the key value alternatives open to the
           increased sales across any given 12-month period. While Tenon       company to close the value gap.
           is still in the ‘bedding down’ phase of the implementation, by
           the end of the current calendar year the majority of the on-        Much has happened since then. For a start, Tenon’s earnings profile
           going operational benefits from this system will be in place.       has begun to prove out as projected, with EBITDA1 doubling in
                                                                               FY’16. Cash generation has also strengthened materially, with the
        •	Some large restructuring / impairment costs were incurred in        Tenon repaying $22 million of its net debt balance in this last fiscal
          FY’16 (e.g. $2 million in respect of our Australian operations,      year alone. And Tenon’s share price has increased significantly.
          and $1 million in relation to the Texas warehouse consolidation).    When the strategic review was announced last year, Tenon had not
          These were fully expensed in the period, and having them             begun to pay dividends, the NZ$:US$ fx cross rate was under 65
          addressed will be a positive for Tenon moving into FY’17.            cents, and the Tenon share price was NZ$2.00. As at the time of




    6
                                                                                                                                                      7




writing this report, the cross rate was over 72 cents, Tenon had       The Tenon board has engaged Grant Samuel to produce an
announced three dividends over the past 12 months totalling            independent report on the proposal for Tenon shareholders, and
NZ17.25 cps, and the Tenon share price was over NZ$2.50.               they will be assessing the value of Tenon’s residual manufacturing
Adjusting for dividends paid and fx rate movements, the total          operations as part of their overall assessment of Tenon value for
return on our Tenon investment since the strategic review              shareholders. We await that report, however we note that Tenon
announcement in August last year (i.e. the past 12 months)             has said that Grant Samuel has confirmed that the Blue Wolf offer is
has been circa 50%, so we have been very pleased with that,            within its assessment of the valuation range for the North American
and with the closing of much of the Tenon value gap that has           operations, of $108.1 - $129.5 million. Grant Samuel has also
occurred since the announcement of the review.                         provided an indicative value range for Tenon as a whole, of NZ$3.01
                                                                       - NZ$3.25 per share assuming the Blue Wolf offer proceeds, using
The sales process that Deutsche has run determined that there          a NZ$:US$ exchange rate of 72 cents, inclusive of the value of the
were distinct buyer classes for each of Tenon’s North American         NZ manufacturing operations not subject to the Blue Wolf offer, and
distribution operations and its NZ manufacturing activities,           pre transaction / wind-up costs. Of course, this is a valuation report
and that in order to optimise value for shareholders separate          only, and not a ‘realised value’ or a ‘promise’ from Tenon, as at the
review processes should be run in respect of these two asset           end of the day the outcome will ultimately be determined by the
classes. On 29 August Tenon announced that it had received a           conclusion of Tenon’s strategic review process later this year.
signed offer from Blue Wolf (a North American private equity
                                                                       The Blue Wolf offer will be put to Tenon shareholders for approval
firm operating in the forest and wood products arena) to
                                                                       at a November Tenon meeting, and approval of the Blue Wolf offer
acquire its North American operations only, for US$110 million
                                                                       and completion of the deal would see all of Tenon’s debt repaid and
(which reflects a 7.3x multiple on Tenon’s North American
                                                                       a large (amount yet to be announced) pro-rata cash capital return
division FY’16 EBITDA1 (adjusted for the Lowe’s supply chain
                                                                       made to all Tenon shareholders, including to Rubicon as Tenon’s
financing programme, which had a balance of $20 million at             60% shareholder. Tenon will be continuing with a review process in
30 June)). Tenon’s large New Zealand Clearwood manufacturing           respect of its residual Clearwood operations.
operations (which had revenue of circa $90 million last year
including Australia) fall completely outside of this offer.            If shareholders elect not to proceed with the Blue Wolf offer,
                                                                       Tenon has determined that, from a strategic perspective, it will still
Historically our assets have been accounted for under IFRS at          continue with the NZ manufacturing strategic review process to see
their ‘value-in-use’ (i.e. the value of Tenon under our continued      where that leads, and it will also continue to run the company for
ownership and control, through the cycle), which you will              value as it did in fiscal ‘16. In that scenario, Tenon’s stated intent is to
understand can be quite different from a purchase offer received       immediately re-leverage Tenon to market levels and simultaneously
at any point in time, particularly in early cyclical recovery. Like    return a large amount of capital to shareholders in a one-off capital
Tenon itself, we have taken a $31 million impairment charge in our     return proposal. We concur with Tenon that the return of capital to
30 June financial statements in order to align the carrying value of   shareholders at this point in the company’s life remains the best use
our Tenon investment with the Blue Wolf offer price, and this is       of the surplus cash being generated today (in the absence of any
disclosed on the face of the income statement.                         obvious acquisition target).
8       ArborGen



        The Highlights summary at the beginning of this Review shows        Despite the factors impacting US sales, revenue still lifted to
        the ArborGen achievements succinctly.                               $37 million. Pleasingly, gross margin from commercial sales
                                                                            also increased 20% to $12 million (cpp $10 million), as the
        In this respect, the high point was unquestionably the              relative share of advanced genetics stock increased as a
        growth achieved in Brazil, where varietal eucalyptus                percentage of the total. And, as a result, ArborGen believes
        production and sales increased from six million seedlings           it remains on track to meet its break-even EBITDA goal.
        last year to 25 million in 2016, and where pine sales
        increased from a ‘standing start’ to five million seedlings in      Although ArborGen has made the strategic decision to focus
        the period. Two years ago, ArborGen made the initial strategic      its immediate efforts on developing advanced non-regulated
        decision to enter Brazil – this year it sold 30 million seedlings   seedlings, as this avoids the development cost and long lead-
        in both eucalyptus and pine, which represents a 400% growth         time regulatory approval process associated with biotech
        y-o-y. A sound platform has now been established in the largest     crops, ArborGen will use its transgenic biotech capability to
        commercial eucalyptus geography in the world. The question          develop improved genetic products to take to market where it
        now is how best to fund the productive capacity needed to           makes commercial sense to do so – i.e. where the performance
        meet the growth ArborGen sees there.                                outcome is relatively certain, where product performance
                                                                            can be proven early in a tree’s life, where market demand is
        Whilst total global production and sales were up 5% (the            evident, and where the product cannot be developed another
        target for the year), US production and sales were down             way. To this point, CTNbio, the relevant regulatory authority in
        3%. This was due to factors completely outside of ArborGen’s        Brazil, has recently given ArborGen approval to field test its
        control. Severe weather conditions in the US south saw poor         new herbicide tolerant eucalyptus product – a good example of
        seed germination, and crop ‘wash-outs’ from floods. This in         a product which meets each of these conditions.
        turn saw forest companies unable to take all seedlings as site
        preparation was delayed. The lack of planting crews due to          During the period ArborGen focused on actions that tidied up
        changes to temporary employment rules, also impacted 2016.          the balance sheet and improved the company’s funding
        So the year was affected by a ‘smorgasboard’ of uncontrollable      position. Surplus land sales were advanced in North America
        factors, that saw sales volumes decline y-o-y.                      and Australasia, patents carried on the balance sheet were
                                                                            aggressively tested for asset value and written-off where
        Pleasingly, despite those factors, the adoption of advanced         appropriate to do so, and ArborGen’s bank funding facilities
        genetics by ArborGen’s customers (the critical indicator)           were addressed. During the year, AgSouth was brought in as a
        continued to increase, representing 25% of loblolly sales           new relationship bank, with a 20-year $13 million term loan.
        volumes in 2016 compared with 22% in 2015.                          NBSC’s existing $15 million working capital line was extended
                                                                            out to August 2017. Australasia’s existing NZ$4.5 million bank
        ArborGen Australasia’s advanced genetics sales as a                 line was extended out until November 2018, and is sufficient to
        percentage of total pine revenue remained at around                 fund all its needs. In total, ArborGen now has over $30 million
        85%, on flat sales y-o-y. This extraordinarily high percentage is   of bank funding lines available to it.
        indicative of where the US market can also get to over time,
        and it represents the ArborGen opportunity in a ‘nutshell’ when     It was pleasing to put the ArborGen employee dispute
        compared with the current 25% level.                                behind us. As has been previously publicly stated, the dispute


    8
                                                                                                                                             9




has been settled for an immaterial cost to Rubicon. However, the        a confidential settlement arrangement, which brings this matter
true cost is better measured in wasted time, resource, emotion,         to a final conclusion. The net financial cost to Rubicon of that
and reputation. In that respect we were extremely disappointed          settlement is immaterial, and as far as Rubicon and its investment
with some of the media coverage of the situation. Not wanting           in ArborGen are concerned, there is no further financial impact
to labour the point, but for the record, the release we made to         from this lawsuit.
the NZX and market on 24 March read as follows –
                                                                        It is very difficult to misread that statement, but some chose to
Rubicon announced today that the South Carolina Court                   do so all the same.
presiding over the ArborGen employee litigation has granted the
defendants’ (i.e. ArborGen, International Paper, MeadWestvaco,          The Partners have confirmed their funding commitment to
Rubicon, and their current and former representatives) motion           ArborGen for the current fiscal year, and next year’s funding
to alter / amend the judgment in this matter. The Court has             will be established at the time that the new budget and capital
dismissed the litigation, and vacated in its entirety its prior US$53   programme is agreed in Q2 of next calendar year. This will
million order in favour of the plaintiffs (i.e. it is null and void,    obviously form part of a wider funding discussion.
and of no effect), and the parties to the litigation have agreed
10    Rubicon


      Financial
      As Rubicon’s functional currency is the US dollar, our financial statements           expenditure programme, which included the completion of the
      generally refer to US dollars unless otherwise stated. All numbers are rounded
                                                                                            two large optimisation capital upgrade projects at its Taupo NZ
      to the nearest million. As Rubicon has majority ownership (59.8%) of Tenon, NZ
      International Reporting Standards (IFRS) require Tenon’s Income, Cash Flows and       manufacturing site, interest paid of $5 million (cpp $4 million),
      Balance Sheet financial statements to be consolidated into Rubicon’s statements.      and dividends paid to minority Tenon shareholders of $2 million.
      This is the basis upon which our financial statements are presented in this Review.


      Rubicon recorded a bottom line net loss after tax of $24 million.                     As noted in the highlights, during the period ArborGen extended its

      Excluding the goodwill write-down of $31 million in relation to                       existing $15 million working capital line with NBSC out to August

      the Blue Wolf offer, Rubicon recorded a net profit after tax of $7                    2017, and established a new bank relationship with AgSouth,

      million, more than doubling the previous year’s $3 million profit.                    where a 20-year $13 million amortising term loan was put in place.

      Operating earnings (excluding the Tenon goodwill and impairment                       ArborGen’s NZ$4.5 million domestic bank facility which funds its

      / restructuring write-downs, and strategic review costs) almost                       Australasian activities was extended out to November 2018. Tenon

      trebled to $22 million (cpp $8 million), largely due to a recovery in                 has a $75 million syndicated financing facility that does not expire

      Tenon’s earnings (refer TENON section). This uplift was also reflected                until 2020. During the period, Rubicon also extended its existing

      in our EBITDA result, which more than doubled to $25 million profit
                      1                                                                     $20 million debt facility with the ANZ out to January 2017, and

      (2015: $11 million).                                                                  also issued $3.5 million of debt notes fully subordinated to the
                                                                                            ANZ facility.
      As Rubicon owns only 31.67% of ArborGen, ArborGen is treated
      as an associate and its debt is not consolidated into Rubicon’s
                                                                                            Looking ahead
      balance sheet, however Tenon’s debt is consolidated into Rubicon’s
      statements as we own 59.8% of Tenon. ArborGen and Tenon’s                             Tenon
      debt are non-recourse to Rubicon Limited. At year-end, Rubicon’s                      The focus is now on the Blue Wolf transaction, and the review
      consolidated bank debt (net of cash) was $62 million (2015:                           of Tenon’s residual Clearwood assets. A Tenon shareholder
      $78 million), of which Tenon’s debt was $36 million (2015: $58                        meeting in November will determine the outcome of the first of
      million), and Rubicon Limited’s own debt was $26 million (2015:                       these, and if approved will result in a significant return of capital
      $20 million). The $16 million reduction in Rubicon’s consolidated                     to Rubicon – more than sufficient to repay all Rubicon’s bank
      net debt reflected cash flow from operations of $32 million (cpp                      debt and subordinated notes (should we wish to do so), and to
      $(1) million), less Partner contributions to ArborGen of $4 million                   meet Rubicon’s future ArborGen funding needs. The successful
      (cpp $6 million), $5 million (cpp $6 million) on Tenon’s capital                      conclusion of the NZ manufacturing review by Tenon, could offer




 10
                                                                                                                                                        11




even further headroom for Rubicon, and provide the necessary                On behalf of Board and management we would like to thank all
capital to address immediate ArborGen opportunities.                        our stakeholders for their continued support. As always, it is very
                                                                            much appreciated.
ArborGen
The unfortunate and disappointing employee litigation is now                Sincerely,
behind ArborGen. Whilst it resulted in an immaterial dollar
settlement cost to Rubicon, it was a major distraction for all
involved. With that out of the way, we can now focus purely on
the future. Achieving strategic agreement on the growth and
funding path for ArborGen moving forward is now the number
one agenda item for the Partners. The business objectives are               Stephen Kasnet 				
clear, with achieving a break-even / positive EBITDA position being         Chairman (on behalf of the board)
the immediate target to report against.                                     29 August 2016




Footnotes

1 EBITDA (i.e. Earnings before Interest, Taxation, Depreciation and Amortisations) refer Note 1, page 17.
2 LSCFP refers to the Lowe’s supply chain financing programme, which had a balance of $20 million at 30 June 2016.
3 Imputation credits will not be attached to the dividend, due to Tenon’s current non-tax paying position in New Zealand.
4 R evenue historically includes the sale of logs at the NZ (Taupo) manufacturing site under back-to-back forest stumpage arrangements. As planned,
 these arrangements terminated during Tenon’s FY’15 fiscal year. Whilst additive to revenue, these log sales were carried out at zero margin and did
 not contribute to Net Earnings. The log sales number included in revenue in FY ’15 was $6 million. Revenue also includes the sale of residual forest
 assets (from time to time) that Tenon holds. The revenue from the sale of forests in FY’15 was $4 million. Revenue excluding both forest and back-
 to-back stumpage sales was $396 million for FY’15. There was no revenue in FY16 relating to either of these items.
5 cpp refers to the corresponding prior period – ie the comparable 12-month period to 30 June 2015 (ie FY’15).
6 Future actual earnings, cash flow, net debt and dividend payment outcomes will be dependent upon continued US housing market recovery, interest
 rates, NZ$:US$ cross rate, and the strategic review (amongst other drivers, many of which are beyond Tenon’s control). In particular, the guidance
 noted herein assumes no adverse changes in either macro-market conditions, and assumes a NZ$:US$ cross rate level similar to that which prevailed
 in FY’16.
      R U B I CO N L I M I T E D A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S

12    Consolidated Income Statement
      F o r t h e y e a r e n d e d 3 0 J u n e 2016




                  RUBICON GROUP
      						 Year ended  Year ended
       					  June 2016    June 2015
      						US$m               US$m
        Revenue						                                                            430     406
        Cost of sales					                                                      (317)   (308)
        Gross earnings					                                                     113      98

        Earnings by associate					                                                1        1
        Distribution expense					                                               (76)     (74)
        Administration expense					                                             (16)     (17)
        Operating earnings excluding items below                  		22                     8

        Impairment					                                                         (33)       –
        Strategic review costs					                                               (3)      –
        Other expenses					                                                       (1)      –
        Operating earnings before financing expense			                          (15)       8

        Financing expense					                                                    (5)     (5)
        Earnings before taxation				                                            (20)       3

        Tax expense					                                                          (4)      –
        Net Earnings					                                                       (24)       3

        Attributable to:
        Rubicon shareholders					                                               (16)       1
        Minority shareholders					                                                (8)      2
        Net Earnings					                                                       (24)       3

        									

        Basic / diluted earnings per share information (cents per share)			     (3.9)    0.2
        Weighted average number of shares outstanding (millions of shares)			   409     409




 12
R U B I CO N L I M I T E D A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S


Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
F o r t h e y e a r e n d e d 3 0 J u n e 2016
                                                                                       13




            RUBICON GROUP
						 Year ended  Year ended
 					  June 2016    June 2015
							US$m              US$m
  Net Earnings						                                                     (24)    3
  Items that may be reclassified to the Consolidated Income Statement:
      Movement in currency translation reserve			                         (1)    (4)
      Movement in hedge reserve 			                                        1     (1)
  Other comprehensive income (net of tax)			                               –     (5)
  Total comprehensive income			                                          (24)    (2)

 Total comprehensive income attributable to:
		Rubicon shareholders					                                              (17)    (2)
		Minority shareholders					                                               (7)    –
  Total comprehensive income		                                           (24)    (2)
      R U B I CO N L I M I T E D A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S

14    Statement of Changes in Equity
      F o r t h e y e a r e n d e d 3 0 J u n e 2016




                   RUBICON GROUP
      						 Year ended   Year ended
       					  June 2016    June 2015
      							US$m              US$m
        Total comprehensive income			(24)                                   (2)
       Movement in minority shareholders’ equity:
       		 Share buyback by Tenon						                           –			  (1)
      		 Dividend									                                      (2)     –
       Total movement in shareholder equity attributable to:
       		 Rubicon shareholders’ equity				                    (17)     (2) 				
       		 Minority shareholders’ equity				                     (9)    (1)
       Opening equity attributable to:									
       		 Rubicon shareholders								                       157			   159
      		 Minority shareholders							                          49      50
       Opening total Group equity						                      206			   209
       Closing equity attributable to:
       		 Rubicon shareholders 							                       140			   157		
       		 Minority shareholders 						                         40			   49
       Closing Total Group Equity			                         180      206




 14
R U B I CO N L I M I T E D A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S

Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
F o r t h e y e a r e n d e d 3 0 J u n e 2016
                                                                                       15




            RUBICON GROUP
						 Year ended  Year ended
 					  June 2016   June 2015
						US$m              US$m
  Cash was provided from operating activities
    Receipts from customers				                                      428     404
  Cash provided from operating activities			                          428     404
    Payments to suppliers, employees and other			                    (395)   (404)
    Tax paid						                                                     (1)      (1)
  Cash (used in) operating activities			                             (396)   (405)
  Net cash from (used in) operating activities		                      32       (1)
    Investment in fixed assets				                                    (5)      (6)
    Investment in associate 					                                     (4)      (6)
  Net cash from (used in) investing activities		         (9)  (12)
    Debt drawdowns						18                                     26		
    Debt repayment						                                (29)  (10)
    Interest paid						                                   (5)   (4)
    Return to Tenon minority shareholders by way of:					
  		Share buyback						                                                 –      (1)
  		Dividend						                                                     (2)      –
   Net cash from (used in) financing activities			                    (18)     11
   Net movement in cash				                                             5      (2)		
    Opening cash, liquid deposits and overdrafts			                    (3)     (1)
  Closing Cash, Liquid Deposits and Overdrafts		                        2      (3)

  Net Earnings						                       (24)                                 3
  Adjustment for:
    Financing expense						5                                                     5
    Depreciation						3                                                          3
    Taxation						                            3                                 (1)
    Earnings from associate					             (1)                                (1)
    Forest assets						                       –                                  1
    Impairment and other non cash items			  34                                   –
  Cash flow from operations before net working capital movement			    20       10
    Trade and other receivables			                                    (2)       (1)
    Inventory						                                                    9      (16)
    Trade and other payables				                                       5         6
  Net working capital movement			                                     12      (11)
  Net cash from operating activities			32                                      (1)
     R U B I CO N L I M I T E D A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S

16   Consolidated Balance Sheet
     A s a t 3 0 J u n e 2016




                                                                                                                        RUBICON GROUP
     						                                                                                                          June 2016   June 2015
     					 Notes                                                                                                         US$m        US$m
       Current assets
       Cash and liquid deposits				                                                                                         2               –		
       Trade and other receivables				                                                                                     36              34
       Inventory						                                                                                                     71              81
       Total current assets				                                                                                           109             115
       Non current assets
       Fixed assets					                                                                                                   26              24
       Forest assets					                                                                                                   1               1
       Investment in associate					                                                                                        91              87
       Goodwill					                  2                                                                                    54              85
       Deferred taxation asset					                                                                                         8              11
       Total non current assets			                                                                                        180             208
       Total assets					                                                                                                  289             323

       Current liabilities
       Bank overdrafts					                                                                                                  –             (3)
       Trade, other payables and provisions			                                                                             (42)           (39)
       Current debt					                                                                                                   (29)            (1)
       Total current liabilities			                                                                                        (71)           (43)
       Term liabilities
       Term debt						                                                                                                     (35)            (74)
       Deferred rent liability					                                                                                          (3)             –
       Total term liabilities				                                                                                          (38)           (74)
       Total liabilities					                                                                                             (109)          (117)
       Net Assets					                                                                                                    180             206

       Equity
       Share capital					                                                                                                 188             188
       Reserves						                                                                                                     (48)            (31)
       Equity attributable to Rubicon shareholders		                                                                      140             157
       Equity attributable to minority shareholders			                                                                     40              49
       Total Group Equity				                                                                                             180             206

      Net Asset Backing					                                                                                        US 34 cps        US 38 cps




       Stephen Kasnet				                                       Luke Moriarty		                            Mark Taylor
       Chairman					                                            Chief Executive Officer and Director		     Chief Financial Officer
       29 August 2016
 16 	Each of the above signatories certifies that these financial statements comply with generally accepted accounting standards and present
      a true and fair view of the financial affairs of the Rubicon Group.
R U B I CO N L I M I T E D A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
F o r t h e y e a r e n d e d 3 0 J u n e 2016
                                                                                                                                                17




BASIS OF PRESENTATION
The summary financial statements presented are for the year to 30 June 2016 (with the comparative period being the year ended 30
June 2015) and are those of Rubicon Limited and its subsidiaries (the Rubicon Group). They have been prepared in accordance with
New Zealand Financial Reporting Standard No 43 (Summary Financial Statements). They have been extracted from the full financial
statements that have been prepared in accordance with New Zealand Standards, which ensures compliance with International Financial
Reporting Standards. The full financial statements, signed on 29 August 2016, have been audited by KPMG and given an unqualified
opinion. The Group is a profit-orientated entity. For a complete understanding of the affairs of the Group, the full financial statements can
be found at www.rubicon-nz.com.					

The presentation currency used in the preparation of these financial statements is United States dollars (US$), rounded to the nearest
million dollars. 								

1	
  N ON-GAAP MEASURES						
	Rubicon uses EBITDA when discussing financial performance. This is a non-GAAP financial measure and is not recognised within IFRS.
  As it is not uniformly defined or utilised this measure may not be comparable with similarly titled measures used by other companies.
  Non-GAAP financial measures should not be viewed in isolation nor considered as a substitute for measures reported in accordance with
  GAAP. Management believes that EBITDA provides useful information, as it is used internally to evaluate performance, and it is also a
  measure that equity analysts focus on for comparative company performance purposes, as the measure removes distortions caused
  by differences in asset age, depreciation policies and debt:equity structures. The following tables reconcile Net Earnings to operating
  earnings before financing expense and to EBITDA for Tenon and the total Rubicon Group.

   						                                                                                                        Year ended     Year ended
    					                                                                                                         June 2016      June 2015
   						                                                                                                             US$m           US$m
      Tenon
      Net Earnings									                                                                                              (21)            6
      		 plus Tax expense									                                                                                         4             –
      		 plus Financing expense						                                                                                      3             4
      Operating earnings before financing expense		                                                                      (14)           10
      		 plus Depreciation and amortisations		                                                                             3             3
      EBITDA									                                                                                                    (11)           13
      		 plus Impairment, strategic review costs and other expenses 1		                                                  37              –
      Underlying EBITDA									                                                                                         26             13


    Total Rubicon Group
      Net Earnings 									                                                                                             (24)            3
      		 plus Tax expense									                                                                                         4             –
      		 plus Financing expense						                                                                                      5             5
      Operating earnings before financing expense		                                                                      (15)            8
      		 plus Depreciation and amortisations		                                                                             3             3
      EBITDA									                                                                                                    (12)           11
      		 plus Impairment, strategic review costs and other expenses 1		                                                  37              –
      Underlying EBITDA									                                                                                         25             11

      1 Comprises Tenon’s impairment costs of $33 million, strategic review costs of $3 million, and warehouse consolidation of $1 million
      		 (refer to note 2 subsequent events for more details).			
      R U B I CO N L I M I T E D A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S

18    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      F o r t h e y e a r e n d e d 3 0 J u n e 2016




      2 	S UBSEQUENT EVENTS						
        Tenon dividend announcement					
      	On 29 August 2016 Tenon announced a dividend of NZ 6.50 cents per share had been approved by the Tenon board, to be paid on
        16 September 2016. Rubicon will receive NZ$2.5 million as its share of the dividend. In accordance with NZ IFRS this dividend has not
        been reflected in these accounts.					

        Tenon strategic review and agreement to sell North American assets		
      	As at 30 June 2016 Tenon’s board and management were evaluating the results of the strategic review and had not decided on the
        sale option, therefore the requirements of NZ IFRS 5 - Non-current assets held for sale and discontinued operations - were not met. On
        29 August 2016 Tenon announced it had signed an agreement to sell its North American operations to Blue Wolf (a US private equity
        fund operating in the forestry and wood products markets) for $110 million. The agreement to sell was the outcome of the strategic
        review process announced by Tenon in August 2015. The sale is subject to Tenon shareholder approval, which will be sought at a
        special shareholders meeting in November 2016. If shareholders approval is obtained, the settlement date will be 30 November 2016.
        As at 30 June 2016, Tenon’s North American assets being disposed of were valued at the estimated agreement price less costs to
        sell, resulting in an impairment loss of $31 million. Tenon does not believe any further material gain or loss will arise on completion.
        Approval of the Blue Wolf offer will result in the repayment of all of Tenon’s debt held under their current credit facility, and the
        payment of a large pro-rata capital return to Tenon’s shareholders. Tenon’s operating assets remaining after the sale will be its large
        Clearwood manufacturing and sale operations in New Zealand, which had gross revenue of $89 million (including Australia) in the
        12 months ending 30 June 2016, and these operations are subject of the on-going strategic review.				

        Australian impairment
      	On 24 August 2016, the Woolworths Group announced that all the Masters Home Improvement stores will be closed. As at 30 June
        2016, Tenon had impaired its Australian operations, and taken a $2 million charge to earnings to align the carrying value of the
        Australian assets to estimated net realisable value.					

      SUBSTANTIAL SECURITY HOLDERS
      According to notices given to the Company under the Securities Markets Act 1988, as at 15 September 2016 the following
      were substantial security holders in the Company. In terms of the Act, the number of shares and percentages shown below are as
      last advised to Rubicon by the substantial security holder and may not be their current holding.




 18
R U B I CO N L I M I T E D A N D S U B S I D I A R I E S

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
F o r t h e y e a r e n d e d 3 0 J u n e 2016
                                                                                                                                                        19




Substantial security holder			                                        Number of           % of issued 		Date of notice
								                                                         voting securities   Rubicon securities
   David Knott (a) 				                                             113,036,402                 27.634        13 June 20141
   Third Avenue Management LLC                                       50,421,282                 12.326        12 May 20161
   Perry Corporation / Richard Perry                                 39,337,307                 10.360        1 November 2013 2
   Sandell Asset Management Corp.(b)                                 36,146,385                  8.836         8 July 2015 1
   JP Morgan Clearing Corp (c)                                       29,338,903                  7.172        19 July 20161
   Libra Fund (Luxembourg) S.a.r.l. (3) / Ranjan Tandon              29,331,403                  7.171        10 February 20141

The following substantial security holder notices have been received (which are included in the substantial security holder notices disclosed above):
  (a) M
       r Knott has disclosed he holds a relevant interest in Rubicon shares held by:						
     Dorset Management Corporation                                103,050,612               25.193    13 June 20141
     Knott Partners L.P. 			
                          (i)
                                                                   82,511,226               20.171    13 June 20141
   		 (i) 	Dorset Management Corporation has entered into an investment management agreement with Knott Partners, L.P. pursuant to
          which Dorset Management Corporation has discretion over the acquisition, disposition and voting of the securities held by Knott
          Partners L.P. David Knott is the sole shareholder, Director and President of Dorset Management Corporation.				
          				
   (b) Castlerigg Master Ltd has disclosed it has a beneficial interest in the following shares for which Sandell Asset Management Corp. has
        the power to control the disposition of and voting for:       36,146,385                 8.836		 		8 July 20151

   (c)	In their substantial security notice JP Morgan Clearing Corp stated that the nature of their relevant interest was as a “Prime broker
         with a conditional power to acquire or dispose of shares under the terms of a Prime Brokerage Agreement”.
   							
   The total number of issued voting securities at 15 September 2016 was 409,051,378. All of the references to voting securities in this
   section are to the Company’s ordinary shares.							
   							
   1 Shares on issue at date substantial security holder notice was received was 409,051,378.						
   2 Shares on issue at date substantial security holder notice was received was 379,719,975.									
20    Board of Directors


      STEPHEN KASNET                                                           BILL HASLER
      Director and Chairman                                                    Director
      BA University of Pennsylvania (Philadelphia)                             MBA Harvard; BA Pomona College (California), CPA


      Steve is CEO of Calypso Management LLC, Trustee of Governors             Bill is former Vice Chairman and Board Director of KPMG Peat
      Academy, President of Ocean Manchester Corporation and                   Marwick, a position he held from 1984–1991 after being
      a Director of Tenon Limited, First Ipswich Bank, Two Harbors             responsible for KPMG’s western US operations from 1984–1986,
      Investment Corp and Silver Bay Realty Trust Corp.                        and subsequently heading their worldwide management consulting
                                                                               practice from 1986–1991.
      He is a former President and CEO of Raymond Property Company
                                                                               Upon leaving KPMG, Bill became Dean and Departmental Chair
      and Dartmouth Street Capital, which are real estate companies
                                                                               of the Haas School of Business at the University of California in
      engaged in the acquisition, development, renovation, ownership
                                                                               Berkeley. He held this position from 1991–1998, and continues
      and management of residential and commercial real estate in the          today as Dean Emeritus.
      Boston area. Prior to this he was President and CEO of Harbor
      Global Company Limited, which maintained the largest real estate         In addition, Bill is a Director of Globalstar Inc, Inside Track Inc, Aviat
      investment fund in Russia and owned and managed one of Russia’s          Networks, Ataraxis, ETwater and the Haas School of Business at UC
                                                                               Berkeley. He is also a consultant to, and investor in several private
      leading asset management and mutual fund complexes.
                                                                               technology companies.




      HUGH FLETCHER                                                            GEORGE KARAPLIS
      Director                                                                 Director
      MBA Stanford University; MCom (Hons) and BSc University of Auckland      BEng and MBA McGill University


      Hugh is Chairman of IAG (New Zealand) Holdings Limited and               George has over 35 years’ experience building and growing
      IAG (New Zealand) Limited, and a Director of Vector Limited and          shareholder value and has a proven track record in high growth
      Insurance Australia Group Limited.                                       companies.

      He is also a Trustee of The University of Auckland Foundation,           He is a Director of Tenon Limited, and he has previously led France
      the Dilworth Trust, the Fletcher Trust and The New Zealand               Telecom’s Global One business in Greece as Managing Director and
      Portrait Gallery, and a member of the Asia Pacific Committee of          was Deputy Chairman of Netia, a Polish integrated telecom services
                                                                               and media solutions’ company. He also acted as Chief Financial
      the Trilateral Commission, the Advisory Committee of the Knox
                                                                               Officer and General Manager of International Investments for the
      Investment Partners Fund IV and the Advisory Board of Gravida
                                                                               Hellenic Telecommunications Organisation.
      National Centre for Growth and Development.
                                                                               Prior to that George held a number of management positions in
      Hugh has broad pastoral farming interests. His executive experience      Canada and Europe. He has relevant experience in the forestry and
      includes six years as Managing Director and Chief Operating Officer of   wood products industry including with Domtar, a Canadian Paper
      Fletcher Challenge Limited, before he became CEO from 1987–1997.         and Forest Product producer.




 20
                                                                             Investor Information                                                21




DAVID KNOTT                                                                  INVESTOR ENQUIRIES/REGISTERED OFFICE
Director                                                                     Level 1, 136 Customs Street West, Auckland
BA University of Pennsylvania; MBA Wharton School of the                     PO Box 68 249, Newton,
University of Pennsylvania                                                   Auckland 1145, New Zealand
                                                                             Telephone: 64 9 356 9800
David is the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Investment Manager and
                                                                             Facsimile: 64 9 356 9801
Managing Partner of Knott Partners who, with associated entities,
                                                                             Email:      information@rubicon-nz.com
is Rubicon’s largest shareholder.
                                                                             Website: www.rubicon-nz.com
He has served as Chief Investment Manager of Knott Partners since
1987, and prior to this he was a General Partner and analyst at              STOCK EXCHANGE LISTING
Mandrakos Associates.                                                        The Company’s shares (RBC) are listed on the NZSX.

David currently serves on the board of Directors of Paramount
                                                                             SHAREHOLDER ENQUIRIES
Resources, Boy’s and Girl’s Harbor, Say Yes to Education, and the
                                                                             Shareholders with enquiries about share transactions or
Undergraduate Financial Aid at the University of Pennsylvania.
                                                                             changes of address should contact the Share Registrar:
                                                                             Computershare Investor Services Limited
                                                                             Level 2, 159 Hurstmere Road
                                                                             Takapuna, Auckland
                                                                             Private Bag 92 119,
                                                                             Auckland 1142, New Zealand
LUKE MORIARTY
                                                                             Telephone: 64 9 488 8777
Chief Executive Officer and Director
                                                                             Facsimile: 64 9 488 8787
MS Stanford University; LLB (Hons) and BCA Victoria University
                                                                             Email:       enquiry@computershare.co.nz

Luke has a strong background in business and commercial transactions,
                                                                             ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATIONS
both in New Zealand and North America. His financial experience
                                                                             You can elect to receive your shareholder communications
has included extensive international business valuation, acquisition,
                                                                             electronically.
divestment and joint venture analysis and negotiation, and structuring
and execution in multi-billion dollar transactions – ranging from minority   To register, visit www.investorcentre.com/nz. To initially access
buyouts to trade sales and IPOs.                                             this website, you will need your CSN or Holder Number and
                                                                             FIN. You will be guided through a series of steps to register
He joined the Fletcher Challenge Executive Office in 1999, and in 2000
                                                                             your account, including setting up a new user ID and password
was instrumental in the structuring of the financial separation of the
                                                                             for on-going use of the website.
Fletcher Challenge Group, including the establishment of Tenon (then
Fletcher Challenge Forests) and the formation of Rubicon in 2001.            Once logged in, click on “My Profile”. In the Communication
                                                                             preferences panel, click “update”.
Luke is a Director and the CEO of Rubicon, the Chairman of Tenon
Limited, and a Director of ArborGen Inc. He was previously (2012 –           Alternatively send your name, address and CSN or holder
2015) a Monetary Policy Advisor to the Governor of the Reserve Bank          number to ecomms@computershare.co.nz advising you wish
of New Zealand.                                                              to receive your Rubicon shareholder communications by email.
