                           Skyworth Group Limited
                                                    (formerly known as SKYWORTH DIGITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 創維數碼控股有限公司 )
                                                                                    (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
                                                                                                          Stock Code : 00751.HK




                                                                                                      Annual Report

                                                                                                          2019




Skyworth Group Limited
Stock Code : 00751.HK




                           Annual Report 2019
1601-04 Westlands Centre
20 Westlands Road
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

Tel: (852) 2856 3138
Fax: (852) 2856 3590

www.skyworth.com
      CONTENTS
2     Financial Highlights
3     Chairman’s Statement
8     Simplified Corporate Structure
9     Management Discussion and Analysis
25    Directors and Senior Management Profiles
33    Directors’ Report
49    Corporate Governance Report
68    Independent Auditor’s Report
75    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
      Other Comprehensive Income
77    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
79    Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
81    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
83    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
224   Financial Summary
225   Financial Review
226   Investor Relations
227   Corporate Information




             Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited   1
    Financial Highlights



    Amount expressed in RMB million (except for Share data and items specifically stated)

                                                                                                  For the
                                                                            For the          nine months
                                                                        year ended                 ended
                                                                       31 December           31 December
                                                                              2019                  2018        Change
        OPERATING RESULTS
        Revenue                                                               37,277                 30,192     +23.5%
        EBIT                                                                   2,037                    973    +109.4%
        EBITDA                                                                 2,907                  1,514     +92.0%
        Net Profit for the year/period                                         1,031                    553     +86.4%
        Profit attributable to owners of the Company                             747                    420     +77.9%
        FINANCIAL POSITION
        Net cash from (used in) operating activities                             898                 (2,477)   +136.3%
        Cash position*                                                         6,102                  3,772     +61.8%
        Borrowings                                                             8,177                  6,324     +29.3%
        Corporate bonds (inclusive of interest)                                2,029                  2,026      +0.2%
        Convertible bonds (inclusive of interest)                                927                      –         N/A
        Equity attributable to owners of the Company                          15,992                 15,470      +3.4%
        Working capital                                                        7,388                  8,636     –14.5%
        Bills receivables                                                      4,835                  6,942     –30.4%
        Trade receivables                                                      9,430                  9,474      –0.5%
        Inventories                                                            4,909                  6,031     –18.6%
        KEY RATIOS
        Gross profit margin (%)                                                  20.1                   18.7    +1.4pp
        EBIT margin (%)                                                           5.5                    3.2    +2.3pp
        EBITDA margin (%)                                                         7.8                    5.0    +2.8pp
        Profit margin (%)                                                         2.8                    1.8    +1.0pp
        ROE (%)                                                                   4.7                    2.7    +2.0pp
        Debt to equity (%)**                                                     61.4                   48.1   +13.3pp
        Current ratio (times)                                                     1.3                    1.4    –7.1%
        Trade receivable turnover period (days)***                                150                    131   +14.5%
        Inventories turnover period (days) ***                                     72                     65   +10.8%
        DATA PER SHARE (CENTS)
        Earnings per Share – Basic (RMB)                                       24.61                  13.85     +77.7%
        Earnings per Share – Diluted (RMB)                                     24.52                  11.63    +110.8%
        Dividend per Share (HK$)                                                   –                    6.0    –100.0%
        Book value per Share (RMB)                                            592.71                 566.97      +4.5%
        SHARE INFORMATION AT FINANCIAL YEAR END
        Skyworth Group Limited
          (shares are listed in Hong Kong, stock code: 00751)
        Number of Shares in issue (million)                                     3,061                 3,061      +0.0%
        Market capitalisation (HK$)                                             6,887                 5,020     +37.2%

        Skyworth Digital Co., Limited
          (shares are listed in Shenzhen, stock code: 000810)
        Number of shares in issue (million)                                    1,058                  1,074      –1.5%
        Market capitalisation (RMB)                                           12,685                  5,971    +112.4%


    *       Cash position refers to pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash
    **      (Borrowings + corporate bonds + convertible bonds)/total equity
    ***     Calculation based on average inventories; average sum of bills receivables and trade receivables




2                                            Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
                         CHAIRMAN’S
                         STATEMENT

Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited   3
    Chairman’s Statement




    Throughout the year 2019, Skyworth Group Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries referred to as
    the “Group” or “Skyworth Group”) maintained a strong commitment to its development strategy of upgrading
    through transformation. We established the general principles of “reform, innovation and development” underlying
    our operations, guided by which the entire group worked together to promote the transformation in three key areas:
    from manufacturing to modern services, from hardware to software, and from terminal products to smart systems.
    We actively pushed for adjustments to our organisational structure, taking an important step towards reforming
    relevant mechanisms, which contributed to a steady growth in our economic benefits. In light of the overall robust
    economic activities throughout the year, we are expected to record a revenue of RMB37.27 billion, representing a year-
    on-year decrease of 4.4%; our net profit is expected to reach RMB1.031 billion, representing a year-on-year growth
    of 22.9%. Our net assets amounted to RMB18.143 billion as of the end of 2019, representing a growth of 4.5% as
    compared with the opening amount, while our gearing ratio stood at approximately 61%, demonstrating increasingly
    improved gearing structure. Each of Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd. (“Skyworth Digital”), Skyworth Electric Appliance Limited
    (“Skyworth Electric”), Shenzhen Coocaa Network Technology Company Limited* (“Shenzhen Coocaa”), Skyworth
    Group Finance Company Limited and Skyworth Group Scientific Management Co., Ltd. reported record levels of
    operating results, with net profit for the year exceeding RMB100 million.




4                                       Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                                      Chairman’s Statement



In 2019, we focused on promoting innovation-driven
development and empowering conventional products
with smart systems and technologies. We invested nearly
RMB1.9 billion in technology research throughout the
year, and undertook dozens of key research projects at
both national and provincial levels. With the successful
introduction of smart communities, smart appliances,
smart office and smart automobile electronic systems,
Skyworth Digital accelerated its transformation from a
hardware manufacturer to a smart system and technology
supplier, as well as a system integrator. In succession,
Skyworth Electric introduced a number of new products,
including its V-series smart invertor washing machines,
smart inverter refrigerators, smart automobile air conditioning systems and smart kitchen appliances. Skyworth Research
Institute of Smart System Technologies mobilised its internal research talents to carry out intensive research and
development activities, which contributed to the launch of the world’s first smart control centre (system) integrating
many advanced technologies and equipped with multiple functions (such as voice and touch control), making it a
central control system that is able to deliver smart interactions. This product led the group-wide upgrade in Skyworth
for its entire smart home appliance portfolio. Going forward, we aim to build a home-based modern industry for smart
human habitat with unique Skyworth features, creating modern living environment with greater health benefits, safety,
comfort, convenience and energy efficiency.

Skyworth Group was also committed to promoting industrial transformation and upgrading in 2019, which delivered
improved results for its core operations.

In terms of our multimedia business sector, we launched a number of new products for our premium series, including
8K+Alot+5G smart TV and 8K+OLED TV. Product value of these new products accounted for over 50% of our product
mix, while 4K TV contributed over 80% to our shipment. Our enormous 100-inch 4K TV was selected for onsite live
streaming the National Day parade held on Tiananmen Square. Shenzhen Coocaa was as ever dedicated to its principal
activities, its system now has 42.39 million users, with 28 million active users as measured on a monthly basis.

In terms of our smart systems technology business sector, Skyworth Digital made a breakthrough in the development
of its overseas operation. Our international standards for set-top box were officially released by the International
Telecommunication Union. We also successfully won the bid (or shortlisted) to become a mainstream telecommunication
operator in North America and Europe with our set-top box products, and our production bases in South Africa and
India were successfully commissioned. During the year, we recorded a revenue of RMB9.6 billion, and for the first time,
we topped the global list of players in terms of set-top box sales.

In our smart appliances business sector, Skyworth Electric took a diversified approach to development. Its OEM business
reported a rapid growth, while its annual sales of refrigerators and washing machines reached 3.5 million units with
revenue increasing by over 85%. Skyworth Electronic has now become one of the top ten manufacturers for branded
washing machines across China, making itself the second home appliances company to make it to the top ten,
following the precedent set by Shenzhen Chuangwei-RGB Electrics Co., Ltd..




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                          5
    Chairman’s Statement



    In terms of our modern services business sector, Skyworth Group has formed dedicated teams for financial services,
    macro-logistics services, supply chain operation, foreign trading, as well as park-based property management and
    construction development. We have set clear development plans for each of our business segments, and a specific
    development model for the modern services business, which showed positive momentum. Construction commenced in
    succession for our projects in Shenzhen (including bases in Shiyan and Longgang, and development tower in Qianhai),
    the air conditioner manufacturing park in Chuzhou, the smart manufacturing park in Guangzhou, Skyworth Industrial
    Park in Hohhot and Skyworth Innovation and Entrepreneurship Park in Ningbo. Meanwhile, our park projects in different
    cities such as Nanjing, Yichun, Chengdu and Suining also progressed as planned.

    In addition to focusing on business integration and restructuring, Skyworth Group also strengthened its refined
    management throughout the year 2019. We completed the acquisition of Shenzhen Shencai Logistics Co., Ltd. as
    well as the planning and implementation of specific project for the macro-logistics services operation. With a total of
    200 service centres, our logistics services have been expanded to cover 622 cities and 2,833 counties across China.
    Skyworth Digital completed its acquisition of Shenzhen Skyworth Qunxin Security Technology Co., Ltd. to promote the
    development of its smart systems and commercial display businesses, delivering an annual growth of over 50%. We also
    made further progress in our strategic collaboration with China Post Group, entered into an agreement for building the
    Sino-German Scientific Industrial Park, while exploring new growth opportunities in content operation, entrepreneurship
    & investment, kitchen appliances and professional sectors. We completed the initial reform of our marketing system:
    164 TV marketing offices participated in reforming their distribution systems, our appliances business strengthened
    standard management for over 3,700 channels and portals, while our kitchen appliances business encouraged its core
    channels to set exemplars with outstanding performance. 15 of our key research projects were accepted following
    examination and we filed a total of 1,164 patent applications. A number of our research deliveries, including the
    ultra-high definition Q series, a full screen display with touch control capacity and our ultra-high definition TV based
    on domestic-made system on chip (SOC), received first prize and second prize for technological advancement from
    provincial and municipal authorities. Skyworth Group also became a leading business at the State-level Innovation
    Centre for Ultra-high Definition Technology.

    During the past year, the Group was granted a number of awards, including “Top 100 Private Enterprises in Guangdong
    Province”, “Leading Private Enterprise in Shenzhen Municipality”, “Private Enterprise in Shenzhen with Outstanding
    Economic Contribution to the 40th Anniversary of China’s Economic Reforms”, “Top 70 Innovative Enterprises in
    Shenzhen Municipality” and “Top 100 Enterprises for Quality in Shenzhen Municipality”.

    1.   Overall environment: according to the Central Economic Work Conference, while the fundamental trend in
         China’s economy towards long-term prosperity remains unchanged, it is however, faced with increasing pressure
         of economic downturn. As the nation aims to “keep its economic growth within a reasonable range, and to
         ensure the building of a moderately prosperous society in all respects and the successful completion of its 13th
         five-year plan”, this will provide enterprises with a relatively stable environment for further development.

    2.   COVID-19 epidemic: while the COVID-19 epidemic will undoubtedly have some major impact on the
         performance of the home appliances industry this year, it is, on the other hand, a wake-up call for enterprises to
         review their operations. Firstly, in order to turn this crisis into an opportunity, we must carefully study and judge
         the likely post-epidemic changes in the development of different sectors, and take necessary actions to adapt
         to the sudden changes to the environment; secondly, we must increase our investment in research to promote
         the development of a home-based industry for smart human habitat; and thirdly, we must seize the opportunity
         created by the growing size and trend in online consumption to build an online marketing system for our entire
         product offerings.




6                                       Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
                                                                          Chairman’s Statement



3.    Development in two areas: along with the establishment of a world-class innovation platform and growth
      pole in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, Shenzhen is also accelerating its development of
      a pioneering demonstration zone. We expect to see more opportunities arising from 5G technology, ultra-high
      definition display, smart human habitat, modern services and other sectors.

4.    Domestic demand: China’s GDP per capita exceeded US$10,000 in 2019. The state government has eased
      restrictions on new policies relating to the issuance of residential permits for cities with a population of less than 3
      million, with a view to driving vertical development in urbanisation. As a result, tier-1 cities will see rising demands
      for high-end products, while the market at township level and in rural areas will keep growing.

5.    Globalization: as the home appliances industry enters a new stage where players have to compete for existing
      customers amidst differentiating needs and accelerated innovation, many will face a bottleneck in improving
      economies of scale. According to expert forecasts, the next decade will be a golden age when many of China’s
      leading home appliances enterprises will become world-class players. In order to embrace the opportunities in
      consumption presented by emerging countries, home appliances enterprises must accelerate brand upgrading,
      management enhancement, mergers, acquisitions and restructuring and global development, while advancing the
      implementation of their growth strategies to tackle competition in the coming decade.

Looking ahead to 2020, the most urgent task for Skyworth is to unite its employees at all levels, free their minds
to shape appropriate approaches, think outside the box and incorporate innovation into its development model.
Meanwhile, we aim to further integrate 5G technology and 8K ultra-high definition display with our products under
the conventional home appliances category. By promoting the extensive development through investment, mergers and
acquisitions as well as restructuring; driving professional development in upstream and downstream markets for home
appliances industry; encouraging coordinated development between production management and asset management;
as well as supporting shared-development between the sectors of manufacturing and smart human habitat, we set out
to meet our operational targets for the year and our objectives under the five-year plan.

As determined by the Board of the Group, Skyworth aims to achieve “accelerated development” in 2020. Entering into
a new year, Skyworth Group will organise its operations with the objective of reaching the revenue threshold of one
hundred billion; adhere to its underlying principles of “investment, innovation and reform”; accelerate its investment
in new products, new businesses, key projects and overseas operations; step up its efforts in product innovation,
management innovation and cultural innovation; as well as advance its reform in human resources and operational
systems. The three key strategies, namely smartisation, internationalisation and refinement will remain our top priorities.
By promoting the construction of our three key bases and the development of our four key business sectors (namely
multimedia, smart systems technology, smart appliances and modern services); enabling the development of private
communication devices and information security business; promoting the transformation in three key areas (namely
from manufacturing to modern services, from hardware to software, and from terminal products to smart systems), we
aim to deepen our efforts in fully reforming our systems and mechanisms, enhance adjustments to our organisational
structure, thus bringing Skyworth to a new stage of development.

Yours sincerely,




Lai Weide
Chairman of the Board
5 April 2020




                                      Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                              7
    Simplified Corporate Structure



                                                               Skyworth Group
                                                                   Limited


                                                                           100%

                                                                     Skyworth
                                                                  Holdings Limited



                                              100%                                                                       100%

                                  Skyworth Investment                                                         Skyworth Enterprises
                                   (Holdings) Limited                                                              Limited


                       100%                                             100%                                             71.25%

           Skyworth Overseas                                   Skyworth TV                                    Skyworth Electronic
          Development Limited                                 Holdings Limited                                 Appliance Limited


                                                          100%*                         100%*                            80%

                                 57.80%*                                                                20%
                創維數字股份                       深圳創維-RGB電子                                                        南京創維家用電器
                                                                              創維集團有限公司
                 有限公司**                        有限公司                                                              有限公司


                       100%                               56.79%       100%*

               深圳創維數字技術                      深圳市酷開網絡科技                           創維集團財務
    49%
                 有限公司                          有限公司                               有限公司



                       51%                                             100%

                創維液晶器件                                                        深圳創維空調科技
               （深圳）有限公司                                                         有限公司


                                                                       100%
                 Incorporated in Bermuda
                 Incorporated in Samoa                                      深圳市創維建設發展
                                                                               有限公司
                 Incorporated in British Virgin Islands
                 Incorporated in Hong Kong
                                                                       100%*
                 Established in the PRC
                                                                                創維半導體
                                                                              （深圳）有限公司
          As at 31 December 2019


          *      Effective Interest of Skyworth Group Limited (the “Company”)
          **     Shares are listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 000810.
                 The effective interest held by the Company included 0.83% equity interest held under
                 treasury shares of a subsidiary of the Company.




8                                       Skyworth Group Limited           Annual Report 2019
                         MANAGEMENT
                         DISCUSSION
                         AND ANALYSIS
Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited   9
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     BUSINESS PERFORMANCE REVIEW
     The Group resolved on 4 July 2018 to change the financial year end date of the Company from 31 March to 31
     December. As this is the first full 12-month financial year after the change, reporting period of the financial statements
     presented therefore covers the twelve months from 1 January to 31 December 2019 (the “Reporting Year”), while
     relevant comparative figures cover the nine months from 1 April to 31 December 2018 (the “Previous Period”).

     To facilitate a better understanding of the Group’s operating results in the new financial year, the Group also presents,
     on a voluntary basis, the unaudited financial results for the Reporting Year and the twelve months from 1 January to 31
     December 2018 (the “Same Period of Previous Year”) for comparison.

     The audited and unaudited financial results for the twelve months from 1 January to 31 December 2019 and 2018,
     respectively, are as follows:

                                                                                                               1 January to
                                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                                      2019
                                                                         1 January to        1 January to                vs
                                                                        31 December         31 December        1 January to
                                                                                2019                2018      31 December
                                                                            (Audited)         (Unaudited)             2018
                                                                                                                  Increase/
                                                                         RMB million         RMB million         (decrease)
      Revenue                                                                  37,277             38,978              (4.4%)
      Gross profit                                                              7,502              7,194               4.3%
      Gross profit margin                                                      20.1%              18.5%              1.6p.p.
      Selling and distribution expenses                                        (3,757)            (3,689)              1.8%
      General and administrative expenses                                      (1,014)            (1,076)             (5.8%)
      Research and development expenses                                        (1,843)            (1,688)              9.2%
      Profit before taxation                                                    1,553              1,033             50.3%
      Income tax expense                                                         (522)              (194)           169.1%
      Profit for the year                                                       1,031                839             22.9%


     Revenue

     For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s overall revenue amounted to RMB37,277 million
     (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB30,192 million), representing a decrease of RMB1,701 million or 4.4%
     compared with RMB38,978 million recorded in the Same Period of Previous Year.

     As the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) enters a new economic cycle, the TV industry now operates in a stage
     where players compete for existing customers, while facing a sequential lack of momentum for economies of scale.
     In view of the increasingly fierce competition among brands, Skyworth has adhered to its development philosophy of
     being a “technological leader” and developing “health-focused technologies”, remaining focused on the improvement
     of consumer experience and product competitiveness. Throughout 2019, Skyworth Group consistently implemented
     its “1334 strategy” for business development, managing to complete transformation in three key areas: namely from
     manufacturing to modern services, from hardware to software, and from terminal products to smart systems. Skyworth
     Group also promoted adjustments to its organisational structure, which contributed to a balanced growth in overall
     revenue and a steady improvement in group-wide efficiency.




10                                        Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



For its smart TV systems business, Skyworth leveraged on its advantages as an early mover to accelerate the penetration
of its OLED TV products. Despite declining revenue recorded amidst negative growth in overall market sales, the
smart TV systems business was able to further strengthen and increase its market share through the introduction of
products offering greater value. Meanwhile, not only did the Group record fast growth in revenue from internet value-
added services of Coocaa system during the year, it also delivered significant growths in its smart systems technology
business and smart appliances businesses. As a result, the Group’s overall revenue remained stable on a year-on-
year basis, declining by a mild 4.4% from the Same Period of Pervious Year to RMB37,277 million. Notwithstanding a
shrinking market size for the industry, the Group still managed to strengthen its integrated management covering R&D,
production and sales, which in turn, led to enhanced overall operating efficiency and improved product profitability. For
the Reporting Year, the Group’s gross profit margin grew by 1.6 percentage points from the Same Period of Previous
Year to 20.1%.

(a)   Business Review by Geographical Segment
      The Group’s operations have been expanded worldwide, including mainland China and other regions in Asia,
      Africa, Europe and America, with mainland China being the primary market.

      Mainland China Market
      For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, revenue from the mainland China market amounted to
      approximately RMB26,006 million (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB22,279 million), representing
      a decrease of RMB2,230 million or 7.9% compared with RMB28,236 million recorded in the Same Period of
      Previous Year.

      During the Reporting Year, the Group’s multimedia business, smart systems technology business and smart
      appliances business each accounted for 59.2% (from 1 January to 31 December 2018: 59.2%), 21.9% (from 1
      January to 31 December 2018: 20.3%) and 11.8% (from 1 January to 31 December 2018: 9.9%) of its revenue
      from the mainland China market, while Modern Services business and other operations attributed the remaining
      7.1% (from 1 January to 31 December 2018: 10.6%).

      Overseas Markets
      For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, revenue from overseas markets amounted to RMB11,271
      million (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB7,913 million), equivalent to 30.2% of the Group’s overall
      revenue, representing an increase of RMB529 million or 4.9% compared with RMB10,742 million recorded in
      the Same Period of Previous Year. In pursuit of greater stability, the Group’s OEM operation in overseas markets
      adjusted its customer and order structure during the previous periods, which is effective. The revenue from
      overseas markets stabilised and recorded a modest increase during the Reporting Year.




                                     Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           11
     Management Discussion and Analysis



           Geographical distribution of revenue in overseas markets
           The Group’s main overseas markets are Asia, Middle East, Africa and Europe. The geographical distribution of the
           revenue in proportion for overseas markets is illustrated as follows:

                                                                                           Twelve months ended 31
                                                                                                  December
                                                                                                 2019              2018
                                                                                                  (%)               (%)
            Asia (excluding Middle East)                                                           54                 52
            Europe                                                                                 15                 12
            Middle East                                                                            12                 14
            Africa                                                                                 12                 13
            America                                                                                 6                  8
            Oceania                                                                                 1                  1
                                                                                                  100                100


           For revenue analysis by business sector concerning the mainland China market and overseas markets, please refer
           to the section headed “Business Review by Business Sector”.

     (b)   Business Review by Business Sector
           The Group has announced its overall strategic direction for upgrading through reformation for five years (also
           known as the “1334 Strategy”), covering four key business sectors, including: 1. Multimedia business; 2. Smart
           systems technology business; 3. Smart appliances business; and 4. Modern services business.

           1.   Multimedia Business
                The Group’s multimedia business primarily covers, among others, smart TV systems and provision of internet
                valued-added services of Coocaa System.

                For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s revenue of multimedia business recorded
                revenue of RMB21,505 million (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB18,646 million) in the
                mainland China market, representing a decrease of RMB3,290 million or 13.3% compared with RMB24,795
                million recorded in the Same Period of Previous Year.




12                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
                        Management Discussion and Analysis



For the twelve months from 1 January to 31 December 2019 and those from 1 January to 31 December
2018, the Group’s smart TV systems sales volumes by product and market are as follows:

                                                                                       January to
                                                                                   December 2019
                                                     1 January to     1 January to             vs
                                                    31 December      31 December       January to
                                                            2019             2018 December 2018
                                                                                         Increase/
                                                      Unit (‘000)      Unit (‘000)      (decrease)
 PRC Market
 Including:                                                9,031            8,804           2.6%
 – 4K smart TV systems                                     4,992            5,003          (0.2%)
 – Non-4K smart TV systems                                 4,039            3,801           6.3%


 Overseas Markets                                          6,775            6,512           4.0%


 Total smart TV systems sales volume                      15,806          15,316            3.2%


1.1   Smart TV systems products (PRC Market)
      For the twelve months ended 31 December
      2019, the Group’s smart TV systems products
      recorded revenue of RMB13,648 million in
      the mainland China market (nine months
      ended 31 December 2018: RMB12,473
      million), representing a decrease of
      RMB2,553 million or 15.8% compared with
      RMB16,201 million recorded in the Same
      Period of Previous Year.




                       Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                   13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



               During the Reporting Year, as the PRC grew more mature for deploying the next generation of
               technologies (such as 5G, AI and VR), the TV industry was preparing for new opportunities to
               be presented by another round of consumption upgrading. The Group aims to build sustainable
               competitiveness geared for future success through its long-standing commitment to improving
               consumer experience and product strengths. Through its self-developed AI-empowered image sensor
               chip – “Hummingbird” Pro, and the “Skyworth 30+” image refining technology, the Group effectively
               addressed image distortion through real-time in-depth colour compensation, allowing its smart TV
               systems products to deliver refined and more natural colours. Moreover, by using SOBiF technology to
               reduce image retention, the Group also found a solution to burn-in on OLED screens from prolonged
               use, delivering improved image quality. To seize new opportunities with smart TV systems becoming
               the control centre for smart home, the Group also worked on the interconnection among products
               from different brands and the integration of various home appliances into a single smart ecosystem
               through its two key technologies known as Swaiot and TrensAI. Meanwhile, as the first mainland-
               based manufacturer to successfully achieve mass production of OLED screens, the Company has
               developed and launched 9 new models of OLED TV featuring industry-leading technologies as of
               the date of this report, enabling the Group’s smart TV systems business to secure a leading position
               in mainland China’s OLED market. According to the statistics from All View Cloud (AVC) on OLED
               market retail volume from January to December 2019, the Group ranked first among domestic brands
               with a market share of 39.6%.

               For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, while the Group’s sales volume increased by 2.6%
               year on year, the sales volume of 4K smart TV systems, however, decreased slightly by 0.2% year
               on year. Meanwhile, the sales volume of non-4K smart TV systems also outperformed the overall
               mainland China market, delivering a year-on-year growth of 6.3%. However, as the Group adjusted
               its marketing strategies and unit rates to cope with fierce competition in the marketplace and increase
               market share, revenue recorded by its smart TV systems products in the mainland China market for
               the current year declined as compared with the Same Period of Previous Year.

         1.2   Smart TV Systems Products (Overseas Markets)
               For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s smart TV systems products recorded
               revenue of RMB5,907 million (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB5,252 million) in overseas
               markets, representing a decrease of RMB1,404 million or 19.2% compared with RMB7,311 million
               recorded in the Same Period of Previous Year.

               During the Reporting Year, overall performance of the international TV market remained sluggish
               amidst the US-China trade war and decelerated growths in key global economies. As the market
               gradually enters a new stage where players must compete for existing customers while coping with
               differentiating needs and accelerated innovation, many household appliance companies will face
               a bottleneck in improving economies of scale. In adopting relatively stable and conservative sales
               strategies, the Group cancelled projects of low profit margin in certain overseas markets as part of its
               strategic decision, focusing instead on opportunities in consumption presented by emerging countries,
               as well as the optimisation of its sales channels and structures.




14                                Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                         Management Discussion and Analysis



      Through the model of original design manufacturer (“ODM”) and the establishment of overseas sales
      offices, the Group made substantial investments in promotional and marketing campaigns, which led
      to its increased popularity and visibility in overseas markets, with ASEAN countries reporting the most
      pronounced improvement in brand image. In Indonesia and the Philippines, the Group was among the
      first to launch online e-commerce business, which contributed to its top ranking in smart TV systems
      sales for online channels; it also became a key partner for Google in developing Android TV and
      AIOT smart home businesses. In India, the Group made strategic adjustment and improvement to its
      key channels, which entailed an in-depth optimisation of its customer structure to focus on premium
      customers, including the addition of VJSALE – the largest retail chain in south India, and FILPKART –
      India’s largest e-commerce brand.

1.3   Internet value-added Services of Coocaa System
      For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, the Group recorded a significant growth of
      RMB276 million or 50.2% in revenue from the internet value-added services of Coocaa System, which
      increased to RMB826 million (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB447 million) from RMB550
      million in Same Period of Previous Year.

      As at 31 December 2019, the total activated smart terminal of Coocaa System in the PRC market was
      approximately 44.30 million, the monthly active volume of smart terminal was approximately 28.94
      million, while the average daily active volume was approximately 15.53 million. As the PRC gradually
      transits from 4G to 5G for its internet and telecommunication technologies, rapid growths will be
      observed for internet-based online content services. Our industrial deployment strategy of “hardware
      + content” is well received by internet-based enterprises: Beijing iQIYI Science & Technology Co.,
      Ltd.*（ 北京愛奇藝科技有限公司）(“iQIYI”), an affiliate of Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent”) and
      an affiliate of Baidu Holdings Limited*（ 百度控股有限公司）(“Baidu”) have all successively invested
      in Shenzhen Coocaa Network Technology Company Limited*（ 深 圳 市 酷 開 網 絡 科 技 有 限 公 司）
      (“Shenzhen Coocaa”, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company).

      As a carrier of content service platforms, not only has Coocaa promoted the innovation and operation
      of large-screen and home internet businesses, it has also assisted our long-term development in the
      industry of smart human habitat and made a leap-forward enhancement for our operating efficiency.
      With a team engaged in scaled large-screen internet operation, Shenzhen Coocaa leverages on the
      advantages of its system, including a comprehensive range of contents, a powerful platform, as
      well as highly accurate and smart artificial intelligence. With its internet-based products designed
      around user experience, outstanding process of user traffic, in-depth exploration of statistical value,
      precise advertisement delivery and management, as well as standardised encryption management
      for advertising traffic, Shenzhen Coocaa has won industry recognition and wide approval among
      customers, especially during the COVID-19 outbreak, when “otaku economy” drove an explosive
      growth in revenue from content-based operations. It is our opinion that building on technologies of
      greater sophistication and reliability, our smart home and smart city businesses will enjoy accelerated
      development through collaborative projects with internet giants.




                         Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                            15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



       2.   Smart Systems Technology Business
            Smart Systems Technology business covers,
            among others, home access systems, intelligent
            manufacturing, automotive electronic systems and
            other electronic products.

            For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019,
            revenue recorded for Smart Systems Technology
            business in the mainland China market amounted
            to RMB5,699 million (nine months ended 31
            December 2018: RMB4,388 million), representing
            a decrease of RMB32 million or 0.6% from
            RMB5,731 million recorded in the Same Period
            of Previous Year. For the twelve months ended
            31 December 2019, revenue recorded for Smart
            Systems Technology business in overseas markets amounted to RMB3,899 million (nine months ended
            31 December 2018: RMB2,185 million), representing an increase of RMB1,103 million or 39.4% from
            RMB2,796 million recorded in the Same Period of Previous Year.

            During the Reporting Year, by actively promoting the development of its principal businesses, such as home
            terminal boxes, smart access devices and general-purpose smart terminal products, the Group recorded
            broad-based growth in results across its operations with broadcast operators, the top three telecom
            operators in the PRC, as well as those in the domestic internet OTT retail market and its four main overseas
            markets around the globe. In light of the implementation of a nationwide action plan regarding the ultra-
            high-definition industry, the Group actively assisted in upgrading optical networks for broadcast operators,
            successfully secured wholesales for its 4K ultra-high-definition boxes, integrated terminals, broadband
            access equipment and gateways. In anticipation of the imminent 5G era, the Group formed strategic
            partnerships with the top three telecom operators in the PRC to accelerate the construction of its smart
            home ecosystem and build smart home portals (entertainment portal, access portal and control portal),
            which saw sales multiplying for many of its products, such as ultra-high-definition video boxes, smart
            network multipathing and IOT general-purpose smart terminals. In the domestic internet OTT retail market,
            Skyworth adopted a parallel approach in developing its own brands and cooperative brands with Tencent
            Penguin Aurora, achieving integrated sales across e-commerce platforms (such as JD.com, Tmall, Suning)
            and offline channels. Lastly, by further expanding into the traditional Pay TV market overseas, actively
            diversifying its strategic channel partnerships (such as Google and Netflix) and participating in optical fibre
            upgrades for overseas operators, not only did the Group manage to increase hardware sales for Passive
            Optical Network, WiFi router, 4G wireless router, Home Networking and Cable Modem 3.1, its overseas
            smart systems technology business also recorded an exceptional performance, topping global sales for the
            first time.

            Having proposed an advanced concept for smart home-based appliances, the Group introduced the world’s
            first smart control centre (system) integrating many advanced technologies and equipped with multiple
            functions (such as voice and touch control). This product then led a group-wide upgrade in Skyworth for its
            entire smart home appliance portfolio, the objective of which was to build a home-based modern industry
            for smart human habitat with unique Skyworth features. Going forward, the Group will provide greater
            support for research and development of the Skyworth smart human habitat system, whose technologies
            will be used to drive the smartisation of terminal products and the development of the smart human habitat
            industry.




16                                   Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
                              Management Discussion and Analysis



3.   Smart Appliances Business
     Smart appliances business covers, among others,
     smart air conditioners, smart refrigerators and
     smart washing machines.

     For the twelve months ended 31 December
     2019, revenue recorded for smart appliance
     products in the mainland China market amounted
     to RMB3,077 million (nine months ended 31
     December 2018: RMB1,707 million), representing
     an increase of RMB289 million or 10.4% compared
     with RMB2,788 million recorded in the Same
     Period of Previous Year. Revenue in overseas
     markets amounted to RMB1,218 million (nine
     months ended 31 December 2018: RMB606 million), representing an increase of RMB434 million or 55.4%
     compared with RMB784 million recorded in the Same Period of Previous Year.

     During the Reporting Year, Skyworth continued to build its capabilities for product R&D, channel-based
     operation and production scale with excellent operation management ability. By drawing lessons from those
     outside the Skyworth Group and fully unlocking its own potentials, Skyworth managed to transit from a
     factor-driven approach to efficiency-driven development, which contributed to a substantial growth in its
     business scale.

     Empowered by smart technologies, home appliances have evolved from traditionally separated devices to
     user-centric smart terminals, becoming a platform through which Skyworth can interact with consumers.
     Skyworth has adopted the core vision of “building smart home control centres” for its smart appliances
     business, which will require a comprehensive deployment of its AIOT ecosystem. In 2019, Skyworth
     launched its 21-inch smart large-screen voice-controlled refrigerator, BLDC-equipped washing machine
     series, the sixth-generation i-DD front load washing machine and a brand new platform for top load
     washing machines, all of which were well received by the market and customers. Some of our refrigerator
     and washing machine products also won several certifications and awards, including the “China Red Star
     Design Award”, “AIOT Proprietary Innovation Brand” and “A+-rated Product under the New National
     Standards”.

     Skyworth has implemented a dual-strategy of targeting the domestic market through customisation for
     key customers and promotion of online best sellers, which have been making gradual yet steady progress
     as they become new profit drivers with contribution equalling traditional offline channels. In terms of its
     international markets, Skyworth aims to enhance its focus on customer resources by prioritising the Middle
     East, European, African and Asia-Pacific markets. In 2019, its overseas business enjoyed rapid growth,
     making Skyworth one of the largest PRC-based exporters of front load washing machines. We have every
     faith that the next five years will see Skyworth maintain its momentum and progress, further expand its
     sales footprint and reach new milestones building on its brand and technologies.




                             Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                          17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



                Not only have its economic reforms driven the PRC to rapid economic development and accelerated
                urbanisation, the Chinese people are also growing increasingly keen on a modern human habit that offers
                improved health benefits, safety, comfort, convenience and energy efficiency as their incomes continue to
                rise. Meanwhile, the booming of new information technologies, such as 5G, artificial intelligence and cloud
                computing technologies are leading us to a new era that features the “interconnection of all things and
                smart interaction”, making it possible to build smart cities, smart communities and smart human habitats.
                It is our belief that the current generations will likely be welcoming an entirely new era of smart human
                habitats in the next five to ten years. As full-scenario smart functions are introduced to common households
                while smart control centres quickly replace the traditional mode for controlling home appliances, we will
                certainly start a new chapter in living experience.

          4.   Modern Services business
                Modern services business covers, among others, maintenance and repair for home appliances, macro-
                logistics services, international trades, construction development, financial lease and property operation for
                industrial parks.

                The Group’s modern services business is mostly based in the mainland China market. For the twelve
                months ended 31 December 2019, revenue recorded for modern services amounted to RMB1,852 million
                (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB2,400 million), representing a decrease of RMB717 million or
                27.9% compared with RMB2,569 million recorded in the Same Period of Previous Year.

                During the Reporting Year, the Group finalised its development plans for various business directions
                and determined the development mode for its modern services business. In order to improve operating
                efficiency and productivity while accelerating its upgrading transformation from manufacturing to modern
                services, the Group promoted the reorganisation of its business structure through its initiatives in industrial
                park development and made good use of the existing advantages to shape its modern services business.
                Focusing on its principal activities, the Group drove corporate development with enhanced efforts in
                outward expansion and resource integration. During the Reporting Year, the Group completed the merger
                and acquisition of Shencai Logistics, implemented its designated plan for macro-logistics services, which
                in turn, boosted its development in information security, logistics services, smart system and commercial
                display businesses. Meanwhile, the Group also made further progress in forming strategic cooperation with
                China Post, entered into an agreement for building the Sino-German Scientific Industrial Park and actively
                fostered new growth drivers within the modern services business. In addition to improved results from
                core operations, its transformation towards modern services also played a major part in helping the Group
                maintaining a leading position in the home appliances industry. By fully utilising the strengthens of its core
                operations, constantly incorporating innovation into its development model and accelerating new business
                integration and expansion, the Group has created favourable conditions and settings for future reform and
                development, which will provide strong support for scientific research, investment, production, procurement
                and construction across the Skyworth Group.

     Gross profit margin

     For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, the overall gross profit margin of the Group was 20.1% (nine
     months ended 31 December 2018: 18.7%), representing an increase of 1.6 percentage points in comparison to 18.5%
     recorded in the Same Period of Previous Year.




18                                       Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



During the Reporting Year, in order to ensure robust operations across the Group, we continued to refine operations
management, adopting multiple integrated methods to increase the gross profit margin of our products and reduce
group-wide operating costs. In view of the declining prices of key materials (such as display panels), not only did the
Company strengthen control on prices while adopting pricing strategies that closely aligned with market conditions,
it also changed sales policies alongside sales structures to increase the sales proportion of high-end smart TV systems
products, all in an effort to improve gross profit margin. A 3 percentage-point cut to VAT rate for domestic products
also contributed to the increase in gross profit margin. Furthermore, we independently assessed the ability of
cooperative projects in overseas markets recording low or negative gross profit to operate as a going concern, with
a view to minimising loss-making projects. While remaining committed to strengthening our market presence in the
Philippines, South Africa and Germany, we also strived for higher gross profit margin through products, sales channels
and marketing campaigns. For ODM customers, the Group also focused on internal resources, it continually improved
product competitiveness and quality of customer services, with an aim to deliver higher added values and gross profit
margin.

Relying on strong research and development capabilities, our smart systems technology products have been well
received by customers. During the Reporting Year, the Group adopted a pragmatical approach in forming and extending
closer and stronger industrial alliances. By strengthening its strategic cooperation with other sectors, the Group
optimised its product design, completed the refinement, automation and smartisation of its manufacturing processes,
and introduced stringent control for product quality. Meanwhile, in light of emerging demands and new applications,
we adopted innovative technologies to add new elements to existing products and increased the sales proportion of
products with high gross profit margin. These efforts drove a year-on-year growth in gross profit margin and revenue
recorded for smart systems technology products from the Same Period of Previous Year. As a result, smart systems
technology products made greater contribution to the Group’s growth in gross profit margin during the Reporting Year.

Expenses

For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB3,757
million (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB2,862 million), representing an increase of RMB68 million or 1.8%
compared with RMB3,689 million for the Same Period of Previous Year. The selling and distribution expenses to revenue
ratio for the twelve months ended 31 December 2019 was 10.1% (nine months ended 31 December 2018: 9.5%),
which increased by 0.6 percentage points from 9.5% recorded in the Same Period of Previous Year.

For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s general and administrative expenses amounted to
RMB1,014 million (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB833 million), representing a decrease of RMB62
million or 5.8% compared with RMB1,076 million for the Same Period of Previous Year. The general and administrative
expenses to revenue ratio for the twelve months ended 31 December 2019 was 2.7% (nine months ended 31
December 2018: 2.8%), which drop by 0.1 percentage points from 2.8% recorded in the Same Period of Previous Year.

Since the Group continued to devote enormous resources during the current year to the research and development of
premium smart products and the improvement of its corporate competitiveness, a corresponding increase was recorded
in research and development expenses. For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, the Group’s research and
development expenses amounted to RMB1,843 million (nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB1,327 million),
representing an increase of RMB155 million or 9.2% compared with RMB1,688 million for the Same Period of Previous
Year. The research and development expenses to revenue ratio for the twelve months ended 31 December 2019 was
4.9% (nine months ended 31 December 2018: 4.4%), which rose by 0.6 percentage points from 4.3% recorded in the
Same Period of Previous Year.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                          19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CASH FLOW MANAGEMENT
     The Group adopts a prudent financial policy to maintain stable financial conditions. As at 31 December 2019, net
     current assets amounted to RMB7,388 million, representing a decrease of RMB1,248 million or 14.5% when compared
     with RMB8,636 million as at 31 December 2018. As at 31 December 2019, bank balances and cash amounted to
     RMB4,806 million, representing an increase of RMB1,492 million or 45.0% when compared with RMB3,314 million as
     at 31 December 2018. As at 31 December 2019, pledged bank deposits amounted to RMB885 million, representing
     an increase of RMB762 million or 619.5% when compared with RMB123 million as at 31 December 2018. As at 31
     December 2019, restricted bank deposits amounted to RMB411 million, representing an increase of RMB76 million or
     22.7% when compared with RMB335 million as at 31 December 2018.

     The Group secured certain assets against its certain trade facilities and loans granted from various banks. As at 31
     December 2019, such secured assets included bank deposits of RMB885 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB123
     million), trade receivables of RMB19 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB25 million), bills receivables of RMB686
     million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB500 million), as well as certain prepaid lease payments on land use rights, lands
     and properties in mainland China and Hong Kong, with an aggregate net book value of RMB404 million (as at 31
     December 2018: RMB242 million).

     As at 31 December 2019, total bank loans amounted to RMB8,177 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB6,324
     million), corporate bonds (inclusive of interest) amounted to RMB2,029 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB2,026
     million) and convertible bonds (inclusive of interest) amounted to RMB927 million (as at 31 December 2018: nil). Overall
     interest-bearing liabilities of the Group were RMB11,133 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB8,350 million), equity
     attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB15,992 million (as at 31 December 2018: RMB15,470 million).
     The debt to equity ratio revealed as 61.4% (as at 31 December 2018: 48.1%).

     TREASURY POLICY
     The Group’s major investments and revenue streams are derived from mainland China. The Group’s assets and liabilities
     are mainly denominated in RMB, others are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, US dollars and Euros. The Group uses
     general trade financing to fulfil the needs in operating cash flow. In order to reduce finance costs, the Group exploits
     the currency-based and income-based financial management tools introduced by banks to offset such costs. The
     management of the Group regularly reviews changes in foreign exchange rates and its interest rate exposures, in order
     to determine the need for foreign exchange hedging. However, a number of uncertainties, such as the US-China trade
     war, the UK’s exit from the EU and interest-rate fluctuations in the US, have added to the difficulty in predicting future
     changes in exchange rates. For the twelve months ended 31 December 2019, the Group recorded a net exchange gain
     of RMB59 million (nine months ended 31 December 2018: gain of RMB67 million) associated with general operation.




20                                        Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                Management Discussion and Analysis



In addition, the Group still held the following investments during the Reporting Year:

(a) Unlisted equity securities

      As at 31 December 2019, the Group held investments in 39 unlisted companies. The total value (at fair value)
      of these investments (net of changes in fair value and costs) was RMB1,983 million, of which RMB1,396 million
      represented 10% equity interest held by the Group in a PRC investee company. This investee company is
      principally engaged in manufacture and sale of flat screen displays, display materials, LCD-related products and
      other electronic accessories.

(b) Listed equity securities

      As of 31 December 2019, the Group held investments in four listed equity securities, details of which are as
      follows:

                                                                  Value of         Value of
                                            Shareholding       investment       investment
                                         percentage as of            as of            as of            Exchange on which           Principal business of
       Listed company                   31 December 2019 31 December 2019 31 December 2018             the securities are listed   the listed company
                                                              (RMB million)          (RMB million)
       Chigo Holding Limited                      3.39%               11.5                     27.9    The Stock Exchange of       Manufacture and sale of
                                                                                                          Hong Kong Limited          air-conditioners

       Bank of Gansu Co., Ltd.                    0.99%              121.2                        –    The Stock Exchange of       Financial services
                                                                                                          Hong Kong Limited

       Ningbo Exciton Technology Co.,             0.58%               22.4                     18.2    Shenzhen Stock Exchange     Manufacture and sale of
          Limited                                                                                                                    flat screen displays

       Amlogic (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.               2.03%              381.2                      91.6   Shanghai Stock Exchange     Research, design,
                                                                                              (Note:                                  development and
                                                                                not listed in 2018)                                   manufacture of chips


      Skyworth Group will prioritise its investment in building a smart-home platform, aiming to create a new
      ecosystem for its smart human habitat business by fully leveraging on additional advantages of products and
      services from the smart systems technology business. Building on scenarios related to smart household services,
      Shenzhen Coocaa will explore the feasibility of expanding operation scale for the smart human habitat business.
      Through strategic partnerships with financial institutions, coupled with the know-how of Skyworth and Shenzhen
      Coocaa in providing customised and targeted smart-home content services, we plan to tap into the business
      sector of financial technology services, aiming to build a high-tech smart household service platform that covers
      the three key areas of home entertainment, consumer and financial services. Since Skyworth and Shenzhen
      Coocaa also proposed to improve experience for home users and enhance service capacity of their own OTT
      platforms through in-depth cooperation with financial institutions in mobile payment, Skyworth Group therefore
      made a medium to long-term investment in Bank of Gansu Co., Ltd. during the year.

      The management looks upon the other three listed equity securities as medium to long-term investments, whose
      businesses are similar to those of the Group. Our judgment on their results coincides with the whole electronic
      industry, which is one of the main business sectors being advocated by the PRC government, though returns from
      these investments might still be subject to market uncertainties. The management will take a prudent approach in
      dealing with these investments and take necessary actions to cope with market changes.




                                               Annual Report 2019             Skyworth Group Limited                                                         21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND ACQUISITIONS
     During the Reporting Year, in order to cope with the increased production scale and improved output ratio of smart
     products, the Group invested a total of approximately RMB742 million in construction projects, including the expansion
     of its production plants in Nanjing, Guangzhou and Qianhai, and approximately RMB491 million for purchasing
     machinery and other equipment for production lines and improvement of facilities in former production plants. The
     Group plans to further invest in building properties, plants, office premises and purchasing new equipment, with a view
     to further increasing productivity, improving operation efficiency for its products, as well as catering for future business
     needs in the development of smart, diversified and internationalised products.

     During the Reporting Year, a subsidiary of the Group won a bid at the auction (by tender) for the acquisition of a
     land parcel located in Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, PRC with a site area of 52,612 sq.m. at the consideration of
     approximately RMB1,224 million. The Group intends to develop the Land into a residential area for sale with high-rise
     residential building(s) together with commercial facilities.

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     There are individual patent disputes which arise in the ordinary course of business of the Group. The Group is in the
     course of processing these matters. The directors are of the view that these patent disputes will not have a material
     adverse impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     HUMAN RESOURCES CAPITAL
     As at 31 December 2019, the Group had around 36,000 employees (as at 31 December 2018: 37,000) in the PRC
     (Hong Kong and Macau inclusive) and overseas, including sales personnel situated throughout 31 branches and
     185 sales offices. The Group places high emphasis on fundamental employee benefits, appraisal systems, long-term
     and short-term incentive schemes, in an effort to motivate and recognise staff with outstanding contributions and
     performance. The Group allocates substantial resources for staff development, focusing on pre-employment and on-the-
     job trainings, providing periodical updates on the latest industrial trends, policies and guidelines to improve the quality
     of human capital. Meanwhile, the Group continues to strengthen the infrastructure of human resources, provides
     guidance on position titles, salary norms, and gradually establishes a long-term centralised mechanism for the selection,
     training and development of industry leaders. It also sets up a specified department to enhance the professionalism of
     general staff and the leadership skills of its senior management.

     The Group’s remuneration policy is determined with reference to individual performance, functions and conditions of
     human resources market.

     OUTLOOK
     The Board of Skyworth Group has specified that the aim to achieve “accelerated development” in 2020. Our three
     key strategies, namely smartisation, internationalisation and refinement will remain top priorities in the coming year.
     Under these strategies, we will promote the construction of our three key bases and the development of our four key
     business sectors (namely multimedia, smart systems technology, smart appliances and modern services); accelerate the
     development of private communication devices and information security business; and promote the transformation
     in three key areas (namely from manufacturing to modern services, from hardware to software, and from terminal
     products to smart systems). In light of the challenges we face in these new development goals and tasks, we must unite
     employees at all levels across the Group, including those in management and other positions, empower them with the
     skills necessary to complete respective tasks and ultimately achieve our goals.




22                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



In addition, we will accelerate the delivery of key investment projects and increase our investment in mergers and
acquisitions. We also intend to further invest in foreign operations, focusing on India, Southeast Asia and Africa,
where we aim to build strengths in localised channel and talent management through accelerated base construction.
In terms of the domestic market, the Group will further expand its footprint by actively securing its positions across
high-end markets in urban areas, rural markets and professional application markets, through which it sets out to
establish a centrally-managed platform for e-commerce operation while improving its marketing network system.
Through enhanced investment in emerging sectors and businesses, the Group aims to advance its operations in,
among others, information security, dedicated screen display, solar and smart lighting, macro-logistics, TV-based
content operation and smart human habitat. Meanwhile, the Group will strengthen its efforts in promoting structural
adjustments for products, assets, debts, talents and distribution. Serving as the means by which the Group promotes
innovation-driven development, these 5 key structural adjustments will be delivered through technology innovation,
merger and reorganisation, centralised management of financing, strengthened development for executive team
and comprehensive performance assessment, respectively. In addition to reinforcing system reforms for management
personnel, human resources, distribution, as well as marketing, supply chain and construction management, we will also
continue to enhance our governance structure, highlight science-based decision-making, strengthen authority control
and implement supervision mechanisms, with a view to boosting sustainable development across the Group through
augmented organisation, integration and coordination in our operations.

While the new era has announced its arrival with new challenges, we remain confident about our vision and
commitments. We are faithful to the principles of focusing on business development, encouraging young talents to
assume management positions and sharing business accomplishments among group members, for they will lead us to
satisfactory investment, innovation and reform outcomes. With our eyes set on quality-driven development, we aim to
offer the public greater happiness with premium products and reliable services. In pursuit of our 2020 annual targets
and the revenue threshold of RMB100 billion, the Group will take on future challenges with confidence and diligence,
all the while making the best of its investment, innovation and reform efforts to drive business development.

EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
The outbreak of COVID-19 in the mainland China and the subsequent quarantine measures imposed by the mainland
Chinese government as well as the travel restrictions imposed by other countries in early 2020 have had a negative
impact on the operations of the Group, as most of the Group’s operations are located in various cities in mainland
China. The Group had to stop some of its manufacturing and other business activities since January 2020 due to
mandatory government quarantine measures in an effort to contain the spread of the epidemic.

The Group had resumed its manufacturing and other business activities gradually since February and March 2020. Up to
the date of this report, the manufacturing and other business activities of the Group are fully resumed and operating at
normal capacity level. As the quarantine measures imposed by the China government effectively controlled the spread
of COVID-19 in China, the director of the Company expect the economic activities in China will bounce back in the
coming future.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     As the operations of most of the Group’s customers, suppliers, associates, joint ventures and investees are located in
     mainland China, the outbreak of the COVID-19 is expected to have a negative impact on these entities. Due to the
     potential negative impact on the debtors, prepayments and advances to suppliers, the Group will perform impairment
     review and ECL assessments to review the recoverability of such balances. Moreover, the Group will review the
     recoverability of the Group’s inventories and stock of properties which may be negatively affected by the outbreak of
     COVID-19.

     As the situation remains fluid as at the date of this report, the directors of the Company are in progress to assess
     the financial effects of the COVID-19 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements. Nevertheless, the COVID-19
     outbreak is expected to affect the consolidated results of the Group for the year ending 31 December 2020.




24                                       Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
                     DIRECTORS AND
                     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                     PROFILES
Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited   25
     Directors and Senior Management Profiles



     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                   Mr. Lai Weide, aged 61, is the Chairman of the Board and Executive Director. Mr. Lai is
                                   also the chairman of Skyworth Digital Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company and listed
                                   on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock code: 000810.SZ) (“Skyworth Digital”) and a
                                   director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is a senior accountant and holds a
                                   master’s degree in engineering from University of Electronic Science and Technology of
                                   China. Mr. Lai was appointed as the Chairman of the Board and an Executive Director on
                                   8 July 2016.

                                   Mr. Lai has served as deputy director-general and director-general of the Ministry of
                                   Machine-Building and Electronics Industry of The People’s Republic of China; deputy
                                   head and head of the Assets and Finance Department; deputy general manager of China
                                   Electronic Corporation; chairman and general manager of Nanjing Electronic Information
     Industrial Corporation; chairman of Panda Electronic Group Limited and chairman of Caihong Group Corporation,
     etc. Mr. Lai was chairman and executive director of Nanjing Panda Electronics Company Limited (stock code: 00553,
     a company listed and traded on the main board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited), chairman of Nanjing
     Huadong Electronics Information & Technology Company Limited#（ 南京華東電子信息科技股份有限公司）(stock code:
     000727, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange). He has engaged in the work of management in central
     government and state-owned enterprises for a long period and has substantial experience in government authority and
     business management.

     Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Lai does not have any relationship with any
     Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

     As at 31 December 2019, Mr. Lai has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”). Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 39 to 44 of this annual
     report.

                                   Mr. Liu Tangzhi, aged 56, joined the Group in 1998. Mr. Liu is an Executive Director
                                   and a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He was appointed as the chief
                                   executive officer of the Company on 1 April 2017. Mr. Liu is the president of Skyworth
                                   Group Co., Ltd.#（ 創維集團有限公司）and director of Skyworth Digital.

                                   Mr. Liu graduated from the Zhongnan University of Economics and Law in Wuhan with
                                   a bachelor’s degree in economics, and graduated from Macao University of Science and
                                   Technology with a master’s degree in business administration.

                                   Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Liu does not
                                   have any relationship with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or
                                   controlling shareholder of the Company.

     As at 31 December 2019, Mr. Liu has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
     Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 39 to 44 of this annual report.




26                                       Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                         Directors and Senior Management Profiles



                              Ms. Lin Wei Ping, aged 62, is an Executive Director, a member of each of the
                              Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee and a director of certain
                              subsidiaries of the Company. Ms. Lin was appointed as the executive chairperson of the
                              Company on 1 April 2013 and resigned on 8 July 2016.

                              Ms. Lin joined the Group in 1993. Ms. Lin was the deputy manager of purchasing
                              department and administration manager in Hong Kong and subsequently, the head of
                              human resources department of the Group, primarily responsible for material purchasing
                              from overseas market and administration and human capital management for certain
                              companies within the Group.

                               Ms. Lin graduated from South China University of Technology in the PRC with a bachelor
degree in electronic engineering. Before joining the Group, Ms. Lin had worked in the Ministry of Information Industry
in the PRC as a research engineer.

Ms. Lin is the spouse of Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen, the former Non-Executive Director and a controlling
shareholder of the Company and mother of Mr. Lin Jin, a current Executive Director. Save and except for the relationship
mentioned above, Ms. Lin does not have any relationship with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder
or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2019, Ms. Lin has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
Please refer to the details of her interests on pages 39 to 44 of this annual report.

                              Mr. Shi Chi, aged 48, is an Executive Director of the Company. He joined the Group
                              in 2000 and is a director and the president of Skyworth Digital, in which Mr. Shi holds
                              3.47% shareholding and his spouse holds 0.61% shareholding. He is also a director of
                              certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                              Mr. Shi graduated from Huazhong University of Science & Technology with a Doctorate
                              degree in Communication and Electronic System. Mr. Shi has been participating in
                              numerous national and provincial projects on technological researches, in charge of
                              designing several high-end digital television products and publishing over 20 articles
                              in various professional and science journals. He is the vice president of China Radio
                              and TV Equipment Industry Association, the president of Shenzhen Young Science and
                              Technology Talents Association and the vice president of Shenzhen Software Industry
                              Association.

Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Shi does not have any relationship with any
Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2019, Mr. Shi has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 39 to 44 of this annual report.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           27
     Directors and Senior Management Profiles



                                    Mr. Lin Jin, aged 35, is an Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Lin graduated from the
                                    University of Toronto with a bachelor degree in applied science. He is currently a director in
                                    a number of subsidiaries of the Company, including Shenzhen Coocaa Network Technology
                                    Company Limited#（深圳市酷開網絡科技有限公司）and Skyworth Digital. He is also currently
                                    a director (non-executive) of Skywell New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd.#（開沃新能源汽車有
                                    限公司）and Skysource (China) Investment Co., Ltd.#（創源天地（中國）投資有限公司）and
                                    a number of their respective subsidiaries. Prior to joining the Group in 2011, Mr. Lin worked
                                    in MediaTek Inc. as a sales manager from November 2009 to October 2011 and Realtek
                                    Semiconductor Corp. as a system development engineer from September 2007 to September
                                    2009. He has more than 10 years of work experience in companies primarily engaged in the
                                    business of designing and manufacturing electronics and electronic components.

     Mr. Lin is the son of Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen, the former Non-Executive Director and a controlling shareholder
     of the Company, and Ms. Lin Wei Ping, an Executive Director. Save and except for the relationship with the Group
     mentioned above, Mr. Lin does not have any relationship with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder
     or controlling shareholder of the Company.

     As at 31 December 2019, Mr. Lin has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
     Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 39 to 44 of this annual report.

                                    Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric, aged 48, is the company secretary of the Company and he
                                    was appointed as an Executive Director on 28 February 2020.

                                       Mr. Lam is mainly responsible for overseeing the finance functions, corporate governance
                                       matters and investor relationship of the Group. Mr. Lam joined the Group in March 1998
                                       as the finance manager, and was responsible for setting up computerised accounting
                                       system of the sales head office in Dongguan, coordinating with the auditors and preparing
                                       the monthly financial statements. In January 2001, he was transferred to Skyworth
                                       Multimedia International Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) as the
                                       financial controller, and was in charge of the finance department. From 2006 to 2007, he
                                       worked as the financial controller of Skyworth Overseas Development Limited (a wholly-
                                       owned subsidiary of the Company) and oversaw the finance department, internal control,
     financial statements and banking facilities. Mr. Lam then served as the financial controller of Skyworth TV Holdings Limited
     (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) from 2007 to 2011 and was responsible for the banking facility arrangement
     and financial reporting of the Company. He has been the financial controller of the TV business unit of the Group since
     December 2011 and the LCD business unit of the Group since December 2012. He is also a director and/or company
     secretary of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Lam graduated from Monash University in Australia with a bachelor’s
     degree of business in accounting and a bachelor’s degree of computing in information systems. Mr. Lam is a fellow
     member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants and a member of the Certified Practising Accountants
     Australia. Mr. Lam has over 20 years of working experience in corporate finance, banking and accounting.

     As at the date of this report, Mr. Lam is also an independent non-executive director of AGBA Acquisition Limited, which
     is listed on NASDAQ Stock Market in the United States of America.




28                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                         Directors and Senior Management Profiles



INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                             Mr. Li Weibin, aged 58, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the chairperson of
                             Remuneration Committee, a member of each of the Audit Committee and Nomination
                             Committee. He was first appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 10
                             March 2000.

                           Mr. Li is a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong and is the founder and senior partner of Li
                           & Partners, a firm of solicitors in Hong Kong. He graduated from the China University of
                           Political Science and Law in Beijing, the postgraduate school of the Chinese Academy of
                           Social Sciences in Beijing and the University of Hong Kong with a bachelor degree in law,
                           a master degree in law and a bachelor degree in common law, respectively. Mr. Li is also
                           admitted to practice law in the PRC, England and Wales and New York, USA. Mr. Li is a
                           China-appointed attesting officer, a visiting professor in the China University of Political
Science and Law and has worked in the legal field for over 30 years.

Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Li does not have any relationship with any
Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2019, Mr. Li has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 39 to 44 of this annual report.

                             Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry, aged 71, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the
                             chairperson of Audit Committee, a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and
                             Nomination Committee. He was first appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director
                             on 1 January 2015.

                             Mr. Cheong holds a Bachelor of Science (Mathematics) degree from Chelsea College,
                             University of London and a Master of Science (Operational Research and Management)
                             degree from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Cheong has over 40 years of
                             experience in the securities industry.

                              He is also an independent non-executive director of CK Asset Holdings Limited (formerly
                              known as Cheung Kong Property Holdings Limited), CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited
(formerly known as Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings Limited), and New World Department Store China Limited,
all being companies listed in Hong Kong. He is also an independent director of BTS Group Holdings Public Company
Limited, a company listed in Thailand, and an executive director and the deputy chairman of Worldsec Limited, a
company listed in London.

He was an independent non-executive director of TOM Group Limited from 2000 to 2019, an independent non-
executive director of Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited from 2006 to 2019, an independent non-executive
director of CNNC International Limited from 2008 to 2019, an independent non-executive director of Hutchison
Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited from 2009 to 2019.

Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Cheong does not have any relationship with
any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2019, Mr. Cheong does not have interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                          29
     Directors and Senior Management Profiles



                                   Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement, aged 64, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the
                                   chairperson of Nomination Committee, a member of each of the Audit Committee and
                                   Remuneration Committee. He was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director
                                   on 18 March 2020.

                                  Mr. Hung obtained a bachelor of arts degree from the University of Huddersfield, United
                                  Kingdom in 1980. Mr. Hung had served Deloitte China for 31 years where he had
                                  assumed various leadership roles, including the managing partner of Deloitte Shenzhen
                                  office and Guangzhou office, before he took up the chairman role of Deloitte China
                                  from 2014 to 2016. He was also a member of the China management team of Deloitte
                                  China. Mr. Hung had also assumed the role of the southern audit leader and the deputy
                                  managing partner of the southern region of China (including Hong Kong, Macau,
     Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Xiamen and Changsha). He was also a board member of Deloitte Global. In June 2016, he
     retired from Deloitte China.

     Mr. Hung served as the Guangzhou Institute of Certified Public Accountants consultant from 2004 to 2014. During
     the period between 2006 and 2011, he also served as a member of the Political Consultative Committee of Luohu
     District, Shenzhen. After his retirement as the chairman of Deloitte China, he was appointed as an expert consultant
     of the Ministry of Finance in the People’s Republic of China. Mr. Hung is a life member of The Institute of Chartered
     Accountants in England and Wales.

     Mr. Hung is serving as a director of each of the following listed companies whose issued shares are listed on the Stock
     Exchange:

     •    an independent non-executive director of Gome Finance Technology Company Limited (formerly known as Sino
          Credit Holdings Limited) (stock code: 628) since 31 October 2016;

     •    an independent non-executive director of Sheng Ye Capital Limited (stock code: 6069, the listing of the shares of
          which has been transferred to the Main Board from the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8469) from 24
          October 2019) since 19 June 2017;

     •    a non-executive director of High Fashion International Limited (stock code: 608) since 1 December 2017;

     •    an independent non-executive director of Zhongchang International Holdings Group Limited (formerly known as
          Henry Group Holdings Limited) (stock code: 859) since 12 January 2018;

     •    an independent non-executive director of Aoyuan Healthy Life Group Company Limited (stock code: 3662) since
          22 February 2019;

     •    an independent non-executive director of China East Education Holdings Limited (stock code: 667) since 12 June
          2019;

     •    an independent non-executive director of Huarong International Financial Holdings Limited (stock code: 993) since
          13 December 2019; and

     •    an independent non-executive director of Tibet Water Resources Ltd. (stock code: 1115) since 31 December 2019.




30                                       Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                        Directors and Senior Management Profiles



Mr. Hung was an independent non-executive director of Lerthai Group Limited (formerly known as LT Commercial
Real Estate Limited) (stock code: 112) from 24 February 2017 to 3 March 2017 and a non-executive director of the
said company from 3 March 2017 to 30 June 2017. He was re-designated as an independent non-executive director
of the said company on 30 June 2017 and subsequently resigned with effect from 30 September 2018. He was also
an independent non-executive director of SMI Holdings Group Limited (stock code: 198) from 16 January 2017 to 15
March 2017 and re-designated as a non-executive director of the said company on 15 March 2017. He subsequently
resigned with effect from 28 February 2019.

Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Hung does not have any relationship with
any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2019, Mr. Hung does not have interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                             Mr. Huang Mingyan, aged 57, joined the Group as vice president of Skyworth Group
                             in June 2017. Mr. Huang graduated from Chongqing University with a master degree in
                             architectural economics and management. From August 1984 to July 1988, Mr. Huang
                             worked as an designer at Central Design & Research Institute under the Ministry of
                             Machinery Industry; from August 1993 to September 1999, he served as deputy head
                             of the Group Affairs Department of China National Real Estate Development Group
                             Corporation; he was general manager of the Property Department of China Electronics
                             Corporation from October 1999 to November 2002; Mr. Huang served as general
                             manager and secretary of Party Committee at China Electronic Industrial Development
                             Company from December 2002 to April 2013; and he worked as assistant general
                             manager of Caihong Group Corporation and general manager of Caihong Group
                             Industrial Co., Ltd from May 2013 to May 2017.

Save and except for the relationship with the Company as mentioned above, Mr. Huang does not have any relationship
with any director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholders of the Company.

                             Mr. Wang Zhiguo, aged 39, is the director and chief technology officer of Skyworth
                             Group, the chief executive officer of Shenzhen Coocaa Network Technology Company
                             Limited#（ 深圳市酷開網路科技有限公司）, chairman/president of Shenzhen Chuangwei-
                             RGB Electronics Co., Ltd., head of the Skyworth Research Institute of Intelligent System
                             Technologies, and also a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company.

                             Mr. Wang graduated in 2006 from Germany Dresden University of Technology with a
                             master degree in computer engineering; he joined the Group in 2009. Over these years,
                             he has successively worked as director and head of research institute, deputy general
                             manager and general manager.

                             Save and except for the relationship with the Company as mentioned above, Mr.
Wang does not have any relationship with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling
shareholders of the Company.




                                   Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                          31
     Directors and Senior Management Profiles



                                        Mr. Wu Wei, aged 53, joined the Group in May 1997. Mr. Wu is a professor-level
                                        engineer who graduated from ShanghaiTech University with a bachelor degree in radio
                                        electronics. From May 1997 to January 2005, Mr. Wu served as deputy chief engineer
                                        and chief engineer of Shenzhen Chuangwei-RGB Electronics Co., Ltd.; from January
                                        2005 to February 2009, he worked as vice president of Skyworth Multimedia (Overseas)
                                        Company Limited and general manager of its Research Centre; Mr. Wu was appointed as
                                        chief engineer of the TV business unit since February 2009, and he has been serving as
                                        chief engineer of Skyworth Group Co., Ltd. since 2017.

                                     Mr. Wu personally owns 13 authorised patents for invention and has published 8 theses
                                     on national publications. He presided and participated in the implementation of a
                                     number of China’s key national programmes, including the project of core electronic
     components, high-end general use chips and basic software products, the 863 Programme, the Key Technologies R&D
     Programme, as well as electronics funds under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology. In total, Mr. Wu has
     contributed 1 State Scientific & Technological Progress Award (First Class), 6 Guangdong Province Science & Technology
     Awards, and 8 Shenzhen Municipality Scientific & Technological Progress Awards for the Group.

     Mr. Wu is a member of the National Standardisation Technical Committee for Audio, Video & Multimedia System and
     Equipment, the deputy director of Zhongguancun Audio-Visual Industry Technology Innovation Alliance, and a member
     of China’s Expert Committee of Supplier Alliance for Smart Manufacturing Solutions. He is also head of the Guangdong
     Provincial Research Centre of Engineering Technology for Ultra-HD Display, a member of the Guangdong Provincial
     “Expert Panel for the Promotion of 4K Application & Sector Development”, director of the Guangdong Provincial
     Standardisation Technical Committee for Green Manufacturing of Electrical & Electronic Products, and secretary general
     of the Shenzhen Municipality Alliance for Industry Standards of Smart TV.

     Save and except for the relationship with the Company as mentioned above, Mr. Wu does not have any relationship
     with any director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholders of the Company.

                                        Mr. Ying Yiming, aged 44, is the financial controller of the Company.

                        Mr. Ying graduated from Hubei Normal University in the People’s Republic of China
                        majoring in Computer Accounting. He is a PRC accountant and a non-executive member
                        of The Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and has over 22 years of
                        experience in accounting and financial management. Mr. Ying joined the Group in 2000
                        and has been the director and financial controller of Skyworth Mobile Communication
                        Technology (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.#（ 創維移動通信技術（ 深圳）有限公司）, and head of
                        the Accounting Department (PRC Division) and director of the Finance and Operations
                        Management Department of Skyworth Group. Mr. Ying is currently the head of the
                        Finance and Assets Department of Skyworth Group, and director of certain subsidiaries
                        of the Company including Skyworth Digital, Skyworth Group Finance Co., Ltd.#（ 創維集
     團財務有限公司）and Skyworth Group Construction Development Co., Ltd.#（ 創維集團建設發展有限公司）.

     Save and except for the relationship with the Company as mentioned above, Mr. Ying does not have any relationship
     with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

     #
         English translation is not official and is provided for reference only




32                                             Skyworth Group Limited         Annual Report 2019
                     DIRECTORS’
                     REPORT

Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited   33
     Directors’ Report



     The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are pleased to present the annual report and the audited consolidated
     financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (hereinbelow also referred to as the
     reporting year).

     CHANGE OF COMPANY NAME
     Pursuant to a special resolution passed at the annual general meeting on 31 May 2019, the English name of the
     Company was changed from “Skyworth Digital Holdings Limited” to “Skyworth Group Limited” and adopted the
     Chinese name “創維集團有限公司” as the secondary name of the Company.

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an investment holding company. The Group is principally engaged in the manufacture and sales of
     smart TV systems, home access systems, smart white appliances, internet value-added services, property development
     and property holding. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the
     Group are set out in notes 60, 22 and 23 of the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A fair review of the business of the Group for the reporting year, including the discussion on the principal risks and
     uncertainties facing the Group, important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of the reporting
     year and an indication of the likely future developments, is set out in the “Chairman’s Statement” on pages 3 to 7 and
     “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 9 to 24 of this annual report. The above discussions form part of this
     Directors’ Report.

     Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 55 to the consolidated financial statements.

     An analysis of the Group’s performance for the reporting year using financial key performance indicators is set out
     in the “Financial Highlights” on page 2 and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 9 to 24 of this annual
     report.

     Environmental Policies and Performance

     The Group is committed to promoting long term environmental sustainability and creating sustainable value for
     stakeholders by providing safe, reliable and high-quality products and services that satisfy our customers. We strive
     to encourage higher awareness of environmental conservation at our workplace. The Group established a Corporate
     Social Responsibility Policy which defines our long-term approach to specific issues in four key aspects: Workplace,
     Environment, Operating Practices and Community, which is instrumental in enabling our business to operate in a
     sustainable manner.

     The Group strives to achieve the foregoing environmental objectives by minimising the environmental impact
     concerning our daily business operations and promoting environmental protection in the supply chain and workplace.
     We aspire to reduce pollutions, emissions and wastes, increase recycling and minimise energy consumption by
     continually improving our environmental management policies and practices and educating our employees to adopt
     environmentally responsible behaviour.

     The Group always cherishes natural resources and believes that business expansion and minimisation of the
     consumption of natural resources can co-exist. In relation to the efficient use of resources, the Group has introduced
     various energy efficiency strategies and measures including, implementation of energy-saving machines; installation of
     eco-friendly lighting system; and reduction of water and paper consumption.

     To ensure that our actions and initiatives are effective and relevant, the Board regularly reviews our environmental, social
     and governance strategy and monitor our progress in achieving such objectives.




34                                         Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
                                                                                  Directors’ Report



Compliance with Relevant Laws and Regulations

During the reporting year, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact
on the operations of the Group.

On the corporate level, the Company and all of its subsidiaries have complied with the relevant laws of their respective
place of incorporation and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Listing Rules”) and the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) where they are applicable. The Group has
adopted its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms no
less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Issuers set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”).

In relation to human resources, the Group is committed to complying with the requirements of the Personal Data
(Privacy) Ordinance, the Employment Ordinance, the Minimum Wage Ordinance and ordinances relating to disability,
gender, family status and race discrimination, as well as occupational safety of employees of the Group, so as to
safeguard the interests and well-being of its employees.

Relationship with Key Stakeholders

(a)   Employees
      The Group believes that employees are the primary force in driving its business growth and considers them to
      be the most valuable assets of a company and strives to help its employees to achieve their full potential both
      personally and professionally. We promote team spirit and offer various training programmes to help improve the
      competency, work skills, expertise and performance of employees. The training programmes also help employees
      to raise awareness on environmental issues and workplace discrimination to improve their understanding of the
      strategies and policies of the Group. The Group also organises staff-friendly activities for employees, such as
      sports activities and outings, to promote staff relationships and physical fitness.

(b)   Customers
      The Group strives to achieve corporate sustainability in providing quality products and services to our customers.
      We have established strict quality control to ensure continuous improvement of product quality by conducting
      regular market surveys to gain market insights and feedback.

(c)   Suppliers
      The Group has established a well-governed supplier selection and evaluation system. We adhere to open, fair and
      transparent criteria in selecting suppliers and carry out long-term monitoring of suppliers’ quality and conduct
      regular reviews of all suppliers to ensure they can meet the requirements, values and expectations of the Group.

(d)   Shareholders and Investors
      The Group has in place an effective corporate communication system which provides transparent, regular and
      timely public disclosures to its shareholders and investors. We believe that the accurate and timely information
      disclosure can facilitate constructive feedback and ideas that are beneficial for investor relations and future
      corporate development.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           35
     Directors’ Report



     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
     The results of the Group for the reporting year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income on pages 75 to 76 of this annual report.

     The board of Directors (the “Board”) does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31
     December 2019 (for the 9 months ended 31 December 2018: HK6.0 cents, totalling approximately RMB157 million).

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company has adopted a dividend policy, pursuant to which the Company may from time to time in general meeting
     declare dividends in any currency to be paid to the shareholders of the Company, but no dividend shall be declared in
     excess of the amount recommended by the Board. The Board may from time to time pay to the shareholders of the
     Company such interim dividends as appear to the Board to be justified by the profits of the Company.

     The proposed dividend payout as determined by the Board at the time of declaration of dividend would depend on,
     among other matters, the distributable profits, cash flow, liquidity and financial position, current and future operations,
     capital requirements and surplus of the Company, as well as dividends received from Company’s subsidiaries and
     associates. The payment of dividend is also subject to any restrictions under Bermuda laws and the Company’s bye-laws.

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the past 5 financial years is set out on page
     224 of this annual report.

     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     During the reporting year, the aggregate revenue attributable to the Group’s 5 largest customers was less than 18.2%
     of the Group’s total revenue. The aggregate purchase attributable to the Group’s 5 largest suppliers accounted for
     17.7% of the Group’s total purchase and the purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier was 7.7% of the
     total purchases.

     None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders of the Company (who to the knowledge of the Directors
     owns 5% or more of the issued shares of the Company) has any interest in any of the Group’s abovementioned 5
     largest customers or suppliers.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     During the reporting year, the Group incurred approximately RMB742 million in production plants construction at
     various locations within the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     The Group acquired additional plant and machinery at a cost of approximately RMB491 million for the expansion of
     existing production facilities and setting up of new production facilities. Details of these and other movements in
     the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the reporting year are set out in note 16 to the consolidated
     financial statements.




36                                        Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
                                                                                 Directors’ Report



CORPORATE BONDS
On 15 September 2017, the Company issued secured corporate bonds with principal value of RMB2,000 million. The
corporate bonds bear an interest at 5.36% per annum with maturity of 5 years, under which the Company has the right
to adjust the coupon rate and the bond holders have a sell-back right to the Group at the end of the third year. The
purposes for issuing corporate bonds were to adjust the debt structure and supplement the general working capital of
the Group. The corporate bonds were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange under the abbreviated bond name “17
Skyworth P1” with the code “112584” on 23 October 2017. Details of the corporate bonds are set out in note 45 to
the consolidated financial statements.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
Save for the share option scheme of the Company disclosed in the section headed “Directors’ Interests in Shares, Share
Options and Awarded Shares” below and note 48 to the consolidated financial statements, no equity-linked agreement
was entered into by the Company during the reporting year or subsisted at the end of the reporting year.

SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the reporting year are set out in note 46 to the
consolidated financial statements.

SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES
Details of movements in the share premium and reserves of the Group during the reporting year are set out in the
consolidated statement of changes in equity.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
The Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders of the Company as at 31 December 2019 amounted
to approximately RMB1,525 million (for the 9 months ended 31 December 2018: RMB1,599 million).

DONATIONS
During the reporting year, the Group made charitable donations amounting to approximately RMB1.4 million.

DIRECTORS
The Directors who were in office during the reporting year are named as below:

Executive Directors:

Mr. Lai Weide                       (Chairman of the Board)
Mr. Liu Tangzhi                     (Chief Executive Officer)
Ms. Lin Wei Ping
Mr. Shi Chi
Mr. Lin Jin
Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric            (Appointed with effect from 28 February 2020)




                                    Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                          37
     Directors’ Report



     Independent Non-Executive Directors:

     Mr. Li Weibin
     Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
     Mr. Li Ming                          (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)
     Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement             (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)

     In accordance with bye-law 86 and 87 of the Company’s bye-laws, Mr. Liu Tangzhi, Ms. Lin Wei Ping, Mr. Lam Shing
     Choi, Eric, Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry and Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement will retire and, being eligible, offer themselves
     for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all the independent non-executive Directors to
     be independent.

     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Biographical details of the Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 25 to 32 of this
     annual report.

     DIRECTORS ’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the
     Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of
     compensation, other than statutory compensation. All independent non-executive Directors have entered into letters
     of appointment with the Company for a term of three years which may be terminated by either party by giving to the
     other not less than one month’s notice in writing.

     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     The emoluments of the Directors are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee from time to time, with reference to the
     qualifications, responsibilities, experience and performance of the individual Directors, and the operating results of the
     Group. Details of the policy are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” on pages 49 to 67 of this annual report.

     RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
     Details of the retirement benefits schemes of the Group are set out in note 58 to the consolidated financial statements.




38                                        Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                                                          Directors’ Report



DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN SHARES, SHARE OPTIONS AND AWARDED SHARES
As at 31 December 2019, the interests and short positions that the Directors and the chief executive of the Company
had or were deemed to have in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
corporations (within the meaning of the SFO), which were required (i) to be notified to the Company and The Stock
Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii)
recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (iii) to be notified to the
Company and Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

(a) Long positions in shares of the Company and associated corporations

     The Company

                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                             Number of          the total
                                                                                                 issued       number of
       Name of director                       Capacity                                      shares held    issued shares
       Lai Weide                              Beneficial owner                               5,002,000            0.16%
       Lin Wei Ping                           Beneficial owner                                9,160,382           0.30%
                                              Interest of spouse     (Notes a and b)      1,238,258,799          40.45%
                                                                     (Notes a and c)      1,247,419,181          40.75%
       Liu Tangzhi                            Beneficial owner                               6,884,675            0.22%
       Shi Chi                                Beneficial owner                               5,184,825            0.17%
                                              Interest of spouse                             5,466,466            0.18%
                                                                                            10,631,291            0.35%
       Lin Jin                                Beneficial owner                               3,898,719            0.13%
       Li Weibin                              Beneficial owner                               1,000,000            0.03%


     Notes:


     (a)      37,300,000 shares of the Company are held by Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen and 1,200,958,799 shares of
              the Company are held by Target Success Group (PTC) Limited (“Target Success”) in its capacity as trustee of
              the Skysource Unit Trust in which all of the units and issued shares of Target Success are held by Mr. Wong
              Wang Sang, Stephen. As such, Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen is interested and deemed to be interested in
              1,238,258,799 shares of the Company.


     (b)      Ms. Lin Wei Ping is interested in 1,247,419,181 shares of the Company, which comprise 9,160,382 shares held by
              herself and the deemed interests in 1,238,258,799 shares held by her spouse Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen.


     (c)      Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen is interested in 1,247,419,181 shares of the Company, which comprise
              37,300,000 shares held by himself, the deemed interests in 1,200,958,799 shares held by Target Success and the
              deemed interests in 9,160,382 shares held by his spouse Ms. Lin Wei Ping.




                                        Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           39
     Directors’ Report



       Associated corporations – Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                              percentage of
                                                                                              Number of             the total
                                                                                                  issued          number of
        Name of director                           Capacity                                  shares held       issued shares
        Lai Weide                                  Beneficial owner (Note)                       750,000               0.07%
        Liu Tangzhi                                Beneficial owner (Note)                       600,000               0.06%
        Shi Chi                                    Beneficial owner                           36,770,524               3.47%
                                                   Interest of spouse                          6,507,500               0.61%
                                                                                              43,278,024               4.08%


       Note: 400,000 shares of Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd. held by Lai Weide and 400,000 shares of Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd.
             held by Liu Tangzhi are restricted shares granted under the restricted share incentive scheme of Skyworth Digital
             Co., Ltd., which is a 56.97% owned subsidiary of the Company, (the “Restricted Share Incentive Scheme”), which
             are subject to lock-up restrictions under the terms and conditions of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme. The
             restricted shares will be released from the lock-up restriction in 3 batches in accordance with the release schedule
             under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme, conditional upon the fulfillment of performance targets specified
             thereunder. Details of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme were published on the information website of the
             Shenzhen Stock Exchange (http://www.cninfo.com.cn/). During the reporting year, none of the restricted shares of
             Mr. Lai Weide and Mr. Liu Tangzhi were lapsed/cancelled.




40                                      Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
                                                                                                  Directors’ Report



(b) Share options of the Company

      (i)       Particulars of the share option schemes of the Company are set out in note 48 to the consolidated financial
                statements.

      (ii)      On 15 April 2019, 55,400,000 share options (the “Share Options”) were granted to grantees. The
                particulars of share options granted to the Directors and the movement during the reporting year were as
                follows:

      Under 2014 Share Option Scheme

                                                                                                 Number of share options
                                                                                                                      Cancelled/
                                                                             Outstanding      Granted     Exercised      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                    as at   during the   during the   during the        as at
                     Exercise                                                  1 January     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting 31 December
Date of grant           price   Vesting period        Exercisable period            2019          Year         Year         Year        2019
                         HK$
Directors:

Lai Weide
8 July 2016             6.320   8 July 2016 to        1 September 2017 to      2,500,000             –            –           –     2,500,000
                                  31 August 2017        20 August 2024

                                8 July 2016 to        1 September 2018 to      2,500,000             –            –           –     2,500,000
                                  31 August 2018        20 August 2024

                                8 July 2016 to        1 September 2019 to      2,500,000             –            –           –     2,500,000
                                  31 August 2019        20 August 2024

                                8 July 2016 to        1 September 2020 to      2,500,000             –            –           –     2,500,000
                                  31 August 2020        20 August 2024

15 April 2019           2.680   15 April 2019 to      30 September 2019 to              –    4,000,000            –           –     4,000,000
                                  29 September 2019     20 August 2024

                                15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to              –    3,000,000            –           –     3,000,000
                                  29 September 2020     20 August 2024

                                15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to              –    3,000,000            –           –     3,000,000
                                  29 September 2021     20 August 2024

Liu Tangzhi
15 April 2019           2.680   15 April 2019 to      30 September 2019 to              –    4,000,000            –           –     4,000,000
                                  29 September 2019     20 August 2024

                                15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to              –    3,000,000            –           –     3,000,000
                                  29 September 2020     20 August 2024

                                15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to              –    3,000,000            –           –     3,000,000
                                  29 September 2021     20 August 2024
(a) Sub-total (Directors)                                                     10,000,000    20,000,000            –           –    30,000,000




                                           Annual Report 2019         Skyworth Group Limited                                                    41
     Directors’ Report



     (c) Employees and/or Consultants

                                                                                                        Number of share options
                                                                                                                             Cancelled/
                                                                                    Outstanding      Granted     Exercised      Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                           as at   during the   during the   during the        as at
                        Exercise                                                      1 January     Reporting    Reporting    Reporting 31 December
     Date of grant         price      Vesting period         Exercisable period            2019          Year         Year         Year        2019
                            HK$
     Employees and/or
      Consultants:

     22 January 2016       4.226      22 January 2016 to     1 September 2016 to     14,852,000             –            –           –    14,852,000
                                        31 August 2016         20 August 2024

                                      22 January 2016 to     1 September 2017 to     17,154,000             –            –           –    17,154,000
                                        31 August 2017         20 August 2024

                                      22 January 2016 to     1 September 2018 to     25,692,000             –            –           –    25,692,000
                                        31 August 2018         20 August 2024

     9 August 2017         4.090      9 August 2017 to       1 September 2018 to        500,000             –            –           –       500,000
                                        31 August 2018         20 August 2024

                                      9 August 2017 to       1 September 2019 to        500,000             –            –           –       500,000
                                        31 August 2019         20 August 2024

                                      9 August 2017 to       1 September 2020 to        500,000             –            –           –       500,000
                                        31 August 2020         20 August 2024

                                      9 August 2017 to       1 September 2021 to        500,000             –            –           –       500,000
                                        31 August 2021         20 August 2024

     15 April 2019         2.680      15 April 2019 to       30 September 2019 to              –   14,160,000            –           –    14,160,000
                                        29 September 2019      20 August 2024

                                      15 April 2019 to       30 September 2020 to              –   10,620,000            –           –    10,620,000
                                        29 September 2020      20 August 2024

                                      15 April 2019 to       30 September 2021 to              –   10,620,000            –           –    10,620,000
                                        29 September 2021      20 August 2024
     (b) Sub-total (Employees and/or Consultants)                                    59,698,000    35,400,000            –           –    95,098,000
     Grand Total: (a) Directors + (b) Employees and/or Consultants                   69,698,000    55,400,000            –           –   125,098,000




42                                                  Skyworth Group Limited          Annual Report 2019
                                                                              Directors’ Report



(d) Awarded shares of the Company

   (i)   Share Award Scheme
         The share award scheme was approved by the Board on 24 June 2014 (the “Share Award Scheme”). The
         maximum number of shares of the Company that can be awarded or held under the Share Award Scheme
         is limited to 2% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time. The maximum number of
         shares of the Company (including vested and non-vested) which may be awarded to a selected employee
         under the Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company from time
         to time. During the reporting year, the Company did not purchase any shares of the Company from market
         through an independent trustee. As at 31 December 2019, 24,254,601 shares of the Company were held
         by the independent trustee for the purpose of the Share Award Scheme.

         Particulars of the Share Award Scheme are set out in note 49 to the consolidated financial statements.

         First batch: Awarded shares granted on 25 July 2014
         On 25 July 2014, a total of 27,836,000 shares of the Company were granted by the Board pursuant to the
         Share Award Scheme. 8,694,000, 8,442,000 and 3,753,000 awarded shares were vested on 31 August
         2015, 31 August 2016 and 31 August 2017 respectively.

         Second batch: Awarded shares granted on 20 July 2015
         On 20 July 2015, a total of 10,312,000 shares of the Company were granted by the Board pursuant to the
         Share Award Scheme, 2,978,000, 2,874,000 and 3,490,000 awarded shares were vested on 31 December
         2015, 31 December 2016 and 31 December 2017 respectively.

         Third batch: Awarded shares granted on 12 June 2018
         On 12 June 2018, a total of 10,060,000 shares of the Company were granted by the Board pursuant to the
         Share Award Scheme, 2,400,000 and 3,410,000 awarded shares were vested on 31 July 2018 and 30 April
         2019 respectively, and the remaining awarded shares will be vested on 30 April 2020.

         During the reporting year, cash dividend of HK$1,455,276.06 had been received in respect of the shares
         of the Company held upon the trust for the Share Award Scheme and shall form part of the trust fund of
         such trust. The trustee may, after having taken into consideration the advice of the Company, apply the
         cash deposited by the Company to purchase shares of the Company in the market, or apply such cash to
         defray the fees, costs and expenses in relation to the establishment and administration of the Share Award
         Scheme, or return such cash or shares to the Company.




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                         43
     Directors’ Report



       (ii)    As at 31 December 2019, certain Directors had personal interests in the awarded shares granted under the
               Company’s Share Award Scheme as follows:

                                                                                                                Number of
                                                                                                           awarded shares
                                                                                                           held/underlying
                                                                                                              shares of the
                Name of Director                         Capacity                                                Company
                Lai Weide                                Beneficial owner                                          1,000,000
                Liu Tangzhi                              Beneficial owner                                          1,000,000
                Total                                                                                              2,000,000


       (iii)   The particulars of awarded shares granted to the Directors and the movement during the reporting year
               were as follows:

                                                                          Number of award shares

                                                                                                       Cancelled/
                                                        Outstanding          Granted        Vested        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                               as at       during the   during the     during the        as at
                Directors/                                1 January         reporting    reporting      reporting 31 December
                Date of grant        Vesting date              2019              year         year           year        2019
                Lai Weide
                12 June 2018         31 July 2018                  –                –              –           –             –

                                     30 April 2019         1,000,000                –   (1,000,000)            –             –

                                     30 April 2020         1,000,000                –              –           –     1,000,000
                                                           2,000,000                –   (1,000,000)            –     1,000,000
                Liu Tangzhi
                12 June 2018         31 July 2018                  –                –              –           –             –

                                     30 April 2019         1,000,000                –   (1,000,000)            –             –

                                     30 April 2020         1,000,000                –              –           –     1,000,000
                                                           2,000,000                –   (1,000,000)            –     1,000,000
                Total                                      4,000,000                –   (2,000,000)            –     2,000,000


               Save as disclosed above and the nominee shares in certain subsidiaries held in trust for the Group, none of
               the Directors or chief executives, had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in any shares,
               underlying shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning
               of the SFO) which were required (i) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
               Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they were taken or
               deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) to be recorded in the register maintained by the
               Company under Section 352 of the SFO; or (iii) to be notified to the Company and Stock Exchange pursuant
               to the Model Code as at 31 December 2019.




44                                     Skyworth Group Limited          Annual Report 2019
                                                                                  Directors’ Report



DIRECTORS ’ RIGHTS TO SUBSCRIBE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Other than the interests in share options and awarded shares of the Company as disclosed above, and in the share
option schemes and the Share Award Scheme disclosed in note 48 and note 49 to the consolidated financial statements
respectively, at no time during the reporting year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a party to any arrangement
to enable the Directors or chief executives, or their spouses or children under the age of 18 to acquire benefits by
means of the acquisition of shares in or debenture of the Company or any other body corporate, and none of them had
any right to subscribe for the securities of the Company or its associated corporations, or had exercised any such right
during the reporting year.

DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
No transaction, arrangement or contract of significance to which the Company, its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
was a party, and in which a Director had a material interest, subsisted at the end of the reporting year or at any time
during the reporting year.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company was entered into or existed during the reporting year.

DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the reporting year, none of the executive Directors had any interest in any business, which competes or is likely
to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           45
     Directors’ Report



     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
     As at 31 December 2019, so far as is known to the Directors or the chief executive of the Company, the register of
     interests in shares and short positions maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO showed that the
     following persons had, or were deemed to have interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the
     Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2
     and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                   percentage of
                                                                                               Number of                 the total
                                                                                            issued shares              number of
       Name of shareholder                      Capacity                                             held           issued shares
       Target Success Group (PTC) Limited Trustee (Note a)                                  1,200,958,799                  39.23%
       Wong Wang Sang, Stephen                  Beneficial owner                               37,300,000                   1.22%
                                                Interest of spouse (Note b)                     9,160,382                   0.30%
                                                Interest of controlled corporation          1,200,958,799                  39.23%
                                                  (Note a)
                                                                                            1,247,419,181                  40.75%
       Lin Wei Ping                             Beneficial owner                                9,160,382                   0.30%
                                                Held by spouse (Note c)                     1,238,258,799                  40.45%
                                                                                            1,247,419,181                  40.75%


     Notes:


     (a)      1,200,958,799 shares of the Company are held by Target Success in its capacity as trustee of the Skysource Unit Trust in
              which all of the units and issued shares of Target Success are held by Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen. As such, Mr. Wong
              Wang Sang, Stephen is deemed to be interested in 1,200,958,799 shares of the Company.


     (b)      Ms. Lin Wei Ping is interested in 1,247,419,181 shares of the Company, which comprise 9,160,382 shares held by herself
              and the deemed interests in 1,238,258,799 shares held by her spouse Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen.


     (c)      Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen is interested in 1,247,419,181 shares of the Company, which comprise 37,300,000
              shares held by himself, the deemed interests in 1,200,958,799 shares held by Target Success and the deemed interests in
              9,160,382 shares held by his spouse Ms. Lin Wei Ping.

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2019, the Directors or the chief executive of the Company were not aware
     of any other interests or short positions that any person had, or were deemed to have in the shares and underlying
     shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions
     of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and are recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company under
     Section 336 of the SFO.




46                                            Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
                                                                                   Directors’ Report



CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
The following is the continuing connected transactions of the Group conducted during the year and up to the date of
this report:

On 25 April 2019, Shenzhen Chuangwei Financial Leasing Company Limited（ 深圳創維融資租賃有限公司）(“Shenzhen
Chuangwei Financial Leasing”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a sale and leaseback
agreement with Nanjing Golden Dragon Bus Co., Ltd.（ 南京金龍客車製造有限公司）(“Nanjing Golden Dragon Bus”),
pursuant to which Shenzhen Chuangwei Financial Leasing has agreed to provide sale and leaseback services in relation
to a number of production equipment and motor vehicles in favour of Nanjing Golden Dragon Bus at an initial sale
price of RMB260,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$302,879,000) commencing on the date of payment of the
initial sale price and ends on the date which is 3 years from the date of the sale and leaseback agreement. Details of the
transaction were announced by the Company on 25 April 2019.

As at the end of the reporting year, the actual leasing principal amount under the Leaseback Agreement was
RMB260,000,000. The maximum leasing principal amount under the Leaseback Agreement at any point of time during
the reporting year was RMB260,000,000.

Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen, substantial shareholder of the Company, indirectly held approximately 88% equity
interest of Nanjing Golden Dragon Bus and therefore Nanjing Golden Dragon Bus constituted an associate of a
connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the
Factoring Agreement and Leaseback Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under
Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

During the reporting year, the Company has complied with the relevant disclosure requirements in respect of its
continuing connected transactions in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The independent non-executive
Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transaction and confirmed that this transactions was entered into:
(1) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (2) on normal commercial terms; and (3) in accordance
with the terms of the respective agreement which is considered to be fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
shareholders of the Company as a whole.

Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the independent auditors of the Company, was engaged to report on the above
continuing connected transaction in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)
“Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transaction under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued
by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the
auditors have issued their unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing
connected transaction disclosed above by the Company and a copy of the auditors’ letter has been provided by the
Company to the Stock Exchange.

Save as disclosed above, a summary of related party transactions made during the reporting year is disclosed in note 59
to the consolidated financial statements.




                                     Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                            47
     Directors’ Report



     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY ’ S LISTED SECURITIES
     During the reporting year, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the
     Company’s listed securities.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws, or the laws of Bermuda, which would
     oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders of the Company.

     PUBLIC FLOAT
     On the basis of information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Directors as at
     the date of this report, the Company has complied with the public float requirement of the Listing Rules throughout the
     reporting year.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
     The Company’s bye-laws provides that the Directors, secretary and other officers of the Company shall be indemnified
     and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses,
     damages and expenses which they may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or
     about the execution of their duty in their offices, provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect
     of any fraud or dishonesty which may attach to any Directors, secretary and other officers of the Company.

     In addition, an appropriate insurance cover had been arranged by the Company in respect of legal action arising from
     the business of the Group against the Directors.

     AUDITOR
     The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the reporting year have been audited by Messrs Deloitte Touche
     Tohmatsu. A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to re-appoint
     Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditors of the Company.




     By order of the Board




     LAI Weide
     Chairman of the Board
     5 April 2020




48                                        Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                     CORPORATE
                     GOVERNANCE REPORT

Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited   49
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Company recognises the importance of a publicly listed company’s responsibilities to enhance its transparency
     and accountability, and is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance in the interests of its
     shareholders. The Company devotes to best practice on corporate governance, and to comply to the extent practicable,
     with the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
     Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

     COMPLIANCE WITH THE CG CODE
     During the financial year ended 31 December 2019 (herein below also referred as the reporting year) and up to the date
     of this report, the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the CG Code, save and except for the
     code provision A.5.5(2) and A.6.7 of the CG Code.

     Pursuant to code provision A.5.5(2) of the CG Code, where the Board proposes to elect or re-elect an independent
     non-executive Director (who will be holding their seventh (or more) directorship, the Board should explain why such
     individual would still be able to devote sufficient time to the board in the relevant shareholders’ circular. Mr. Hung Ka
     Hai, Clement was appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from 18 March 2020 after having
     confirmed fulfilment of the independent requirements set out under Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. After reviewing Mr.
     Hung’s confirmation, and that he (i) has not held any other positions in the Group; (ii) does not have any relationship
     with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company; and (iii) does
     not have any interest in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO, the Board considers
     Mr. Hung to be independent. He holds directorships in more than seven listed companies (including the Company).
     Notwithstanding this, since his appointment, Mr. Hung has attended all Board and Board committee meetings where his
     attendance was required, and has made valuable contributions to the board with his experience in the accounting field.
     On this basis, the Board believes that Mr. Hung will be able to continue to devote sufficient time to the Board.

     Also, pursuant to code provision A.6.7 of the CG Code, the independent non-executive directors and other non-
     executive directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of the
     shareholders of the Company. Two of our independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
     and Mr. Li Ming, were unable to attend the annual general meeting of the Company held on 31 May 2019 due to other
     business engagements.

     KEY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES
     Board of Directors

     The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of, and promoting the success of the Group. This is achieved by
     the setting up of corporate strategic objectives and policies, and monitoring and evaluating of the operating activities
     and financial performance of the Group.

     The Board delegates the authority and responsibility for implementing day-to-day operations, business strategies and
     management of the Group’s businesses to the executive Directors, senior management and certain responsibilities to
     the specific Board committees.

     Board Composition
     As at the date of this report, the Board consists of 9 members. Among them, 6 are executive Directors and 3 are
     independent non-executive Directors. The list of Directors are set out on page 227 of this annual report. Their
     biographical details including their respective interests in the Company and their respective relationships with other
     Directors and senior management of the Group, are set out on pages 25 to 32 of this annual report.

     Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric was appointed as executive Director with effect from 28 February 2020. Mr. Li Ming resigned
     as independent non-executive Director with effect from 18 March 2020. Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement was appointed as
     independent non-executive Director with effect from 18 March 2020.




50                                        Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                       Corporate Governance Report



Executive Directors
All of the executive Directors possess the qualification and experiences in their respective areas of responsibility. Under
the leadership of the Chairman of the Board, the Board is able to maintain the success of the Group’s business.

Independent Non-Executive Directors
Currently, the 3 independent non-executive Directors are experienced professionals with different expertise in
accounting, legal and strategic management. Their mix of skills and experience, and their independent view would
definitely provide constructive comments and suggestions to the Board, contributing to the proper functioning of the
Board and safeguarding the interests of the shareholders of the Company in general and the Company as a whole. The
Board confirms that the Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors a confirmation
of independence for the reporting year pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers such independent non-
executive Directors to be independent.

The Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
The chairman of the Board is Mr. Lai Weide and the chief executive officer of the Company is Mr. Liu Tangzhi. The
roles of the Chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company are segregated to ensure their
respective independence, accountability and responsibility. The major duties of the Chairman of the Board are to provide
leadership to the Board; to ensure the Directors receive, in a timely manner, adequate information which must be
accurate, clear, complete and reliable; to ensure the Company established good corporate practice and procedures; and
to provide appropriate briefing on the issues arising from Board meetings.

The chief executive officer of the Company is responsible for implementing decisions and strategy approved by the
Board and managing day-to-day operations of the Group with the support of the executive Directors and senior
management.

Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors
A person may be appointed as a member of the Board at any time either by the shareholders of the Company in a
general meeting or by the Board upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee. Each of the Directors has
entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of not more than 3 years. Directors who are appointed by
the Board must retire at the first annual general meeting after their appointment.

According to the bye-laws of the Company as amended from time to time and the CG Code, all Directors are subject to
retirement by rotation once every 3 years and one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their number is not a
multiple of 3, the number nearest to, but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by rotation and shall be eligible
for re-election at each annual general meeting.

Board Diversity Policy
The Company recognises the importance of board diversity to corporate governance and the board effectiveness.
The Board adopted a board diversity policy (“Policy”) which sets out the basic principles to ensure the Board has the
appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives necessary to enhance the effectiveness of the
Board and to maintain high standard of corporate governance. Under the Policy, the selection of Board candidates
shall be based on a range of diversity perspectives with reference to the Company’s business model and specific
needs, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural background, educational background, skills, knowledge and
professional experience.

In considering the new appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee had considered the Policy and with
reference to certain criteria such as integrity, independent mindedness, experience, skill and the ability to commit time
and effort to carry out his duties and responsibilities effectively, etc.




                                      Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                              51
     Corporate Governance Report



     During the reporting year, the Nomination Committee conducted an annual review of the Board’s composition taking
     into account the Policy and formed the view that the Board has maintained an appropriate mix and balance of skills,
     knowledge, experience and diversity of perspectives necessary to meet the business requirements of the Group. The
     Nomination Committee will review the Policy from time to time to ensure the effectiveness of the Policy and discuss any
     revisions that may be required, and make recommendations accordingly to the Board for consideration and approval.

     Nomination Policy
     The Board adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 27 November 2018, which sets out the selection
     criteria and nomination procedures for the appointment of Directors. A summary of the Nomination Policy is disclosed
     below:

     Selection Criteria
     The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a
     proposed candidate:

     •    Character and integrity

     •    Accomplishment and experience in the areas of Company’s business and public board experience

     •    Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest

     •    Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and educational
          background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service

     These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee has the
     discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.

     Nomination Procedures
     The Nomination Committee and the Board will take the following procedures in appointing a Director:

     1.   The Nomination Committee uses multiple sources to identify the individual(s) who are suitably qualified to
          become Board members.

     2.   The Nomination Committee reviews the qualification, skills and experience of the individual(s) and, if thought fit,
          makes recommendation to the Board.

     3.   The Board considers the individual(s) recommended by the Nomination Committee by assessing and evaluating
          his/her qualification, skills and experience and, if thought fit, to approve the appointment of individual(s) as
          Director.

     4.   According to the Company’s bye-laws, any director appointed to fill the causal vacancy or as an addition to the
          existing Board shall hold office until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and shall then be
          eligible for re-election at the meeting.

     The Nomination Committee will review the Nomination Policy from time to time to ensure the effectiveness of the
     Nomination Policy and discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommended such revisions to the Board for
     consideration and approval.




52                                       Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



Access for Supporting
The Directors may have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary with a view to ensuring that
the Board’s procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations, are followed. In addition, the Directors may, upon
reasonable request, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses.
The Board shall resolve to provide appropriate independent professional advice to the Directors to assist them on
discharging their duties and responsibilities.

Appropriate insurance cover has been arranged by the Company in respect of legal action arising from the business of
the Group against the Directors.

Continuous Professional Development
On appointment to the Board, each newly appointed Director will attend an introduction covering the general, statutory
and regulatory obligations of being a director to ensure sufficient awareness of responsibilities under the Listing Rules
and other relevant regulatory requirements. Thereafter, the Company is required to provide the Directors with regular
updates relating to the Group’s business.

All Directors have complied with the code provision in the CG Code in relation to continuous professional development.
This has involved various forms of activities including attending presentation given by external professional advisors
and reading materials relevant to the regulatory updates, Company’s business, directors’ duties and responsibilities. The
Company continues to provide the Directors with updates relating to the relevant Listing Rules and regulations, ensuring
the Directors have thorough understanding of good corporate governance.

The Directors are required to provide the Company with details of professional training undertaken by them during
the reporting year. Based on the details so provided, the professional training undertaken by the Directors during the
reporting year is summarised as follows:

                                                                                    Training Areas

                                                                                                             Group’s
                                                                                                            Business/
                                                                     Legal and         Corporate            Directors’
 Name of Director                                                   Regulatory        Governance               Duties
 Executive Directors:
 Mr. Lai Weide                                                                 ✓                  ✓                 ✓
 Mr. Liu Tangzhi                                                               ✓                  ✓                 ✓
 Ms. Lin Wei Ping                                                              ✓                  ✓                 ✓
 Mr. Shi Chi                                                                   ✓                  ✓                 ✓
 Mr. Lin Jin                                                                   ✓                  ✓                 ✓
 Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric                                                    N/A                N/A               N/A
   (Appointed with effect from 28 February 2020)

 Independent Non-Executive Directors:
 Mr. Li Weibin                                                                 ✓                  ✓                 ✓
 Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry                                                   ✓                  ✓                 ✓
 Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)                         ✓                  ✓                 ✓
 Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement                                                    N/A                N/A               N/A
   (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)




                                     Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           53
     Corporate Governance Report



     General meetings

     The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are the primary communication with its
     shareholders. All shareholders of the Company are welcomed to attend the general meetings or to appoint proxies
     to attend and vote at meetings on their behalf. Other than shareholders’ participation, independent non-executive
     Directors should attend general meetings and develop a better understanding of the views of shareholders. During the
     reporting year, other than annual general meeting, no special general meeting was held by the Company.

     The attendance record of the general meetings during the reporting year:

                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                               meetings       Attendance
      Name of Director                                                                    attended/held             rate
      Executive Directors:
      Mr. Lai Weide                                                                                 1/1             100%
      Mr. Liu Tangzhi                                                                               1/1             100%
      Ms. Lin Wei Ping                                                                              1/1             100%
      Mr. Shi Chi                                                                                   0/1                0%
      Mr. Lin Jin                                                                                   1/1             100%
      Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric (Appointed with effect from 28 February 2020)                        0/0                0%


      Independent Non-Executive Directors:
      Mr. Li Weibin                                                                                 0/1                0%
      Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry                                                                   1/1             100%
      Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)                                         0/1                0%
      Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)                           0/0                0%

     Board Meetings and Corporate Governance Function
     The Board held a total of 4 meetings during the reporting year. Of these, 2 meetings were held mainly for approving
     the 2018 final results and the 2019 interim results of the Group; the other meeting was held to discuss and consider
     important issues of the Group and review policies related to corporate governance.

     Sufficient notices to Board meetings are given to all Directors prior to the meetings for the purpose of providing all
     Directors with sufficient time to schedule their business for the meetings, and to propose matters to be included in the
     agenda for the meetings. Agenda and meeting documents are despatched to all Directors at least 3 days before each of
     the meetings to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review documents and be adequately prepared for the
     meeting. When Directors are unable to attend a meeting, they are advised of the matters to be discussed and given an
     opportunity to make their views known to the Chairman of the Board prior to the meeting.

     Management of the Company has, from time to time, supplied to the Board relevant information, as well as reports
     relating to operational and financial performance of the Group, enabling the Directors to make informed decisions.
     Members of the management who are responsible for preparation of the documents for discussion at the Board
     meetings are usually invited to present the relevant documents and to take any questions or address queries that the
     Directors may have on the documents. This enables the Board to perform a comprehensive and informed evaluation as
     part of the Board’s decision making processes.




54                                       Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



The proceedings of the Board at its meetings are conducted by the Chairman of the Board who is responsible to ensure
that sufficient time is allocated for discussion and consideration of each agenda item and that equal opportunities
are given to the Directors to speak and express their views and share their concerns. Minutes of the Board meetings
are recorded in sufficient detail about the matters considered by the Board and the decisions reached, including any
concerns raised by the Directors. The minutes are kept by the Company Secretary or any other personnel appointed by
the Board at the meetings. Subsequently, the minutes are circulated to the Directors and are available for inspection by
the Directors.

During the reporting year, the Board was responsible for performing the corporate governance functions such as to
develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor the training
and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management; to review and monitor the Company’s
policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review and monitor the
code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and to review the Company’s
compliance with the CG Code and make relevant disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report.

The attendance record of the Board meetings during the reporting year:

                                                                                       Number of
                                                                                        meetings         Attendance
 Name of Director                                                                  attended/held               rate
 Executive Directors:
 Mr. Lai Weide                                                                                 4/4             100%
 Mr. Liu Tangzhi                                                                               4/4             100%
 Ms. Lin Wei Ping                                                                              4/4             100%
 Mr. Shi Chi                                                                                   4/4             100%
 Mr. Lin Jin                                                                                   4/4             100%
 Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric (Appointed with effect from 28 February 2020)                        0/0                0%


 Independent Non-Executive Directors:
 Mr. Li Weibin                                                                                 4/4             100%
 Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry                                                                   4/4             100%
 Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)                                         4/4             100%
 Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)                           0/0                0%

Securities Transactions of Directors
The Company has adopted the Code of Conduct on terms no less exacting than the required standard set out in the
Model Code. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, the Company received confirmation from each of the
Directors that he/she had complied with the Code of Conduct throughout the reporting year.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           55
     Corporate Governance Report



     Board Committees

     As an integral part of good corporate governance and to assist the Board in execution of its duties, the Board is
     supported by 4 board committees, including Executive Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee
     and Audit Committee. Each of these committees oversees particular aspects of the Group’s affairs under its
     defined scope of duties and terms of reference approved by the Board. The terms of reference of the Nomination
     Committee, Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee are available on the Company’s website through the
     link http://investor.skyworth.com/en/index.php and the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited. All
     committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties.

     (1)   Executive Committee
           The Executive Committee was established by the Board on 5 February 2005 with written terms of reference
           adopted on the same date. The Executive Committee currently comprises 9 members, including several executive
           Directors and senior management of the Company.

           The Executive Committee has been delegated with powers from the Board to deal with matters of the Group. The
           authority and major duties of the Executive Committee are summarised as follows:

           •    to establish strategic planning and financial budgets for Board approval;

           •    to monitor daily business operations, including sales, productions, brand and product promotion and human
                resources capital, within the Group;

           •    to review and approve management reports;

           •    to evaluate investments opportunities for Board approval; and

           •    to monitor fund flows and evaluate cash management policies within the Group.

           The Executive Committee held monthly meetings during the reporting year to review, discuss and evaluate the
           monthly business performance and other business and operational matters of each major subsidiary within the
           Group.

     (2)   Nomination Committee
           The Nomination Committee was set up under the auspices of the Board on 5 February 2005 with written terms
           of reference adopted on 19 August 2005, which was further updated and approved on 30 March 2012 and
           25 August 2017. The Nomination Committee currently comprises 4 members. As at the date of this report, the
           chairman of the Nomination Committee is Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement and the other members are Mr. Li Weibin,
           Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry and Ms. Lin Wei Ping. Except for Ms. Lin Wei Ping is an executive Director, the
           remaining 3 members are independent non-executive Directors.




56                                       Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                 Corporate Governance Report



The major duties of the Nomination Committee set out in its terms of reference are summarised as follows:

•       to review the structure, size and composition of the Board at least annually and to make recommendations
        on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

•       to be responsible for identifying and nominating suitably qualified candidates as additional Directors or to
        fill Board vacancies as they arise for approval of the Board;

•       to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
        planning for Directors in particular the chairman and the chief executive officer;

•       in case of appointment and re-appointment of independent non-executive Directors, to assess the
        independence of the appointees having regard to relevant guidelines or requirements of the Listing Rules in
        place from time to time; and

•       to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors on an annual basis having regard to
        relevant guidelines or requirements of the Listing Rules in place from time to time.

The Nomination Committee held 2 meetings during the reporting year for the purposes, including but not limited
to the followings:

•       reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board;

•       reviewed and assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;

•       reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the proposal for the change of directors and
        supervisors of Skyworth Group; and

•       reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the appointment of directors of Skyworth Group.

The attendance record of the Nomination Committee meetings held during the reporting year:

                                                                                   Number of
                                                                                    meetings         Attendance
    Name of Director                                                           attended/held               rate
    Independent Non-Executive Directors:
    Mr. Li Ming (Chairman) (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)                       2/2             100%
    Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement (Chairman)                                                    0/0               0%
      (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)
    Mr. Li Weibin                                                                          2/2             100%
    Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry                                                            2/2             100%

    Executive Director:
    Ms. Lin Wei Ping                                                                       2/2             100%




                                Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           57
     Corporate Governance Report



     (3)   Remuneration Committee
           The Remuneration Committee was set up under the auspices of the Board on 5 February 2005 with written terms
           of reference adopted on 19 August 2005, which was updated and approved on 30 March 2012 and 25 August
           2017. The Remuneration Committee currently comprises 4 members. As at the date of this report, the chairman
           of the Remuneration Committee is Mr. Li Weibin and the other members are Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry,
           Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement and Ms. Lin Wei Ping. Except for Ms. Lin Wei Ping who is an executive Director, the
           remaining 3 members of the Remuneration Committee are independent non-executive Directors.

           The major duties of the Remuneration Committee set out in its terms of reference are summarised as follows:

           •    to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and
                senior management remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedures for
                developing remuneration policy;

           •    to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to Board’s corporate goals
                and objectives;

           •    to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and
                senior management, and to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive
                Directors;

           •    to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or
                termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise
                fair and not excessive;

           •    to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for
                misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and
                appropriate;

           •    to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration; and

           •    to produce and approve disclosure statements of the Company’s remuneration policy and other disclosures
                in relation to the Remuneration Committee and its work as required by applicable laws and rules where
                necessary.

           The Remuneration Committee held 3 meetings during the reporting year for the purposes of, including but not
           limited to, the following:

           •    reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on bonus payable to the Directors and senior
                management of the Company;

           •    reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the proposal for the grant of share option;

           •    reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the proposal for the grant of share award;




58                                       Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                               Corporate Governance Report



•       reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the proposal for special bonus to the executive teams
        of Skyworth Group; and

•       reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the renewal of service contract of an executive
        Director and an independence non-executive Director.

The attendance record of the Remuneration Committee meetings during the reporting year:

                                                                                 Number of
                                                                                  meetings        Attendance
    Name of Director                                                         attended/held              rate
    Independent Non-Executive Directors:
    Mr. Li Weibin (Chairman)                                                            3/3             100%
    Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry                                                         3/3             100%
    Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)                               3/3             100%
    Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)                 0/0               0%

    Executive Director:
    Ms. Lin Wei Ping                                                                    3/3             100%

Remuneration policy of the Group
The remuneration policy of the Group is formulated to ensure remuneration offered to the Directors or employees
is appropriate for the corresponding duties performed, sufficiently compensated for the effort and time dedicated
to the affairs of the Group, and competitive and effective in attracting, retaining and motivating employees. The
key components of the Company’s remuneration package include basic salary, and where appropriate, other
allowances, incentive bonus, mandatory provident funds, state-managed retirement benefits scheme, share
options granted under the share option schemes of the Company and awarded shares granted under the Share
Award Scheme. Details of the share option schemes of the Company and Share Award Scheme are set out in
notes 48 and 49 to the consolidated financial statements.

The emoluments payable to Directors are determined with reference to the responsibilities, qualifications,
experience, performance of the Directors and prevailing market conditions. They include incentive bonus primarily
based on the results of the Group, share options granted under the share option schemes of the Company and
awarded shares granted under the Share Award Scheme. The Remuneration Committee performs review on
the emoluments of the Directors from time to time. No Director, nor any of his/her associates and executive, is
involved in deciding his/her own emoluments.




                               Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                          59
     Corporate Governance Report



           Employees’ remuneration packages are determined with reference to the responsibilities, qualifications and
           experience of individuals. The packages are reviewed annually and as required from time to time. The Group
           also continuously spends resources in training, retention and recruitment programs, and encouraging staff for
           self-development and improvements. The Group uses the “key performance indicators”, a methodical system,
           to monitor and evaluate the performance of managerial staff, aiming to achieve continuous improvements and
           correction of deficiencies by establishing a measurable benchmark.

           The Board recognises that the future success of the Group depends largely on its ability to build up a team of high
           calibre professional managers as its human resource capital. The Group is committed to building up such human
           resource capital to enhance its assets for ensuring future growth.

           The remuneration of the individual Directors and the 5 highest paid individuals are set out in notes 12 and 13 to
           the consolidated financial statements.

     (4)   Audit Committee
           The Audit Committee was established by the Board since the listing of the shares of the Company on the Stock
           Exchange on 7 April 2000. As at the date of this report, the Audit Committee currently comprises 3 independent
           non-executive Directors. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry and the other
           members are Mr. Li Weibin and Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement.

           The Audit Committee has its written terms of reference adopted since its establishment. The terms of reference
           were subsequently revised on 30 March 2012 in order to comply with the then adopted amendments to the CG
           Code. In light of the amendments made to the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2016, the Board has further
           adopted the revised terms of reference of the Audit Committee on 15 December 2015 in accordance with such
           CG Code amendments.

           The major duties of the Audit Committee set out in its terms of reference are summarised as follows:

           •     to ensure and coordinate the relationship with the Company’s external auditors and make
                 recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external auditors,
                 and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors;

           •     to review the Company’s financial information; and

           •     to oversee the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems.

           The Audit Committee held 2 meetings during the reporting year for the purposes of, including but not limited to,
           the following:

           •     reviewed and commented on the Company’s annual and interim financial reports;

           •     oversaw the Group’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems on an
                 ongoing basis;




60                                        Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



      •       reviewed the financial reporting system to ensure the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience
              of staff in accounting and financial reporting functions of the Group;

      •       discussed the Group’s internal audit plan with the Risk Management Department;

      •       reviewed the continuing connected transactions of the Company;

      •       reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the adoption of the whistleblowing policy; and

      •       met and communicated with the external auditors for audit works of the Group.

      The attendance record of the Audit Committee meetings during the reporting year:

                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                          meetings         Attendance
          Name of Director                                                           attended/held               rate
          Independent Non-Executive Directors:
          Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry (Chairman)                                                  2/2             100%
          Mr. Li Weibin                                                                           2/2             100%
          Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)                                   2/2             100%
          Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)                     0/0               0%

Accountability and Audit

The Board is accountable to the shareholders of the Company through proper financial reporting, regular internal
control reviews, interim reviews and annual audits. These are the most efficient way in assessing the effectiveness of the
Board in managing the business and affairs of the Group.

Financial Reporting
The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of the annual consolidated financial statements which give
a true and fair view of the state of business affairs and of the results and cash flow of the Group for the reporting year.
In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors have:

•     approved the adoption of the applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards;

•     selected suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently throughout the year covered by the
      consolidated financial statements;

•     made judgments and estimates that were prudent and reasonable, and ensured the consolidated financial
      statements were prepared on a going concern basis; and

•     ensured that the consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements
      of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the Listing Rules and the applicable accounting standards.




                                      Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                            61
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Board recognises that high quality corporate reporting is important in enhancing the relationship between the
     Company and its stakeholders. The Board aims at presenting a balanced, clear and comprehensible vision of the
     performance, position and prospects of the Group in all corporate communications. The Company’s management
     provides the Board with monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s business and
     financial performance in sufficient detail to enable the Board to discharge their duties.

     The statement of Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, being the external auditors of the Company, reporting their
     responsibilities on the financial statements is set out in the “Independent Auditors’ Report” on pages 68 to 74 to this
     annual report.

     Internal Controls
     The Board acknowledges its responsibility to ensure that a sound and effective internal control system is maintained.
     The system includes a defined management structure with specified limits of authority, to:

     •     achieve business objectives and safeguard assets against unauthorised use or disposition;

     •     ensure maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for internal
           use or for publication; and

     •     ensure compliance with the relevant legislation and regulations.

     The internal control system is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
     misstatement or loss, and manage, rather than eliminate, risks of failure in operational systems, and to ensure
     achievement of the Group’s objectives.

     The Board had performed annual review on the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s risk management and
     internal control systems, including but not limited to changes in the any risks since last year’s review, the scope and
     quality of management’s ongoing review on risk management and internal control systems of the Group; result of
     internal audit work; significant failures or weaknesses identified and their impacts on the Group during the reporting
     year; and the financial reporting and status of compliance with the Listing Rules by the Group, in accordance with its
     internal control framework set out below with the assistance of the Risk Management Department.

     Risk Management and Internal Control Framework
     The internal control framework established by the Board is highlighted as follows:

     (1)   Distinct organisational structure
           To allow delegation of authority as well as to enhance accountability, a distinct organisational structure
           exists which details lines of authority and control responsibilities in each business unit of the Group. Division/
           Department heads are involved in preparing the strategic plan and the operation plan based on the corporate
           strategies and annual operational and financial targets determined by the Board. Both of the strategic plan and
           the annual operating plan laid down the foundation for preparation of the annual budgets, which identify and
           prioritise business opportunities with reference to the resources allocation.

           During the reporting year, the Group continued to implement a series of corporate reorganisation programmes
           in order to achieve a unit chain of command and improve the operation flow. With the continuous focus on the
           unit chain of command, the Group anticipates to attain better controls and effectively monitor the management,
           operational and financial processes.




62                                       Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



(2)   Comprehensive management reporting
      A comprehensive management reporting system is in place providing financial and operational performance
      measurement indicators to the management and relevant financial information for reporting and disclosure
      purposes. Variances between actual performances and targets are prepared, analysed and explained, and
      appropriate actions are taken, if necessary, to rectify the deficiencies noted. This helps the management of the
      Company to monitor the business operations and enables the Board to formulate a strategic plan in a timely and
      prudent manner.

(3)   Regular risk assessment
      Systems and procedures are set up to identify, measure, manage and control risks including but not limited to
      operational risk, accounting risk, interest rate risk and compliance risk that may have an impact on the business of
      the Group. The Risk Management Department evaluates whether the Group’s risk management is in line with the
      established strategies, policies and procedures of the Company.

(4)   Regulated cash and treasury management
      The Group maintains a sound system and clear authority limit to ensure daily cash and treasury operations meet
      the relevant policies and rules established by the Group.

(5)   Regular reviews by Risk Management Department and Internal Audit Department
      The Risk Management Department was established by the Company in December 2005. The key function of
      the Risk Management Department is to provide an independent appraisal function to examine and evaluate
      operations, the systems of internal control and risk management as a service to the Company and its subsidiaries.
      The Risk Management Department assists all levels of administrations in the achievement of the organisational
      goals and objectives by striving to provide a positive impact on:

      •     efficiency and effectiveness of operating functions;

      •     reliability of financial reporting;

      •     status of implementation and effectiveness of the internal control policies and procedures; and

      •     compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

      The Risk Management Department also has a role to assist the Board and the Audit Committee to ensure that the
      Company maintains a sound system of internal controls by:

      •     reviewing all aspects of the Group’s activities and internal controls with unrestricted right of access;

      •     conducting comprehensive audits of the practices and procedures of the Group;

      •     conducting comprehensive audits of income and expenditure, internal controls of all business units of the
            Group;

      •     conducting comprehensive audits of cash and operational management for various sales offices on a regular
            basis with the support by the Internal Audit Department; and

      •     conducting special reviews and investigations of concerned areas identified by the Board or the
            management.




                                       Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                           63
     Corporate Governance Report



     The Head of Risk Management has unrestricted direct access to the Audit Committee and reports directly to the Board
     and the Audit Committee. The Head of Risk Management is invited to attend the Audit Committee meetings and has
     the right to bring appropriate matters identified during the course of the risk assessment and the internal audits to the
     attention of the Audit Committee. This reporting structure allows the Risk Management Department to maintain its
     independence and to have free access to all members of the Board.

     During the reporting year and up to the date of this report, the work performed by the Risk Management Department
     includes:

     •     reviewed and evaluated major business cycles of several business units; and

     •     reviewed the effectiveness of all material aspects of the risk management and internal control systems of the
           Group.

     The Internal Audit Department was established since 1996 mainly for examining and evaluating the operations and
     compliance status of the sales offices and branches in the mainland China TV business unit, which is the largest cash
     flow and revenue contributor of the Group. Besides, it also carries out special audits when senior staff leaving their
     positions either due to resignations or job rotations within the Group. During the reporting year, the Internal Audit
     Department also carried out the audit of certain major business units, in order to enhance the management and
     operational efficiency. Currently, the Internal Audit Department has approximately 23 staff members, most of them
     continuously travel all over mainland China and overseas to perform their internal audit work.

     During the reporting year, the Internal Audit Department issued over 47 reports to the Board and senior management
     on its regular reviews of operations and compliance audits of certain business units, sales offices and branches as well
     as reports on senior staff leaving their positions.

     Internal Audit Plan
     The Risk Management Department, by considering current status and future development of the Group, would submit
     an internal audit annual plan (“IA Annual Plan”) to the Audit Committee and the Board for review and approval, in
     order to match with the business strategy of the Group.

     Risk Management and Internal Control Review
     During the reporting year, the Board, through the work performed by the Risk Management Department, conducted
     a review on the system of internal controls in accordance with the IA Annual Plan, which covers material controls,
     including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management functions. The results of the
     review indicated that the system of risk management and internal controls of the Group is effective and adequate
     notwithstanding that there were some improvement opportunities identified. The Board would consider and evaluate
     those improvement opportunities identified by the Risk Management Department and make corresponding changes
     to the current system as and when appropriate. The Board would continue to review and improve the internal control
     system in fulfilment of Group’s business objective.




64                                        Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                         Corporate Governance Report



External Auditor
The Group’s external auditor is Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The Audit Committee is mandated to ensure
continuing auditors’ objectivity and safeguarding independence of the auditor. Up to the date of this report, the Audit
Committee has considered and approved the engagement of Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditor of the Group
for the reporting year and the corresponding audit fee estimation.

The remuneration paid or payable by the Group to Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in respect of their audit and other
non-audit services for the reporting year were as follows:

                                                                                                                 For the
                                                                                             For the           9 months
                                                                                         year ended               ended
                                                                                        31 December         31 December
                                                                                               2019                2018
    Nature of services                                                                      Amounts              Amounts
                                                                                         RMB million          RMB million
    Audit service (including review of interim financial statements)                                 9                   7
    Non-audit and tax related service                                                                4                   2
    Total                                                                                           13                   9


Company Secretary

Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric (“Mr. Lam”) was appointed as the Company Secretary since 1 December 2013. The
biographical details of Mr. Lam are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management Profiles” of
this annual report.

In accordance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules, Mr. Lam has taken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional
training during the reporting year.

Corporate Communication with Stakeholders

The Company has in place an effective corporate communication system which provides transparent, regular and
timely public disclosures to its stakeholders, including, inter alia, the general public, analysts, and the institutional and
individual shareholders of the Company. The main features of the system are that:

•       the Company maintains a website on which comprehensive information about the Group, including corporate
        structure, management profile, products and services provided, financial reports, announcements and news of the
        Group, are disclosed;

•       the Company establishes and maintains different communication channels with its stakeholders through
        publication of annual and interim reports, announcements and press releases. To promote effective
        communication, the shareholders of the Company can obtain corporate communication electronically via the
        Company’s corporate website http://investor.skyworth.com/en/index.php;




                                        Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                            65
     Corporate Governance Report



     •    the annual general meeting of the Company provides a good forum for the shareholders to exchange views with
          the Board. The Chairman of the Board as well as chairman of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and
          Remuneration Committee, or in their absence, members of the committees will be available to answer questions
          which may be raised by the shareholders of the Company;

     •    separate resolutions are proposed at general meetings for each substantial issue, including the election of
          individual Directors;

     •    details of the poll voting procedures and the rights of shareholders to demand a poll are included in a circular to
          the shareholders despatched prior to the date of the relevant general meeting. The circular also includes relevant
          details of proposed resolutions;

     •    the poll results are published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and on the
          Company’s website http://investor.skyworth.com/en/index.php; and

     •    the Company publishes its own newspapers and magazines, which report up-to-date corporate strategy and
          business development of the Group, on a regular basis for internal circulation.

     Shareholders’ Right

     Pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company, shareholder(s) holding at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than
     one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the voting right at general meetings of the Company shall
     at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to request a special general
     meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting
     shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one days of such deposit the
     Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself/themselves may do so in the same manner.

     The procedures for shareholders of the Company to convene a special general meeting and put forward proposals at
     shareholders’ meetings are available on the website of the Company, and a summary of which is as follows:

     Shareholders can submit a requisition to move a resolution at general meetings pursuant to the Companies Act 1981 of
     Bermuda. The number of shareholders necessary for a requisition shall be:

     •    either representing not less than one-twentieth (5%) of the total voting rights of the Company having on the date
          of the requisition; or

     •    not less than 100 shareholders of the Company.




66                                       Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                   Corporate Governance Report



The written requisitions must:

•     state the resolution, with a statement not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in the
      proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at the meeting;

•     be signed by all the requisitionists (may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more
      requisitionists); and

•     be deposited at the head office of the Company in Hong Kong for the attention of the Company Secretary.

Shareholders of the Company may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing them to the Company
Secretary at the Company’s Hong Kong office at Rooms 1601-04, Westlands Centre, 20 Westlands Road, Quarry Bay,
Hong Kong. Shareholders of the Company can also make enquiries to the Board directly at the general meetings.

Constitutional Documents

During the reporting year, there were no changes in the Company’s constitutional documents.




                                   Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                         67
                       INDEPENDENT
                       AUDITOR’S REPORT

68   Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report




To the Members of Skyworth Group Limited
(FORMERLY KNOWN AS SKYWORTH DIGITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED)
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Skyworth Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 75 to 223, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at 31 December 2019, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.




                                     Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           69
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
     Key audit matter                                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Write-down for inventories

     We identified the write-down for inventories as a key                           Our procedures in relation to the write-down for
     audit matter due to the significance of inventories to the                      inventories include:
     consolidated statement of financial position as a whole,
     combined with significant management judgement                                  •    Obtaining an understanding of management’s
     associated with the assessment of write-down for                                     process of carrying out the assessment of write-down
     inventories.                                                                         of inventories;

     As disclosed in note 27 to the consolidated financial                           •    Evaluating the basis of write-down for inventories
     statements, inventories of the Group as at 31 December                               assessed by management;
     2019 comprised of raw materials, work in progress
     and finished goods amounting to RMB1,692 million,                               •    Assessing the appropriateness of the estimated selling
     RMB260 million and RMB2,957 million respectively.                                    prices of the inventories by tracing to recent or
     As further disclosed in note 11 to the consolidated                                  subsequent selling prices of the same products, on a
     financial statements, an expense of RMB163 million was                               sample basis;
     recognised in profit or loss to write-down the cost of
     inventories to their net realisable values during the year                      •    Evaluating the reasonableness of management’s
     ended 31 December 2019.                                                              estimated cost to completion and tracing to the
                                                                                          supporting documents, on a sample basis;
     As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial
     statements, the assessment of write-down for inventories                        •    Obtaining an understanding of how management
     re q u i re s s i g n i f i c a n t m a n a g e m e n t j u d g e m e n t i n        review the usability and saleability of inventories for
     determining estimated selling prices, estimated cost to                              identifying slow moving inventories by product types;
     completion and reviewing the usability and saleability of                            and
     inventories.
                                                                                     •    Testing the accuracy of the inventory ageing report
                                                                                          used as a basis to calculate the provision.




70                                                    Skyworth Group Limited             Annual Report 2019
                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Estimated provision of expected credit losses for
trade receivables

We identified the estimated provision of expected credit         Our procedures in relation to estimated provision of
losses for trade receivables as a key audit matter due to        expected credit losses for trade receivables included:
the significance of trade receivables to the consolidated
statement of financial position as a whole, combined             •   Obtaining an understanding of management’s
with significant management estimation associated with               process of assessing the expected credit losses of
the assessment of impairment of trade receivables.                   trade receivables;

As disclosed in note 31 to the consolidated financial            •   Evaluating the appropriateness of groupings of trade
statements, the carrying amount of trade receivables is              debtors having similar loss patterns in the provision
RMB9,430 million (net of allowance for credit losses of              matrix and testing the integrity of the information
RMB398 million). An impairment loss of RMB110 million                used by the management to develop the provision
was recognised in profit or loss on trade receivables                matrix;
during the year ended 31 December 2019.
                                                                 •   Evaluating the reasonableness of management’s
As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial                 determination of the estimated loss rates (with
statements, the impairment loss assessment requires                  reference to market corporate default rates and
significant management estimation in determining the                 publicly available forward-looking information);
expected credit losses for trade receivables. The Group
uses provision matrix, through grouping of various               •   Testing the accuracy of management’s calculation of
debtors that have similar loss patterns, after considering           the expected credit losses for trade receivables for 31
internal credit ratings, repayment history and/or past               December 2019;
due status of respective trade receivables, to calculate
expected credit losses for trade receivables. The estimated      •   Evaluating the reasonableness of management’s
loss rates are based on the average of market corporate              determination of allowance for credit losses for credit
default rates taking into consideration forward-looking              impaired trade receivables with reference to, where
information that is reasonable, supportable and available            applicable, the historical settlement experience,
without undue costs. In addition, trade receivables that             subsequent settlements, future expected settlement
are credit impaired are assessed for expected credit losses          plan, business relationship with the customers and
individually with reference to the historical settlement             credit assessment of customers;
experience, future expected settlement plan, business
relationship with the customers and credit assessment of         •   Testing subsequent settlements of credit impaired
customers.                                                           trade receivables, on a sample basis, by inspecting
                                                                     supporting documents in relation to payment receipt
                                                                     from trade debtors subsequent to the end of the
                                                                     current reporting period.




                                     Annual Report 2019       Skyworth Group Limited                                           71
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
     work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
     to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
     FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
     consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

     A U D I T O R ’ S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E A U D I T O F T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act, and for no other
     purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
     HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
     considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
     decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




72                                        Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report



A U D I T O R ’ S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E A U D I T O F T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
     omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
     the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
     cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for
     the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.




                                     Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                             73
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     A U D I T O R ’ S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E A U D I T O F T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
     matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
     because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits
     of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Wu Ka Ming.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     5 April 2020




74                                        Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
                   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                  Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                             Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi except for earnings per share data



                                                                                                         Nine months
                                                                                       Year ended              ended
                                                                                      31 December        31 December
                                                                         NOTES               2019               2018
Revenue
  Contracts with customers                                                                   36,802            29,736
  Leases                                                                                        408               272
  Interest under effective interest method                                                       67               184
Total revenue                                                               5                37,277            30,192
Cost of sales                                                                               (29,775)          (24,534)
Gross profit                                                                                  7,502              5,658
Other income                                                                7                 1,071                628
Other gains and losses                                                     8(a)                 275                (13)
Impairment loss recognised in respect of financial assets                  8(b)                (223)              (277)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                            (3,757)            (2,862)
General and administrative expenses                                                          (1,014)              (833)
Research and development expenses                                                            (1,843)            (1,327)
Finance costs                                                               9                  (484)              (335)
Share of results of associates                                                                   21                  9
Share of results of joint ventures                                                                5                  –
Profit before taxation                                                                        1,553               648
Income tax expense                                                         10                  (522)              (95)
Profit for the year/period                                                 11                 1,031               553
Other comprehensive income (expense)
Item that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                                24               (132)
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments at fair value
   through other comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                               (141)            (1,763)
Income tax relating to item that will not reclassified subsequently                              21                264
                                                                                               (120)            (1,499)
Other comprehensive expense for the year/period                                                 (96)            (1,631)
Total comprehensive income (expense) for the year/period                                        935             (1,078)




                                    Annual Report 2019      Skyworth Group Limited                                          75
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
     Other Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2019

     Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi except for earnings per share data



                                                                                                         Nine months
                                                                                            Year ended         ended
                                                                                           31 December   31 December
                                                                                NOTE              2019          2018
      Profit for the year/period attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                                      747          420
        Non-controlling interests                                                                  284          133
                                                                                                 1,031          553
      Total comprehensive income (expense) for the
        year/period attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                                      642        (1,199)
        Non-controlling interests                                                                  293           121
                                                                                                   935        (1,078)
      Earnings per share (expressed in Renminbi cents)
      Basic                                                                         15           24.61         13.85
      Diluted                                                                       15           24.52         11.63




76                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
                   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                                 At 31 December 2019

                                                                              Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                                           As at              As at
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                       NOTES               2019               2018
Non-current Assets
Property, plant and equipment                                            16                 7,040              6,571
Right-of-use assets                                                      17                 2,496                  –
Deposits paid for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   299                360
Investment properties                                                    18                     4                  4
Prepaid lease payments on land use rights                                19                     –              2,331
Goodwill                                                                 20                   410                384
Intangible assets                                                        21                    91                 92
Interests in associates                                                  22                   196                 79
Interests in joint ventures                                              23                    19                 22
Equity instruments at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)        24                 1,005                463
Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                             24                 1,523              1,494
Finance lease receivables                                                33                     5                  –
Loan receivables                                                         25                   585                 41
Deferred tax assets                                                      26                   500                555
                                                                                           14,173            12,396
Current Assets
Inventories                                                              27                 4,909             6,031
Stock of properties                                                      28                 4,171               866
Prepaid lease payments on land use rights                                19                     –                50
Investments in debt securities                                           29                    83               158
Financial assets at FVTPL                                                30                    50                37
Trade receivables                                                        31                14,265            16,416
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                              32                 2,045             2,545
Loan receivables                                                         25                 1,540             2,730
Finance lease receivables                                                33                   125               128
Prepaid tax                                                                                    75                31
Pledged bank deposits                                                    35                   885               123
Restricted bank deposits                                                 35                   411               335
Bank balances and cash                                                   35                 4,806             3,314
                                                                                           33,365            32,764
Current Liabilities
Trade payables                                                          36(a)               6,559              6,635
Other payables                                                          36(b)               4,264              3,821
Bills payables                                                           37                 3,500              6,182
Derivative financial instruments                                         38                     4                  3
Lease liabilities                                                        39                    34                  –
Contract liabilities                                                     40                 1,951              1,443
Corporate bonds                                                          45                 1,990                  –
Provision for warranty                                                   41                   181                143
Amount due to a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary              34                     –                 50
Tax liabilities                                                                               189                117
Borrowings                                                               42                 7,135              5,590
Deferred income                                                          43                   170                144
                                                                                           25,977            24,128
Net Current Assets                                                                          7,388              8,636
Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                                      21,561            21,032




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                          77
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     At 31 December 2019

     Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                                               As at          As at
                                                                                        31 December    31 December
                                                                          NOTES                2019           2018
      Non-current Liabilities
      Other financial liabilities                                          36(c)                 285           173
      Lease liabilities                                                     39                   112             –
      Provision for warranty                                                41                    91            80
      Borrowings                                                            42                 1,042           734
      Convertible bonds                                                     44                   924             –
      Corporate bonds                                                       45                     –         1,990
      Deferred income                                                       43                   426           522
      Deferred tax liabilities                                              26                   262           178
      Derivative financial instruments                                      44                   276             –
                                                                                               3,418         3,677
      NET ASSETS                                                                              18,143        17,355
      Capital and Reserves
      Share capital                                                         46                   308           308
      Reserves                                                                                15,684        15,162
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                            15,992        15,470
      Non-controlling interests                                                                2,151         1,885
                                                                                              18,143        17,355


     The consolidated financial statements on pages 75 to 223 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
     directors on 5 April 2020 and are signed on its behalf by:




                             LAI WEIDE                                                 LIU TANGZHI
                             DIRECTOR                                                    DIRECTOR




78                                       Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
                                           Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                                                                                                        Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                                                                                                                                           Attributable to
                                                                                       Attributable to owners of the Company                                                           non-controlling interests

                                                                                       Shares held
                                                                   Share      Share      for share                                                                              Share award     Share of
                                             Share       Share    option     award          award       FVTOCI         Surplus       Capital    Exchange Accumulated      Sub- reserve of net assets of            Sub–
                                            capital   premium    reserve    reserve        scheme       reserve       account        reserve      reserve     profits     total a subsidiary subsidiaries          total     Total
                                                                                                                     (Note (a))    (Note (b))
Balance at 1 April 2018                        308       3,292      198           –           (105)       2,064             40         1,280          18        9,820    16,915          14         1,608          1,622    18,537

Profit for the period                            –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –         420       420            –           133           133       553
Fair value loss on equity
   instruments at FVTOCI,
   net of tax                                    –           –         –          –              –        (1,499)              –           –           –            –    (1,499)          –              –             –    (1,499)
Exchange differences arising on
   translation of foreign operations             –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –        (120)           –      (120)          –            (12)          (12)     (132)
Total comprehensive (expense)
   income for the period                         –           –         –          –              –       (1,499)               –           –        (120)        420     (1,199)          –           121           121     (1,078)
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payments (note 49)                –           –         4        17               –             –               –           –           –            –       21           21              –           21        42
Transfer to capital reserve                      –           –         –         –               –             –               –         336           –         (336)       –            –              –            –         –
Shares vested under the share
   award schemes of the Company
   and a subsidiary of the Company               –           –         –         (7)             7             –               –           –           –          42        42            –            17            17        59
Lapse of share option                            –           –      (135)         –              –             –               –           –           –         135         –            –             –             –         –
Dividends recognised as distribution
  (note 14)                                      –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –         (241)     (241)          –              –             –      (241)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   interests                                     –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –            –         –           –            (32)          (32)      (32)
Contribution from non-controlling
   interests                                     –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –            –         –           –            59            59        59
Non-controlling interests arising
   on disposal of partial interest
   in a subsidiary that does not result
   in losing control of the subsidiary
  (Note (c))                                     –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –          (68)      (68)          –            80            80        12
Disposal of a subsidiary (note 50)               –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –            –         –           –            (2)           (2)       (2)
Acquisition of additional interest in a
   subsidiary (Note (d))                         –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –            –         –           –             (1)           (1)       (1)
Balance at 31 December 2018                    308       3,292       67         10             (98)         565             40         1,616        (102)       9,772    15,470          35         1,850          1,885    17,355
Profit for the year                              –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –         747       747            –           284           284      1,031
Fair value loss on equity instruments at
   FVTOCI, net of tax                            –           –         –          –              –         (120)               –           –           –            –      (120)          –              –             –      (120)
Exchange differences arising on
   translation of foreign operations             –           –         –          –              –            (3)              –           –          18            –       15            –              9             9       24
Total comprehensive (expense)
   income for the year                           –           –         –          –              –         (123)               –           –          18         747       642            –           293           293       935
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payments (note 49)                –           –       28         10               –             –               –           –           –            –       38           10              –           10        48
Transfer to capital reserve                      –           –        –          –               –             –               –         137           –         (137)       –            –              –            –         –
Shares vested under the share award
   schemes of the Company and a
   subsidiary of the Company                     –           –         –        (10)           15              –               –           –           –           (5)        –         (17)           64            47        47
Dividends recognised as distribution
  (note 14)                                      –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –         (160)     (160)          –              –             –      (160)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   interests                                     –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –            –         –           –            (63)          (63)      (63)
Deemed acquisition of additional
   interest in a listed subsidiary               –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –            –         –           –             (7)           (7)       (7)
Acquisition of additional interest
   in subsidiaries (Note (e))                    –           –         –          –              –             –               –           –           –            2         2           –            (14)          (14)      (12)
Balance at 31 December 2019                    308       3,292       95         10             (83)         442             40         1,753         (84)      10,219    15,992          28         2,123          2,151    18,143




                                                                     Annual Report 2019                            Skyworth Group Limited                                                                                             79
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2019

     Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



     Notes:


     (a)      Surplus account represented the difference between the nominal amount of the share capital issued by the Company and
              the aggregate of the nominal amount of the issued share capital and other reserves accounts of Skyworth Investment
              (Holdings) Limited, a subsidiary which was acquired by the Company pursuant to the group reorganisation carried out in
              2000.


     (b)      Capital reserve represented the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) statutory reserves. Pursuant to the relevant PRC
              regulations and the Articles of Association of the PRC subsidiaries of the Company, the PRC subsidiaries are required to
              transfer not less than 10% of their post-tax profit to statutory reserves (i.e. capital reserve) as reserve funds until the
              aggregated amounts have reached 50% of their registered capitals. These reserves should only be used for making up
              losses, capitalisation into capital, and expansion of production and operation.


     (c)      During the nine months ended 31 December 2018, the Company mainly disposed of 7.53% equity interest of Shenzhen
              Coocaa Network Technology Company Limited (“Shenzhen Coocaa”) for a consideration of RMB12 million. The
              difference between the consideration and the net assets attributable to the interest disposed to the non-controlling
              shareholders is debited to accumulated profits.


     (d)      During the nine months ended 31 December 2018, the Group acquired 30% equity interest in 深圳市鳳梨科技有限公司
              from a non-controlling shareholder for a consideration of RMB1 million, which approximates the carrying amount of the
              net assets attributable to the additional interest acquired from the non-controlling shareholder.


     (e)      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group acquired 2.5% equity interests in Skyworth Electronic Appliance
              Limited from a non-controlling shareholder for a consideration of RMB6 million. The difference between the
              consideration and the net assets attributable to the interest acquired from the non-controlling shareholder is credited to
              accumulated profits.


              During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group acquired 5.0% equity interests in 創維集團智能裝備有限公司 from
              a non-controlling shareholder for a consideration of RMB6 million. The difference between the consideration and the net
              assets attributable to the interest acquired from the non-controlling shareholder is credited to accumulated profits.




80                                             Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2019
                                 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                           Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                                                      Nine months
                                                                                    Year ended              ended
                                                                                   31 December        31 December
                                                                                          2019               2018
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before taxation                                                                     1,553               648
Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                            1                 2
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                        136                 –
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                              511               344
  Dividend income                                                                            (15)               (1)
  Finance costs                                                                              484               335
  Loss (gain) from changes in fair value of
     derivative financial instruments                                                        137               (10)
  Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                                         (3)               (1)
  Government grants related to assets recognised                                            (141)              (53)
  Impairment loss recognised in respect of financial assets                                  223               277
  Interest income                                                                           (308)             (290)
  (Gain) loss from changes in fair value of
     equity instruments at FVTPL                                                            (387)               26
  Loss on disposal of financial assets at amortised costs                                     31                 –
  Loss on disposal of land use rights                                                          –                 8
  Loss on disposal of a subsidiary                                                             –                30
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                            6                27
  Provision for warranty                                                                     216               140
  Release of prepaid lease payments on land use rights                                         –                50
  Share-based payment expenses                                                                48                42
  Share of results of associates                                                             (21)               (9)
  Share of results of joint ventures                                                          (5)                –
  Write-down of inventories                                                                  163                46
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                   2,629             1,611
Cash received on settlement of derivative financial instruments                                1                11
Decrease (increase) in inventories                                                         1,213              (776)
(Increase) decrease in stock of properties                                                (3,305)              259
Decrease in financial assets at FVTPL                                                          –                83
Decrease (increase) in trade receivables                                                   2,035            (5,158)
Decrease (increase) in other receivables,
   deposits and prepayments                                                                  433              (620)
Decrease (increase) in loan receivables                                                      397              (159)
Decrease in finance lease receivables                                                          –                 6
(Decrease) increase in trade payables                                                       (150)            2,011
Increase in other payables                                                                   323               195
(Decrease) increase in bills payables                                                     (2,680)              734
Increase (decrease) in contract liabilities                                                  508              (228)
Decrease in provision for warranty                                                          (167)             (121)
Decrease in amounts due to associates                                                          –               (30)
Decrease in deferred income                                                                  (70)             (220)
Cash generated from (used in) operations                                                   1,167            (2,402)
Interest received                                                                             67               184
Hong Kong income tax paid                                                                     (1)               (8)
Overseas income tax paid                                                                     (16)               (1)
PRC income tax paid                                                                         (300)             (241)
Land appreciation tax paid                                                                   (19)               (9)
NET CASH FROM (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                 898            (2,477)




                                   Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                         81
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2019

     Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                                                        Nine months
                                                                                          Year ended          ended
                                                                                         31 December    31 December
                                                                           NOTE                 2019           2018
      INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Dividend received                                                                           18              6
      Interest received                                                                          258            107
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                               (1,013)        (1,009)
      Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                       46             64
      Addition to right-of-use assets                                                            (56)             –
      Addition to prepaid lease payments on land use rights                                        –            (63)
      Proceeds on disposal of land use right                                                       –             46
      Investment in an associate                                                                 (96)            (7)
      Investments in equity instruments at FVTPL                                                (258)          (123)
      Proceeds on disposal of equity instruments at FVTPL                                        103              –
      Investments in debt securities                                                             (86)          (151)
      Proceeds on redemption of investments in debt
         securities upon maturity                                                                153             50
      Investments in financial assets at FVTOCI                                                 (170)             –
      Repayment from an associate                                                                  –             26
      Advances to finance lease receivables                                                       (5)             –
      Loan advanced                                                                           (1,495)          (776)
      Repayments of loan receivables                                                           1,705            588
      Advances to staffs                                                                         (10)          (101)
      Repayments from staffs                                                                      14             79
      Government grants received related to assets                                               141             53
      Placement of pledged bank deposits                                                        (885)          (123)
      Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                                                        123            334
      Placement of restricted bank deposits                                                     (411)          (335)
      Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                                                     335            514
      Proceeds on disposal of a joint venture                                                      8             18
      Investments in financial assets at FVTPL                                                   (48)             –
      Proceeds on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                                           35              –
      Net cash inflow from acquisition of a subsidiary                     50(a)                  14              –
      Net cash inflow from disposal of a subsidiary                        50(b)                   –             14
      NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                                   (1,580)          (789)
      FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Dividends paid                                                                            (273)          (283)
      Interest paid                                                                             (431)          (349)
      Amounts received for restricted share incentive
         scheme of a subsidiary                                                                    –            23
      Contributions from non-controlling interests                                                 –            59
      Repurchase of its own shares by a listed subsidiary                                         (7)            –
      Consideration paid in acquisition of additional interests
         in subsidiaries                                                                         (12)            (1)
      Proceeds from partial disposals of subsidiaries                                              –             12
      New convertible bonds raised, net of transaction costs                                   1,031              –
      New other financial liability                                                               98              –
      New borrowings raised                                                                   13,676          7,080
      Repayments of borrowings                                                               (11,918)        (7,175)
      Repayments of lease liabilities                                                            (55)             –
      NET CASH FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                             2,109           (634)
      NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                     1,427         (3,900)

      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF
       THE YEAR/PERIOD                                                                         3,314          7,294

      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                     65            (80)
      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR/PERIOD,
        represented by bank balances and cash                                                  4,806          3,314



82                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




1.   GENERAL
     Skyworth Group Limited (the “Company”) is an exempted company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability
     and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The addresses
     of the registered office and the principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the corporate
     information section of the annual report.

     Pursuant to a special resolution passed by the shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held
     on 31 May 2019, the English name of the Company was changed from “Skyworth Digital Holdings Limited” to
     “Skyworth Group Limited” and the Chinese name was changed from “創維數碼控股有限公司” to “創維集團有
     限公司”and was adopted as a secondary name of the Company. The change of name and adoption of secondary
     name were made both effective from 11 June 2019.

     The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency of
     the Company and most of its subsidiaries.

     The Group, comprising the Company and its subsidiaries, is principally engaged in the manufacture and sales
     of smart TV systems, home access systems, smart white appliances, internet value-added services, property
     development and property holding. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries, associates and
     joint ventures are set out in notes 60, 22 and 23 respectively.

     Change of financial year end date

     Starting from the annual consolidated financial statements for the nine-month period ended 31 December 2018,
     the financial year end date of the Company was changed from 31 March to 31 December to align with the
     financial year end date of the Company’s principal operating subsidiaries established in the PRC for which their
     accounts are statutorily required to be prepared with a financial year end date of 31 December. Accordingly, the
     consolidated financial statements for the current year covers the twelve-month period from 1 January 2019 to
     31 December 2019. The corresponding comparative amounts shown for the consolidated statement of profit or
     loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity, consolidated statement of
     cash flows and related notes covers the nine-month period from 1 April 2018 to 31 December 2018, which may
     therefore not be comparable with amounts shown for the current year.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           83
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” )
          New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
          year

          The Group has applied, for the first time, the following new and amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong
          Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) in the current year:

          HKFRS 16                                Leases
          HK(IFRIC) – Int 23                      Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments
          Amendments to HKFRS 9                   Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation
          Amendments to HKAS 19                   Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement
          Amendments to HKAS 28                   Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures
          Amendments to HKFRSs                    Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2015 – 2017 Cycle

          Except as described below, the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs in the current year has had no
          material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current year and prior period and/or
          on the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.

          HKFRS 16 Leases
          The Group has applied HKFRS 16 for the first time in the current year. HKFRS 16 superseded HKAS 17 Leases
          (“HKAS 17”), and the related interpretations.

          Definition of a lease
          The Group has elected the practical expedient to apply HKFRS 16 to contracts that were previously identified as
          leases applying HKAS 17 and HK(IFRIC) – Int 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease and not
          apply this standard to contracts that were not previously identified as containing a lease. Therefore, the Group has
          not reassessed contracts which already existed prior to the date of initial application.

          For contracts entered into or modified on or after 1 January 2019, the Group applies the definition of a lease in
          accordance with the requirements set out in HKFRS 16 in assessing whether a contract contains a lease.

          As a lessee
          The Group has applied HKFRS 16 retrospectively with the cumulative effect recognised at the date of initial
          application, 1 January 2019.

          As at 1 January 2019, the Group recognised additional lease liabilities and right-of-use assets at amounts equal
          to the related lease liabilities by applying HKFRS 16.C8(b)(ii) transition. Any difference at the date of initial
          application is recognised in the opening accumulated profits and comparative information has not been restated.




84                                         Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2019




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” ) (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
     year (Continued)

     HKFRS 16 Leases (Continued)
     As a lessee (Continued)
     When applying the modified retrospective approach under HKFRS 16 at transition, the Group applied the
     following practical expedients to leases previously classified as operating leases under HKAS 17, on lease-by-lease
     basis, to the extent relevant to the respective lease contracts:

     i.       relied on the assessment of whether leases are onerous by applying HKAS 37 Provisions, Contingent
              Liabilities and Contingent Assets as an alternative of impairment review;

     ii.      elected not to recognise right-of-use assets and lease liabilities for leases with lease term ends within 12
              months of the date of initial application;

     iii.     excluded initial direct costs from measuring the right-of-use assets at the date of initial application;

     iv.      applied a single discount rate to a portfolio of leases with a similar remaining terms for similar class of
              underlying assets in similar economic environment; and

     v.       used hindsight based on facts and circumstances as at date of initial application in determining the lease
              term for the Group’s leases with extension and termination options.

     When recognising the lease liabilities for leases previously classified as operating leases, the Group has applied
     incremental borrowing rates of the relevant group entities at the date of initial application. The weighted average
     incremental borrowing rates applied by the relevant group entities is ranging from 4.75% to 5.00%.

                                                                                                                1 January
                                                                                                                     2019
                                                                                                               RMB million
          Operating lease commitments as at 31 December 2018                                                             165
          Lease liabilities discounted at relevant incremental borrowing rates                                           146
          Less: Recognition exemption – short-term leases                                                                (24)
          Lease liabilities as at 1 January 2019                                                                         122
          Analysed as:
            Current                                                                                                       52
            Non-current                                                                                                   70
                                                                                                                         122




                                        Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                            85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” ) (Continued)
          New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
          year (Continued)

          HKFRS 16 Leases (Continued)
          As a lessee (Continued)
          The carrying amount of right-of-use assets as at 1 January 2019 comprises the following:

                                                                                                              1 January
                                                                                                                   2019
                                                                                                             RMB million
            Right-of-use assets relating to operating leases recognised upon application of HKFRS 16                 122
            Reclassified from prepaid lease payments on land use rights                                            2,381
                                                                                                                   2,503
            By class:

            Leasehold lands                                                                                        2,381
            Land and buildings                                                                                       122
                                                                                                                   2,503


          Upfront payments for leasehold lands in the PRC were classified as prepaid lease payments on land use rights
          as at 31 December 2018. Upon application of HKFRS 16, the current and non-current portion of prepaid lease
          payments amounting to RMB50 million and RMB2,331 million respectively were reclassified to right-of-use assets.

          Effective from 1 January 2019, leasehold lands which were classified as stock of properties are measured under
          HKFRS 16 at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses.

          As a lessor
          In accordance with the transitional provisions in HKFRS 16, the Group is not required to make any adjustment on
          transition for leases in which the Group is a lessor but account for these leases in accordance with HKFRS 16 from
          the date of initial application and comparative information has not been restated.

          Upon application of HKFRS 16, new lease contracts entered into but commence after the date of initial
          application relating to the same underlying assets under existing lease contracts are accounted as if the existing
          leases are modified as at 1 January 2019. The application has had no impact on the Group’s consolidated
          statement of financial position at 1 January 2019. However, effective 1 January 2019, lease payments relating to
          the revised lease term after modification are recognised as income on straight-line basis over the extended lease
          term.




86                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” ) (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current
     year (Continued)

     HKFRS 16 Leases (Continued)
     As a lessor (Continued)
     Before the application of HKFRS 16, the Group considered refundable rental deposits paid as rights and
     obligations under leases to which HKAS 17 applied. Based on the definition of lease payments under HKFRS 16,
     such deposits are not payments relating to the right to use of the underlying assets at transition. No adjustment
     has been made to refundable rental deposits paid and right-of-use assets since the discounting effect is not
     significant.

     Effective on 1 January 2019, the Group has applied HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
     (“HKFRS 15”) to allocate consideration in the contract to each lease and non-lease components. The change in
     allocation basis has had no material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group for the current
     year.

     Sales and leaseback transactions
     The Group acts as a buyer-lessor
     In accordance with the transition provisions of HKFRS 16, sale and leaseback transactions entered into before
     the date of initial application were not reassessed. Upon application of HKFRS 16, the Group as a buyer-lessor
     does not recognise the transferred asset if such transfer does not satisfy the requirements of HKFRS 15 as a sale.
     During the current year, several sales and leaseback transactions in which the relevant seller-lessees have an
     obligation or a right to repurchase the relevant assets were accounted as financing arrangements under HKFRS 9
     Financial Instruments (“HKFRS 9”).

     The following tables summarise the impacts on the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position as at 31
     December 2019 for each of the line items affected. Line items that were not affected by the changes have not
     been included.

     Impact on the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                          Amounts
                                                                                                           without
                                                                                                     application of
                                                                  As reported       Adjustments          HKFRS 16
                                                                   RMB million       RMB million       RMB million
      Non-current Assets
        Loan receivables                                                   585               (575)               10
        Finance lease receivables                                            5                575               580

      Current Assets
        Loan receivables                                                 1,540                (25)            1,515
        Finance lease receivables                                          125                 25               150


     The transition to HKFRS 16 has no material impact on accumulated profits at 1 January 2019 and financial
     statements disclosure during the current year.




                                    Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                           87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
          REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” ) (Continued)
          New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

          The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not
          yet effective:

          HKFRS 17                                 Insurance Contracts1
          Amendments to HKFRS 3                    Definition of a Business2
          Amendments to HKFRS 10                   Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
            and HKAS 28                              and its Associate or Joint Venture3
          Amendments to HKAS 1                     Definition of Material4
            and HKAS 8
          Amendments to HKFRS 9,                   Interest Rate Benchmark Reform4
            HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7

          1
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.
          2
                Effective for business combinations and asset acquisitions for which the acquisition date is on or after the
                beginning of the first annual period beginning on or after 1 January 2020.
          3
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
          4
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020.

          In addition to the above new and amendments to HKFRSs, a revised Conceptual Framework for Financial
          Reporting was issued in 2018. Its consequential amendments, the Amendments to References to the Conceptual
          Framework in HKFRS Standards , will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2020.

          The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of the new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no
          material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.

     3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
          Standards issued by the HKICPA. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures
          required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock Exchange and by the Hong Kong
          Companies Ordinance.

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain financial
          instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in the accounting
          policies set out below.

          Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and services.




88                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
     between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is directly observable or
     estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group takes
     into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants would take those characteristics into
     account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure
     purposes in these consolidated financial statements is determined on such a basis, except for share-based
     payment transactions that are within the scope of HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment , leasing transactions that are
     accounted for in accordance with HKFRS 16 (since 1 January 2019) or HKAS 17 (before the application of HKFRS
     16), and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net realisable value
     in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets .

     A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
     economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant that
     would use the asset in its highest and best use.

     For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable inputs
     is to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so that at initial
     recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.

     In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3 based
     on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance of the
     inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

     •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity
           can access at the measurement date;

     •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the asset
           or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

     •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

     The principal accounting policies are set out below.

     Basis of consolidation

     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
     by the Company or its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

     •     has power over the investee;

     •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

     •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
     changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.




                                     Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                               89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          Basis of consolidation (Continued)

          Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
          Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
          during the year/period are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
          income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.

          Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
          to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
          Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
          balance.

          When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
          policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

          All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
          members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

          Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
          represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant
          subsidiaries upon liquidation.

          Changes in the Group’s ownership interests in existing subsidiaries
          Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the subsidiaries
          are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant components of equity
          and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative interests in the subsidiaries,
          including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-controlling interests according to the
          Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.

          Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair value of the
          consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the Company.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling
          interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the difference
          between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of any retained interest
          and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the subsidiary attributable to
          the owners of the Company. All amounts previously recognised in other comprehensive income in relation to
          that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities of the
          subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/permitted by
          applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the date when control
          is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under HKFRS 9 or, when
          applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint venture.




90                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Business combinations

     Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in a
     business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair values
     of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and
     the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-related costs are
     generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

     At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their fair
     value, except that:

     •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements are
           recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes and HKAS 19 Employee Benefits
           respectively;

     •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or share-based
           payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment arrangements of the
           acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment at the acquisition date (see the
           accounting policy below);

     •    assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets
          Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

     •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments (as
           defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except for leases for
           which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the underlying asset is of low
           value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount as the relevant lease liabilities,
           adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when compared with market terms.

     Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
     controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
     the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as at
     acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed
     exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a
     bargain purchase gain.

     Goodwill

     Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of the
     business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
     (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, which
     represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and not larger
     than an operating segment.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                             91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          Goodwill (Continued)

          A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for
          impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For goodwill
          arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units)
          to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that reporting period. If the
          recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying
          amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each
          asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

          On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of cash-
          generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount of profit or
          loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit (or a cash-generating
          unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is measured on the basis of the
          relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and the portion of the cash-generating
          unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

          The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is described below.

          Interests in associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
          participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint control over
          those policies.

          A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement have rights
          to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of an
          arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous consent of the
          parties sharing control.

          The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated
          financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates and joint
          ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of the
          Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment in an
          associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost and
          adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income of the
          associate or joint venture. Changes in net assets of the associate/joint venture other than profit or loss and other
          comprehensive income are not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held
          by the Group. When the Group’s share of losses of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in
          that associate or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s
          net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further losses.
          Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive obligations or
          made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.




92                                         Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Interests in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
     An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on which
     the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate or a joint
     venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
     assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the carrying amount of the
     investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable assets and liabilities over the
     cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit or loss in the period in which the
     investment is acquired.

     The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint venture
     may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment (including
     goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its recoverable
     amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount. Any impairment
     loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the carrying amount of the
     investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with HKAS 36 to the extent that the
     recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.

     When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture, it is
     accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being recognised in
     profit or loss.

     When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting
     from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to the Group.

     Revenue from contracts with customers
     The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the
     goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

     A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a series
     of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.

     Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
     complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

     •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance as
           the Group performs;

     •     the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group performs; or

     •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the Group has
           an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

     Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good or
     service.

     A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the
     Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                             93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

          Variable consideration
          For contracts that contain variable consideration (i.e. sales rebate), the Group estimates the amount of
          consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely amount,
          depending on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will be entitled.

          The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it
          is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when the
          uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

          At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including updating
          its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the
          circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the reporting
          period.

          Principal versus agent
          When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether the
          nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e. the Group
          is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the Group is an
          agent).

          The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is transferred to a
          customer.

          The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or service
          by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by another
          party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent, it recognises
          revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for arranging for
          the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.

          Refund liabilities
          The Group recognises a refund liability if the Group expects to refund some or all of the consideration received
          from customers.

          Sale with a right of return/exchange
          For a sale of products with a right of return/exchange for dissimilar products, the Group recognises all of the
          following:

          (a)   revenue for the transferred products in the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to be
                entitled (therefore, revenue would not be recognised for the products expected to be returned/exchanged);

          (b)   a refund liability/contract liability; and

          (c)   an asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) for its right to recover products from customers.




94                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Leases

     Definition of a lease (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)
     A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a
     period of time in exchange for consideration.

     For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application, the Group assesses whether a
     contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under HKFRS 16 at inception or modification date. Such
     contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.

     As a lessee (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)
     Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
     For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components, the
     Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone
     price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

     The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component, and
     instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease component.

     Short-term leases
     The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of properties that have a lease term of 12
     months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments on short-
     term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

     Right-of-use assets
     The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

     •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

     •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

     •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

     •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
           restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by the
           terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories.

     Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased assets
     at the end of the lease term is depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life. Otherwise,
     right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the
     lease term.

     The Group presents right-of-use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property or inventory as a
     separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position. Right-of-use assets that meet the definition
     of investment property and inventory are presented within “investment properties” and “stock of properties”
     respectively.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                             95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          Leases (Continued)

          As a lessee (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2) (Continued)
          Refundable rental deposits
          Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value. Adjustments to
          fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in the cost of right-of-use
          assets.

          Lease liabilities
          At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present value
          of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses
          the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the lease is not
          readily determinable.

          The lease payments include:

          •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

          •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate;

          •     amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees;

          •     the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group; and

          •     payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the option to
                terminate.

          After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

          The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-use assets)
          whenever the lease term has changed in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by discounting the
          revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

          The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.

          Lease modifications
          The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

          •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying assets;
                and

          •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price for the
                increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the circumstances of
                the particular contract.




96                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Leases (Continued)

     As a lessee (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2) (Continued)
     For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease liability
     based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount
     rate at the effective date of the modification.

     The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to the
     relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more additional
     lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract to each lease
     component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone
     price of the non-lease components.

     The Group as a lessee (prior to 1 January 2019)
     Leases are classified as finance leases whenever the terms of the lease transfer substantially all the risks and
     rewards of ownership to the lessee. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

     Assets held under finance leases are recognised as assets of the Group at their fair value at the inception of the
     lease or, if lower, at the present value of the minimum lease payments. The corresponding liability to the lessor is
     included in the consolidated statement of financial position as a finance lease obligation.

     Lease payments are apportioned between finance expenses and reduction of the lease obligation so as to achieve
     a constant rate of interest on the remaining balance of the liability. Finance expenses are recognised immediately
     in profit or loss, unless they are directly attributable to qualifying assets, in which case they are capitalised in
     accordance with the Group’s general policy on borrowing costs (see the accounting policy below). Contingent
     rentals are recognised as expenses in the periods in which they are incurred.

     Operating lease payments, including the cost of acquiring land held under operating leases, are recognised as
     an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Contingent rentals arising under operating leases are
     recognised as an expense in the period in which they are incurred.

     Lease incentives relating to operating leases are considered as integral part of lease payments, the aggregate
     benefit of incentives is recognised as a reduction of rental expense on a straight-line basis.

     The Group as a lessor
     Classification and measurement of leases
     Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of the
     lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to the lessee,
     the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

     Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date at amounts
     equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective leases. Initial
     direct costs (other than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are included in the initial measurement
     of the net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods so as to reflect a constant
     periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of the leases.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                            97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2019




     3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          Leases (Continued)

          The Group as a lessor (Continued)
          Classification and measurement of leases (Continued)
          Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of the
          relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the
          carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line basis over the
          lease term except for investment properties measured under fair value model.

          Interest and rental income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are presented as
          revenue.

          The Group as a lessor (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)
          Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
          When a contract includes both leases and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 to allocate
          consideration in a contract to lease and non-lease components. Non-lease components are separated from lease
          component on the basis of their relative stand-alone selling prices.

          Refundable rental deposits
          Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
          Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

          Sublease
          When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate
          contracts. The sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset arising
          from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset.

          Lease modification
          The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the
          modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the lease
          payments for the new lease.

          Sale and leaseback transactions (upon application of HKFRs 16 since 1 January 2019)
          The Group applies the requirements of HKFRS 15 to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction constitutes a
          sale by the Group.

          The Group as a buyer-lessor
          For a transfer of asset that does not satisfy the requirements of HKFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of asset,
          the Group as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and recognises a loan receivable equal to the
          transfer proceeds within the scope of HKFRS 9.




98                                         Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Leases (Continued)

     The Group as a lessor (upon application of HKFRS 16 in accordance with transitions in note 2)
     (Continued)
     Sale and leaseback transactions (prior to 1 January 2019)
     The accounting treatment of a sale and leaseback transaction depends on the type of lease involved. The
     leaseback may be a finance lease if it meets the condition that substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
     remain with the lessee, or it may be an operating lease (in which case, some significant risks and rewards of
     ownership have been transferred to the purchaser).

     The Group as a buyer-lessor
     For sale and leaseback transactions which are in substance a financing arrangement under HKFRS 9, the Group as
     a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and recognises a finance lease receivable equal to the net
     investment in the lease.

     Foreign currencies

     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
     functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the
     dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies
     are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair value that are denominated
     in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when the fair value was determined. Non-
     monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.

     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items, are
     recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

     For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
     operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB), using exchange rates prevailing
     at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the average exchange rates
     for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period, in which case, the exchange rates
     prevailing at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences arising, if any, are recognised in other
     comprehensive income and accumulated in equity under the heading of the exchange reserve.

     The change in presentation currency of the Company was applied retrospectively, as if the new presentation
     currency had always been applied.

     Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign
     operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate of exchange
     prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in other comprehensive
     income.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                            99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Borrowing costs

           Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, which are
           assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are added to
           the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale.

           Effective from 1 January 2019, any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready
           for its intended use or sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on
           general borrowings. Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their
           expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

           All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.

           Government grants

           Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the
           conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

           Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group
           recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically,
           government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire
           non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of financial position and
           transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

           Government grants that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for the purpose
           of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss in
           the period in which they become receivable.

           The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant, measured
           as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing market interest
           rates.

           Retirement benefit costs

           Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans, including state-managed retirement benefit schemes,
           the Occupational Retirement Scheme and the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme, are recognised as an expense
           when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.




100                                         Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Short-term employee benefits

     Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid as
     and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an expense unless
     another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

     A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries) after deducting any
     amount already paid.

     Share-based payment arrangements

     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
     Share options granted to employees
     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees and others providing similar services are measured at the fair
     value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
     consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based
     on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity
     (share option reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number of equity
     instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The impact
     of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such that the cumulated expense
     reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share option reserve.

     When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to
     share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not exercised at the expiry
     date, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to accumulated profits.

     Share award
     For share award schemes, the fair value of services received, determined by reference to the fair value of
     awarded shares granted at the grant date, is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, with a
     corresponding increase in share award reserve. The cost of acquisition of the Company’s share held for the share
     award scheme is recorded as treasury shares (shares held for share award scheme). At the time when the awarded
     shares are vested, the amount previously recognised in share award reserve and the amount of the relevant
     treasury shares will be transferred to accumulated profits.

     At the end of each reporting period, the Group revisits its estimates of the number of awarded shares that
     are expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the estimates during the vesting period, if any, is
     recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share award reserve.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Taxation

           Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

           The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year/period. Taxable profit differs from profit before
           taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never
           taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

           Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities in the
           consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of tax profit. Deferred
           tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets are generally
           recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable profits will be
           available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised. Such deferred tax assets and
           liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from goodwill or from the initial recognition (other
           than in a business combination) of other assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
           nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises
           from the initial recognition of goodwill.

           Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries
           and associates, and interest in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the
           temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future.
           Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments and interests
           are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to
           utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.

           The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
           extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the asset
           to be recovered.

           Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
           which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
           substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

           The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from the
           manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount
           of its assets and liabilities.

           For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-
           use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable
           to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.




102                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Taxation (Continued)

     For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
     HKAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences
     on initial recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised due to application
     of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences arising from subsequent revision to the carrying
     amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease liabilities and lease
     modifications, that are not subject to initial recognition exemption are recognised on the date of remeasurement
     or modification.

     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
     against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority and the
     Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

     Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are recognised in
     other comprehensive income or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised
     in other comprehensive income or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from
     the initial accounting for a business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business
     combination.

     Property, plant and equipment

     Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or
     services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below). Property, plant
     and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less subsequent accumulated
     depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

     Properties which comprise a portion that is held to earn rentals and another significant portion that is held for
     use in the production or supply of goods or for administration purposes, and the portion of properties rent out
     under operating lease cannot be sold out separately (or cannot be leased out separately under a finance lease),
     are accounted for as property, plant and equipment.

     Construction in progress includes property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for production,
     supply or administrative purposes are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss. Costs include
     professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the Group’s
     accounting policy. Construction in progress is classified to the appropriate categories of property, plant and
     equipment when completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other
     property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.




                                     Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                             103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

           Ownership interests in leasehold land and building
           When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which includes both leasehold land and
           building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building elements in
           proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition.

           To the extent the allocation of the relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land that is
           accounted for as an operating lease is presented as “right-of-use assets” (upon application of HKFRS 16) or
           “prepaid lease payments on land use rights” (before application of HKFRS 16) in the consolidated statement of
           financial position. When the consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and
           undivided interest in the underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and
           equipment.

           Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than construction in progress, less their
           residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful lives, residual
           values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes
           in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

           An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
           are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
           of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and the
           carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

           Investment properties

           Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

           Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure. Subsequent
           to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated depreciation and any
           accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of investment properties
           over their estimated useful lives and after taking into account of their estimated residual value, using the straight-
           line method.

           An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
           withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Any gain or loss arising on
           derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying
           amount of the asset) is included in the profit or loss in the period in which the property is derecognised.




104                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Intangible assets

     Intangible assets acquired separately
     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
     amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful lives
     is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortisation
     method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
     accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives that are acquired separately are
     carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
     Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of an
     internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

     •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

     •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

     •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

     •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

     •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to use
           or sell the intangible asset; and

     •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

     The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
     from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally-
     generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is charged to profit or loss in the period
     in which it is incurred.

     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible asset are reported at cost less accumulated
     amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
     separately.

     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
     Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are initially
     recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

     Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful lives
     are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.




                                      Annual Report 2019      Skyworth Group Limited                                         105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Intangible assets (Continued)

           Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (Continued)
           An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from use or
           disposal. Gains and losses arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference between
           the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss when the asset is
           derecognised.

           Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment and investment property
           measured at cost (“tangible assets”), right-of-use assets and intangible assets
           other than goodwill

           At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its tangible assets, right-of-use
           assets and intangible assets with finite useful lives to determine whether there is any indication that those assets
           have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is
           estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful
           lives and intangible assets not yet available for use are tested for impairment at least annually, and whenever
           there is an indication that they may be impaired.

           The recoverable amount of tangible assets, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are estimated individually.
           When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the recoverable
           amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs. In addition, corporate assets are allocated to
           individual cash generating units when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or
           otherwise they are allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent
           allocation basis can be established. The Group assesses whether there is indication that corporate assets may be
           impaired. If such indication exists, the recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group
           of cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the
           relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.

           Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
           the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
           current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating
           unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

           If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount,
           the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount. For corporate
           assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis to a cash-
           generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units, including the
           carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group of cash-generating
           units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the
           impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the
           other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash
           generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of
           disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would
           otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of
           cash generating units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.




106                                         Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment and investment property
     measured at cost (“tangible assets”), right-of-use assets and intangible assets
     other than goodwill (Continued)

     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or
     a group of cash generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
     the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
     impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash generating units) in
     prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

     Inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a
     weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all
     estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.

     Stock of properties

     Stock of completed properties/properties under development which are intended to be sold upon completion of
     development and for sale are classified as current assets. Except for the leasehold land element which is measured
     at cost model in accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use assets upon the application of HKFRS 16,
     stock of completed properties/properties under development are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable
     value. Cost is determined on a specific identification basis including allocation of the related development
     expenditure incurred and where appropriate, borrowing costs capitalised. Net realisable value represents the
     estimated selling price for the properties less estimated cost to completion and costs necessary to make the sales.

     Properties under development are transferred to completed properties upon completion.

     Provision for warranty

     Provision for warranty is recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a result of
     a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation and a reliable estimate can be
     made of the amount of obligation.

     The amount recognised as provision for warranty is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle the
     present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties surrounding
     the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the present obligation, its
     carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time value of money is material).

     Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant sale of goods
     legislation are recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the directors’ best estimate of the
     expenditure required to settle the Group’s obligation.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                             107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Financial instruments

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
           provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised and
           derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that
           require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.

           Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from
           contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs that are
           directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
           or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial
           liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial
           assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

           The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
           liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
           rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
           paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or
           discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
           period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

           Interest income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are presented as revenue.

           Financial assets
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

           •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows; and

           •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                 interest on the principal amount outstanding.

           Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

           •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and collecting
                 contractual cash flows; and

           •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                 interest on the principal amount outstanding.




108                                         Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)
     Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
     All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at the date of initial application of
     HKFRS 9/initial recognition of a financial asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in
     fair value of an equity investment in other comprehensive income (“OCI”) if that equity investment is neither held
     for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3
     Business Combinations applies.

     A financial asset is held for trading if:

     •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

     •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
           together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

     •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

     In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that are required to be measured at the
     amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
     mismatch.

     (i)   Amortised cost and interest income
           Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently
           at amortised cost and debt instruments subsequently measured at FVTOCI. Interest income is calculated
           by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for
           financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have
           subsequently become credit-impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate
           to the amortised cost of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-
           impaired financial instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest
           income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial
           asset from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer
           credit impaired.




                                      Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                           109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)
           Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
           (ii)    Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
                   Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and losses
                   arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve; and are not
                   subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to profit or loss on
                   disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.

                   Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the Group’s
                   right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery of part of the
                   cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “other income” line item in profit or loss.

           (iii)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                   Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or designated
                   as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                   Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any fair value
                   gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss excludes any
                   dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other gains and losses” line item.

           Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
           The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets which
           are subject to impairment under HKFRS 9 (including loan receivables, investments in debt securities, trade
           receivables, finance lease receivables, other receivables, pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits and
           bank balances). The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
           recognition.

           Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
           relevant instrument. In contrast, 12 months ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
           expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessment
           are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
           debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date as
           well as the forecast of future conditions.




110                                         Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)
     Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
     (Continued)
     The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and finance lease receivables. The ECL on these
     assets are assessed individually for debtors with significant balances and/or collectively using a provision matrix
     with appropriate groupings.

     For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has been
     a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, the Group recognises lifetime ECL. The assessment of
     whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the likelihood or risk of a default
     occurring since initial recognition.

     (i)   Significant increase in credit risk
           In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group compares
           the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
           occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this assessment, the
           Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including
           historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

           In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
           increased significantly:

           •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available) or
                 internal credit rating;

           •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in the
                 credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

           •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected to
                 cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

           •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

           •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                 environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt
                 obligations.

           Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
           significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless the
           Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.




                                    Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                             111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)
           Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
           (Continued)
           (i)     Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                   Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased
                   significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
                   reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default, ii) the
                   borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and iii) adverse
                   changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the
                   ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a debt instrument
                   to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of “investment grade” as per globally
                   understood definitions.

                   The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                   significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable of
                   identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.

           (ii)    Definition of default
                   For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information
                   developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its
                   creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals held by the Group).

                   Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more than
                   90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that a more
                   lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

           (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
                   A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact
                   on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
                   credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                   (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                   (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                   (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s financial
                         difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not otherwise
                         consider;

                   (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

                   (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.




112                                          Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2019
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial assets (Continued)
     Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
     (Continued)
     (iv)   Write-off policy
            The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in severe
            financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the counterparty has
            been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off may
            still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account legal
            advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries are
            recognised in profit or loss.

     (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL
            The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude of
            the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default and
            loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of ECL
            reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks of default
            occurring as the weights.

            Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
            accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
            effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. For a lease receivable, the cash flows used for
            determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in accordance
            with HKFRS 16 (since 1 January 2019) or HKAS 17 (prior to 1 January 2019).

            Where ECL is measured on a collective basis or cater for cases where evidence at the individual instrument
            level may not yet be available, the financial instruments are grouped on the following basis:

            •     Nature of financial instruments;

            •     Past-due status;

            •     Nature, size and industry of debtors; and

            •     External credit ratings where available.

            The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue to
            share similar credit risk characteristics.




                                     Annual Report 2019      Skyworth Group Limited                                          113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial assets (Continued)
           Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9
           (Continued)
           (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)
                 Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial
                 asset is credit impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost of the financial
                 asset.

                 The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting
                 their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables and loan receivables where the corresponding
                 adjustment is recognised through a loss allowance account.

           Derecognition of financial assets
           The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire,
           or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the asset to
           another entity. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of a transferred financial
           asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a collateralised borrowing for the
           proceeds received.

           On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
           amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

           On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition to
           measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation reserve is
           not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated profits.

           Financial liabilities and equity
           Classification as debt or equity
           Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with the
           substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity instrument.




114                                         Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     Financial instruments (Continued)

     Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting all
     of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds received, net of direct
     issue costs.

     Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No gain
     or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own equity
     instruments.

     Financial liabilities
     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at
     FVTPL.

     Financial liabilities at FVTPL
     Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an
     acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated as at
     FVTPL.

     A financial liability is held for trading if:

     •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

     •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group manages
           together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

     •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and effective
           hedging instrument.

     For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial
     liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in other comprehensive
     income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive income
     would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial
     liability’s credit risk that are recognised in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified to profit
     or loss; instead, they are transferred to accumulated profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.




                                        Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                           115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           Financial instruments (Continued)

           Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
           Financial liabilities at amortised cost
           Financial liabilities including trade payables, other payables, bills payable, amount due to a non-controlling
           shareholder of a subsidiary, borrowings, corporate bonds and other financial liabilities are subsequently measured
           at amortised cost, using the effective interest method.

           Derivative financial instruments
           Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and are
           subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss is
           recognised in profit or loss.

           Convertible bonds

           A conversion option that will be settled other than by the exchange of a fixed amount of cash or another financial
           asset for a fixed number of the Group’s own equity instruments is a conversion option derivative.

           At the date of issue, both the debt component and derivative components are recognised at fair value. In
           subsequent periods, the debt component of the convertible bonds is carried at amortised cost using the effective
           interest method. The derivative component is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit
           or loss.

           Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible bonds are allocated to the debt and derivative
           components in proportion to their relative fair values. Transaction costs relating to the derivative component
           are charged to profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs relating to the debt component are included in the
           carrying amount of the debt portion and amortised over the period of the convertible bonds using the effective
           interest method.

           Derecognition of financial liabilities
           The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
           cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognised and
           the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.




116                                         Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company
     are required to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
     readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
     and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
     are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
     period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
     at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Write-down for inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable values. As at 31 December 2019, the carrying
     amount of inventories is RMB4,909 million (2018: RMB6,031 million). During the year ended 31 December 2019,
     an expense of RMB163 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB46 million) was recognised in
     profit or loss to write-down the cost of inventories to their net realisable values.

     At the end of each reporting period, management carries out the assessment of write-down of inventories
     by comparing the carrying amounts of inventories with the net realisable values. The net realisable values are
     primarily made reference to the estimated selling prices, less the estimated cost to completion, as appropriate.
     Moreover, management also reviews the usability and saleability of inventories by product types at the end of
     reporting period, and writes-down for slow moving inventories. The identification of slow moving inventories
     is based on the inventory ageing and recent or subsequent usages/sales. The assessment of write-down for
     inventories requires significant management judgement in determining estimated selling prices, estimated cost to
     completion, and reviewing the usability and saleability of inventories. If the estimates are inaccurate, write-down
     for inventories may increase or decrease accordingly.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Fair value measurement of financial instruments

           The Group’s unlisted equity instruments at FVTPL and unlisted equity instruments at FVTOCI amounting to
           RMB612 million and RMB1,402 million (2018: RMB390 million and RMB1,494 million), respectively, are measured
           at fair values with fair values being determined based on unobserved inputs using valuation techniques. In
           estimating the fair value of unlisted equity securities, the Group engaged independent qualified external valuers
           to perform the valuation and worked with the independent qualified external valuers to establish inputs to the
           valuation. The fair value of unlisted equity instruments was mainly arrived at by using market approach. The
           valuations are dependent on certain significant unobservable inputs that involve judgements, including trading
           multiples of comparable companies and discounts for lack of marketability. Judgement and estimation are
           required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions
           relating to these factors could affect the reported fair values of these instruments. See note 55(c) for further
           disclosures.

           Estimated provision of ECL for trade receivables

           The Group uses provision matrix, through grouping of various debtors that have similar loss patterns, after
           considering internal credit ratings, repayment history and/or past due status of respective trade receivables,
           to calculate ECL for its trade receivables. The estimated loss rates are based the average of market corporate
           default rates taking into consideration forward-looking information that is reasonable, supportable and available
           without undue costs. At every reporting date, the estimated loss rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-
           looking information are considered. In addition, trade receivables with significant balances and credit impaired are
           assessed for ECL individually with reference to the historical settlement experience, subsequent settlements, future
           expected settlement plan, business relationship with the customers and credit assessment of customers.

           The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
           receivables are disclosed in notes 55(b) and 31 respectively.




118                                         Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019




5.   REVENUE
     (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers, rental and
           interest

           For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                             Smart
                                                                           systems         Smart          Modern
                                                    Multimedia          technology     appliances     services and
                                                      business             business      business           others        Total
                                                   RMB million         RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million
            Type of goods
            Smart TV systems                            19,555                 198               –            112         19,865
            Home access systems                             12               6,256               –              –          6,268
            Smart white appliances                         100                   –           4,016              2          4,118
            Intelligent manufacturing                       44               1,684               –              –          1,728
            Internet valued-added services of
               Coocaa system                                  826                –               –              –            826
            Sales of properties                                 –                –               –            528            528
            Automotive electronic systems                       –               55               –              –             55
            Others (Note (2))                                 968            1,346             279            821          3,414
            Contracts with customers (Note (3))         21,505               9,539           4,295          1,463         36,802
            Rental                                           –                  59               –            349            408
            Interest (Note (4))                              –                   –               –             67             67
            Segment revenue                             21,505               9,598           4,295          1,879         37,277




                                         Annual Report 2019         Skyworth Group Limited                                         119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      5.   REVENUE (Continued)
           (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers, rental and
                 interest (Continued)

                 For the nine months ended 31 December 2018 (restated) (Note (1))

                                                                                    Smart
                                                                                  systems         Smart       Modern
                                                               Multimedia     technology     appliances   services and
                                                                 business        business      business         others         Total
                                                              RMB million    RMB million    RMB million   RMB million     RMB million
                   Type of goods
                   Smart TV systems                                 17,725             –              –             –         17,725
                   Home access systems                                   –         4,938              –             –          4,938
                   Smart white appliances                                –             –          2,101             –          2,101
                   Intelligent manufacturing                            27           799              –             –            826
                   Internet valued-added services of
                      Coocaa system                                   447              –             –              –            447
                   Sales of properties                                  –              –             –            778            778
                   Automotive electronic systems                        –            129             –              –            129
                   Others (Note (2))                                  439            667           212          1,474          2,792
                   Contracts with customers (Note (3))              18,638         6,533          2,313         2,252         29,736
                   Rental                                                8            40              –           224            272
                   Interest (Note (4))                                   –             –              –           184            184
                   Segment revenue                                  18,646         6,573          2,313         2,660         30,192


                 Notes:


                 (1)      In the current year, the Group reorganised its internal reporting structure which resulted in changes to the
                          composition of its reportable segments and groupings on types of goods. Details of the change is set out in
                          note 6 to the consolidated financial statements. Prior period segment disclosures have been represented to
                          confirm with the current year’s presentation.


                 (2)      Others mainly represents manufacture and sales of lighting products, security system and other electronic
                          products, etc. and trading of other products.


                 (3)      Except for certain revenue generated from internet valued-added services of Coocaa system which is
                          recognised over time, the revenue from sales of goods are recognised at a point in time under HKFRS 15.


                 (4)      Interest represents interest income from loan receivables and finance lease receivables amounted to RMB67
                          million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB184 million), under group entities in which the
                          loan financing is a principal activity.




120                                             Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers

         Manufacture and sales of goods
         The Group manufactures and sells smart TV systems, home access systems (mainly digital set-top boxes),
         smart white appliances, intelligent manufacturing (mainly LCD modules), automotive electronic systems,
         lighting products, security system and other electronic products etc. and trading of other products, to the
         customers or directly to retail customers either through its own retail outlets and through internet sales.

         For sales to the customers, revenue is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when
         the goods have been shipped to the customer’s specific location (delivery). Following delivery, the customers
         has full discretion over the manner of distribution and price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility
         when on selling the goods and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods.

         Sales of smart TV system, intelligent manufacturing, smart white appliances, automotive electronic systems,
         lighting products, security system and other electronic products etc. in the PRC are generally settled by
         payment on delivery or bills issued by banks with maturity dates ranging from 90 to 180 days. Sales to
         certain retailers in the PRC are made with credit terms of one to two months after sales. Certain district
         sales managers in the PRC are authorised to make credit sales for payment at 30 to 60 days up to a limited
         amount which is determined based on the sales volume of the respective offices.

         For sales of home access systems, the credit terms are normally ranging from 90 to 270 days.

         Export sales of the Group are mainly by letters of credit with credit term ranging from 30 to 90 days.

         For sales to retail customers through the Group’s own retail outlets, revenue is recognised when control
         of the goods has transferred, being at the point the customer purchases the goods at the retail outlet.
         Payment of the transaction price is due immediately at the point the customer purchases the goods.

         For sales to retail customers through internet sales, revenue is recognised when control of the goods has
         transferred to the customer, being at the point the goods are delivered to the customer. Delivery occurs
         when the goods have been shipped to the customer’s specific location. When the customer initially
         purchases the goods online the transaction price received by the Group is recognised as a contract liability
         until the goods have been delivered to the customer.




                                  Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                             121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      5.   REVENUE (Continued)
           (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)

                 Manufacture and sales of goods (Continued)
                 The amount of consideration the Group receives and revenue the Group recognises varies with changes in
                 sales rebates the Group offers to the customers. The Group estimates the sales rebates based on analysis of
                 historical experience, and adjusts for the most likely amount of consideration to be received. Revenue from
                 these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract, net of the estimated rebates which
                 is estimated based on experience. Revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a
                 significant reversal will not occur. Refund liabilities (included in other payables) is recognised for expected
                 rebates to customers in relation to sales made at the end of the reporting period. No element of financing is
                 deemed present as the sales rebates are payable on demand from customers.

                 Under the Group’s standard contract terms, customers have a right to exchange for dissimilar products
                 within 30 days. The Group uses its accumulated historical experience to estimate the number of exchange
                 on a portfolio level using the expected value method. Revenue is recognised for sales which are considered
                 highly probable that a significant reversal in the cumulative revenue recognised will not occur. A contract
                 liability is recognised for sales in which revenue has yet been recognised. The directors considered that there
                 will have no significant reversal of revenue as of the end of the reporting period for exchange of products.

                 Sales-related warranties associated with electronic products cannot be purchased separately and they serve
                 as an assurance that the products sold comply with agreed-upon specifications. Accordingly, the Group
                 accounts for warranties in accordance with HKAS 37 Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent
                 Assets .

                 Sales of properties
                 For contracts entered into with customers on sales of properties, the relevant properties specified in the
                 contracts are based on customer’s specifications with no alternative use. Taking into consideration of the
                 relevant contract terms, the legal environment and relevant legal precedent, the directors of the Company
                 considered that the Group does not have an enforceable right to payment prior to transfer of the relevant
                 properties to customers. Revenue from sales of properties is therefore recognised at a point in time when
                 the completed property is transferred to customers, being at the point that the customer obtains the control
                 of the completed property and the Group has present right to payment and collection of the consideration
                 is probable.




122                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2019




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)

         Sales of properties (Continued)
         The Group receives 30% to 70% of the contract value as deposits from customers when they sign the sale
         and purchase agreement. Such advance payment schemes result in contract liabilities being recognised
         throughout the property construction period for the full amount of the contract price.

         The Group considers the advance payment schemes do not contain significant financing component and
         accordingly the amount of consideration is not adjusted for the effects of the time value of money taking
         into consideration the credit characteristics of the Group.

         The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to obtain a contract if these
         costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to profit or loss within one year.

         Trading of other products
         For trading of other products, revenue is recognised when control of the goods has transferred to the
         customer, being at the point the goods are delivered to the customers’ specific location. The credit terms
         are normally ranging from 120 to 270 days.

     (iii) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for
           contracts with customers

         The expected timing of recognising revenue on transaction price related to the performance obligations
         (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 is within one year. As permitted
         under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.




                                 Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                          123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION
           The Group is organised into operating business units according to the nature of the goods sold or services
           provided. The Group determines its operating segments based on these business units by reference to the goods
           sold or services provided, for the purpose of reporting to the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) (i.e. the
           executive directors of the Company). In the current year, the Group reorganised its internal reporting structure
           which resulted in changes to the composition of its reportable segments. The purpose of the change is to align to
           CODM’s current review on each business units to be consistent with the Group’s overall strategic direction, and
           the changes mainly include combining manufacturing and sales of different products into multimedia business
           segment, smart systems technology business segment and smart appliances business segment as described below.
           Prior period segment disclosures have been represented to conform to the current year’s presentation.

           Specifically, the Group’s operating and reportable segments under HKFRS 8 are as follows:

           1.    Multimedia business                   –    manufacture and sale of smart TV systems and lighting products
                                                             for the PRC and overseas markets and provision and sales of
                                                             internet valued-added services of Coocaa system

           2.    Smart systems technology business     –    manufacture and sale of home access systems, intelligent
                                                             manufacturing, automotive electronic systems, security system
                                                             and other electronic products

           3.    Smart appliances business             –    manufacture and sale of smart white appliances and
                                                             other smart appliances

           In addition to the above reportable segments, the Group has other operating segments which mainly include
           sales of properties, loan financing and trading of other products etc. These operating segments individually do
           not meet any of the quantitative thresholds for determining reportable segments. Accordingly, these operating
           segments are grouped as “Modern service and others”.




124                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment revenue and results

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:

     For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                 Smart
                                                               systems       Smart        Total    Modern
                                                 Multimedia technology appliances reportable services and
                                                   business    business   business    segments      others Eliminations      Total
                                                RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million
      Revenue
      Segment revenue from external customers       21,505       9,598       4,295       35,398       1,879           –      37,277
      Inter-segment revenue                            144         199          85          428       3,837      (4,265)          –
      Total segment revenue                         21,649       9,797       4,380       35,826       5,716      (4,265)     37,277
      Results
      Segment results (Note)                           360         723         101        1,184        646            –       1,830
      Interest income                                                                                                           241
      Other gains or losses                                                                                                     250
      Unallocated corporate income                                                                                               25
      Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                           (335)
      Finance costs                                                                                                            (484)
      Share of results of associates                                                                                             21
      Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                          5
      Consolidated profit before taxation
       of the Group                                                                                                           1,553




                                            Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                               125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Segment revenue and results (Continued)

           For the nine months ended 31 December 2018 (restated)

                                                                             Smart
                                                                           systems         Smart         Total       Modern
                                                         Multimedia    technology     appliances    reportable   services and
                                                           business       business      business     segments          others   Eliminations        Total
                                                        RMB million   RMB million    RMB million   RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
             Revenue
             Segment revenue from external customers        18,646          6,573         2,313        27,532          2,660              –        30,192
             Inter-segment revenue                              39            209           288           536          2,999         (3,535)            –
             Total segment revenue                          18,685          6,782         2,601        28,068          5,659         (3,535)       30,192
             Results
             Segment results (Note)                            403            247            52           702            161              –           863
             Interest income                                                                                                                          106
             Other gains or losses                                                                                                                    (16)
             Unallocated corporate income                                                                                                             251
             Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                                          (230)
             Finance costs                                                                                                                           (335)
             Share of results of associates                                                                                                             9
             Consolidated profit before taxation
              of the Group                                                                                                                            648


           Note: No inter-segment transactions have been included in measuring the segment results.

           The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described
           in note 3. Segment results represent the profit earned by each segment without allocation of interest income,
           certain other gains or losses, certain corporate income and expenses, finance costs and share of results of
           associates and joint ventures. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation
           and performance assessment.




126                                                Skyworth Group Limited            Annual Report 2019
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment assets and liabilities

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by reportable segments:

     As at 31 December 2019

                                                                       Smart
                                                                     systems          Smart           Total        Modern
                                                   Multimedia     technology      appliances     reportable    services and
                                                     business        business       business      segments           others         Total
                                                  RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million     RMB million
      Assets
      Segment assets                                   12,273           8,410          1,996         22,679         14,865          37,544
      Goodwill                                                                                                                         410
      Interests in associates                                                                                                          196
      Interests in joint ventures                                                                                                       19
      Unallocated corporate assets                                                                                                   9,369
      Total consolidated assets                                                                                                     47,538
      Liabilities
      Segment liabilities                               4,128           4,137          1,650          9,915           7,155         17,070
      Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                                                             12,325
      Total consolidated liabilities                                                                                                29,395


     As at 31 December 2018 (restated)

                                                                         Smart
                                                                       systems          Smart          Total        Modern
                                                    Multimedia     technology      appliances     reportable    services and
                                                      business        business       business      segments           others         Total
                                                   RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million     RMB million
      Assets
      Segment assets                                   14,439           7,244          2,242         23,925         14,240          38,165
      Goodwill                                                                                                                         384
      Interests in associates                                                                                                           79
      Interests in joint ventures                                                                                                       22
      Unallocated corporate assets                                                                                                   6,510
      Total consolidated assets                                                                                                     45,160
      Liabilities
      Segment liabilities                               6,021           4,124          1,967         12,112           6,415         18,527
      Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                                                              9,278
      Total consolidated liabilities                                                                                                27,805




                                          Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                                       127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)
           For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources among segments:

           •         all assets other than inter-segment assets are allocated to reportable segments other than goodwill,
                     interests in associates and joint ventures, equity instruments at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI,
                     deferred tax assets, investments in debt securities, financial assets at FVTPL, prepaid tax, pledged bank
                     deposits, restricted bank deposits, and bank balances and cash; and

           •         all liabilities other than inter-segment liabilities are allocated to reportable segments other than derivative
                     financial instruments, tax liabilities, borrowings, deferred income, corporate bonds, convertible bonds and
                     deferred tax liabilities.

           Other segment information

           For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                                       Smart
                                                                                     systems         Smart          Total       Modern
                                                                    Multimedia    technology     appliances    reportable   services and
                                                                      business       business      business     segments          others        Total
                                                                   RMB million   RMB million    RMB million   RMB million   RMB million    RMB million
               Included in measure of segment results or
                 segment assets:

               Amortisation of intangible assets                            1              –              –            1              –             1
               Capital expenditure on
                 – Property, plant and equipment                          269            206           129           604            629          1,233
                 – Right-of-use assets                                     38             33             –            71             64            135
               Depreciation of property, plant and equipment               78            152            67           297            214            511
               Depreciation of right-of-use assets                         44             23             1            68             68            136
               Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment            6              –             –             6              –              6
               Impairment loss recognised in respect of
                 investments in debt securities                              –             –              –             –             8             8
               Impairment loss recognised in respect of
                 trade receivables                                         15             91             4           110              –           110
               Impairment loss recognised in respect of
                 loan receivables                                            –             –              –             –            35            35
               Impairment loss recognised in respect of
                 other receivables                                           –             –              –             –            67            67
               Impairment loss recognised in respect of
                 finance lease receivables                                  –              –             –             –              3             3
               Write-down of inventories                                   93             41             4           138             25           163




128                                                        Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2019
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2019




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Other segment information (Continued)

     For the nine months ended 31 December 2018 (restated)

                                                                                Smart
                                                                              systems         Smart          Total       Modern
                                                            Multimedia    technology     appliances     reportable   services and
                                                              business       business      business      segments          others        Total
                                                           RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million   RMB million    RMB million
      Included in measure of segment results or
        segment assets:

      Amortisation of intangible assets                             2              –             –              2              –             2
      Capital expenditure on
        – Property, plant and equipment                           222            180            93            495            365           860
        – Prepaid lease payments on land use rights                 –              –             –              –             63            63
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                72            101            41            214            130           344
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment            25              2             –             27              –            27
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        investments in debt securities                              –              –             –              –             34            34
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        trade receivables                                          14             83             –             97              –            97
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        loan receivables                                            –              –             –              –            131           131
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        other receivables                                           9              1             –             10              1            11
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        finance lease receivables                                   –              –             –              –              4             4
      Release of prepaid lease payments on
        land use rights                                             6              1             1              8             42            50
      Write-down of inventories                                    24             16             4             44              2            46




                                                  Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                                   129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Geographical information

           The Group’s operations are located in the PRC, Asia region (other than the PRC), America, Europe and other
           regions.

           For segments other than sales of properties included in modern service and others, the Group’s geographical
           analysis of revenue from external customers is determined based on the location of customers. For the sales of
           properties included in modern service and others, the Group’s revenue from external customers is determined
           based on the location of assets. Information about its non-current assets by physical location of the assets is also
           detailed below.

                                                                        Revenue from                        Non-current
                                                                     external customers                    assets (Note 1)
                                                                                Nine months
                                                                  Year ended          ended              As at              As at
                                                                31 December     31 December       31 December        31 December
                                                                        2019           2018              2019               2018
                                                                 RMB million     RMB million       RMB million        RMB million
             PRC                                                      26,006           22,279              9,823             9,050
             Asia region (other than the PRC) (Note 2)                 6,115            4,410                643               747
             America                                                     709              372                  –                 –
             Europe                                                    1,637              970                 17                16
             Other regions                                             2,810            2,161                 72                30
                                                                      37,277           30,192             10,555             9,843


           Notes:


           1.       Non-current assets excluded equity instruments at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI, finance lease receivables,
                    loan receivables and deferred tax assets.


           2.       Asia region (other than PRC) includes Vietnam, Indonesia, India, etc, which individually contributed less than 10%
                    of total revenue.

           Information about major customers
           There was no customer who individually accounted for over 10% of the total revenue during both year/period.




130                                            Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




7.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                       Nine months
                                                                                      Year ended             ended
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                     RMB million        RMB million
      Dividend income from unlisted investments                                                15                 1
      Government grants (note 43)
        – related to assets                                                                   141                53
        – related to expense items                                                            231               166

                                                                                              372               219
      Interest income from
         – bank deposits                                                                       90                52
         – investments in debt securities                                                       3                 1
         – loan receivables                                                                   148                53

                                                                                              241               106
      Repairs and maintenance income                                                            1                10
      Value-added-tax (“VAT”) refund                                                          296               227
      Sales of scrap and raw materials and accessories                                         54                24
      Others                                                                                   92                41
                                                                                            1,071               628


8.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT LOSS RECOGNISED IN
     RESPECT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
     (a) Other gains and losses

                                                                                                       Nine months
                                                                                      Year ended             ended
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                            2019              2018
                                                                                     RMB million        RMB million
            Other gains and losses comprise of:

            Exchange gain, net                                                                 59                67
            (Loss) gain from change in fair value of derivative
              financial instruments (notes 38 and 44)                                        (137)               10
            Gain on disposal of a joint venture (note 23)                                       3                 1
            Gain (loss) from changes in fair value of equity
              instruments at FVTPL (note 24)                                                  387               (26)
            Loss on disposal of a subsidiary (note 50)                                          –               (30)
            Loss on disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                            (31)                –
            Loss on disposal of land use rights (note 19)                                       –                (8)
            Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                  (6)              (27)
                                                                                              275               (13)




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                         131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      8.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT LOSS RECOGNISED IN
           RESPECT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
           (b) Impairment loss recognised in respect of financial assets

                                                                                                             Nine months
                                                                                               Year ended          ended
                                                                                             31 December     31 December
                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                              RMB million     RMB million
                   Impairment loss recognised in respect of financial
                     assets comprise of:

                   Impairment loss recognised in respect of finance lease receivables                  (3)             (4)
                   Impairment loss recognised in respect of investments in
                     debt securities                                                                   (8)           (34)
                   Impairment loss recognised in respect of loan receivables                          (35)          (131)
                   Impairment loss recognised in respect of other receivables                         (67)           (11)
                   Impairment loss recognised in respect of trade receivables                        (110)           (97)
                                                                                                     (223)          (277)


      9.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                             Nine months
                                                                                               Year ended          ended
                                                                                             31 December     31 December
                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                              RMB million     RMB million
             Interest on customer deposits from associates                                             –               7
             Interest on corporate bonds                                                             111              83
             Interest on convertible bonds                                                            36               –
             Interest on borrowings                                                                  315             235
             Imputed interest expenses on other financial liabilities (note 36(c))                    14              10
             Interest expense on lease liabilities                                                     8               –
                                                                                                     484             335




132                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                                            Nine months
                                                                                         Year ended               ended
                                                                                       31 December          31 December
                                                                                               2019                2018
                                                                                        RMB million          RMB million
    PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)
      Current year/period                                                                         308               232
      Overprovision in prior years                                                                  –                (8)
                                                                                                  308               224
    PRC withholding tax                                                                             26               53
    Hong Kong Profits Tax
      Current year/period                                                                            5                7
    Taxation arising in other jurisdictions
      Current year/period                                                                            6                2
    Land appreciation tax (“LAT”)                                                                   14               25
    Deferred taxation (note 26)                                                                   163              (216)
                                                                                                  522                95


   On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
   2017 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
   March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2
   million of profits of qualifying corporations will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed
   at 16.5%. The profits of corporations not qualifying for the two tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be
   taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

   Accordingly, the Hong Kong profits tax of the qualifying group entity is calculated at 8.25% on the first HK$2
   million of the estimated assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits above HK$2 million.

   Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate of
   the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for the year/period. For those PRC subsidiaries approved as High and New Technology
   Enterprise by the relevant government authorities, they are subject to a preferential rate of 15%.

   LAT is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value, being the proceeds
   of sales of properties less deductible expenditures including cost of land use right and all property development
   expenditures.

   Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rate prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.

   Deferred tax is recognised based on the tax rates that are expected to apply to the year/period when the asset is
   realised or the liability is settled. Details of deferred taxation are set out in note 26.




                                    Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                          133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
           According to a joint circular of Ministry of Finance and State Administration of Taxation, Cai Shui [2008] No. 1,
           dividend distributed out of the profits generated since 1 January 2008 by the PRC entity shall be subject to EIT
           pursuant to Articles 3 and 27 of the EIT Law of the PRC and Article 91 of the Implementation Rules of EIT Law
           of the PRC. RMB26 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB53 million) of the previously
           provided deferred tax had been reversed and charged as current tax upon distributions by the PRC subsidiaries
           during the year ended 31 December 2019.

           In August 2018, a new notice with the name of Caishui [2018] No. 99 “Notice on Increasing the Pre-tax
           Deduction Ratio of Research and Development Expenses” was released, according to which certain PRC
           subsidiaries are entitled to an additional 75% tax deduction on eligible research costs incurred by them for the
           year ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months ended 31 December 2018.

           Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department (‘’IRD”) has issued
           additional assessments for the year of assessment 2013/14 to certain subsidiaries of the Company solely because
           of the time-bar concern. Without further information from the IRD, the directors of the Company are in progress
           to assess the financial effects of the additional assessments and unable to ascertain any degree of accuracy on the
           outcome.

           The income tax expense for the year/period can be reconciled from the profit before taxation per the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                                              Nine months
                                                                                                Year ended          ended
                                                                                              31 December     31 December
                                                                                                      2019           2018
                                                                                               RMB million     RMB million
             Profit before taxation                                                                  1,553             648
             Tax at applicable tax rate at 25% (Note)                                                  388             162
             Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                                     113              46
             Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                         (171)            (59)
             Tax effect of additional tax deduction of research costs                                 (125)            (99)
             Overprovision in prior years                                                                –              (8)
             Tax effect of tax losses not recognised                                                   320             124
             Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                                       (62)            (64)
             Tax effect of share of results of associates                                               (5)             (2)
             Tax effect of share of results of joint ventures                                           (1)              –
             PRC withholding tax                                                                        59             (19)
             PRC LAT                                                                                    14              25
             Tax effect of LAT                                                                          (4)             (6)
             Effect of different tax rates applicable to subsidiaries operating in
               Hong Kong and regions in the PRC other than Hong Kong                                    (3)               1
             Income tax at concessionary rate                                                          (54)             (27)
             Others                                                                                     53               21
             Income tax expense for the year/period                                                   522                95


           Note: The applicable tax rate is with reference to the prevailing PRC tax rate of 25% under the EIT Law and
                 Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law for the year/period.




134                                         Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




11. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR/PERIOD
                                                                                                      Nine months
                                                                                     Year ended             ended
                                                                                   31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2019              2018
                                                                                    RMB million        RMB million
    Profit for the year/period has been arrived at after charging (crediting):

    Amortisation of intangible assets                                                          1                 2
    Auditors’ remunerations                                                                    9                 6
    Cost of inventories recognised as an expense including
      write-down of inventories of RMB163 million
      (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB46 million)                         29,310            23,870
    Cost of stock of properties recognised as an expense                                     322               568
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                      136                 –
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                            733               489
    Less: capitalised in cost of inventories                                                (222)             (145)
                                                                                             511               344
    Operating lease rentals in respect of land and buildings
     – included in selling and distribution expenses                                            –               98
     – included in general and administrative expenses                                          –               36
                                                                                                –              134
    Release of prepaid lease payments on land use rights                                        –               50
    Rental income from leasing of properties less related
      outgoings of RMB144 million (for the nine months
      ended 31 December 2018: RMB97 million)                                                (264)             (175)
    Research and development costs recognised as an expense
      (including staff costs of RMB950 million (for the nine months
      ended 31 December 2018: RMB628 million))                                             1,843             1,327
    Staff costs:
      – Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (note 12)                                 44                38
      – Related staff costs for research and development activities                          950               628
      – Other staffs salaries, bonus, retirement benefits and others                       3,274             2,026
                                                                                           4,268             2,692
    Less capitalised in:
    – Cost of inventories                                                                 (1,023)             (733)
    – Stock of properties                                                                     (6)                –
    – Property, plant and equipment                                                          (11)                –
                                                                                           3,228             1,959




                                  Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                         135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      12. DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE ’ S EMOLUMENTS
                                                                                                                                    Nine months
                                                                                                           Year ended                     ended
                                                                                                          31 December               31 December
                                                                                                                 2019                      2018
                                                                                                              RMB’000                   RMB’000
             Directors’ fees                                                                                           3,977              2,899
             Other emoluments:
               Basic salaries and allowances                                                                           7,476              9,712
               Performance related incentive payments (Note)                                                          18,926             12,734
               Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                                  390                135
               Share-based payments                                                                                   12,904             12,537
                                                                                                                      43,673             38,017


           Note: The performance related incentive payments are determined based on the results of the Group and/or the
                   performance of the directors.

           There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
           emoluments during the year ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months ended 31 December 2018.

           The emoluments paid or payable to each of the directors and the chief executive of the Company are set out
           below:

                                                                            Basic       Retirement    Performance
                                                                         salaries          benefits         related          Share-
                                                        Directors’           and            scheme        incentive          based
                                                             fees    allowances       contributions      payments         payments         Total
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000
             For the year ended
               31 December 2019
             Executive directors (Note (i)) :
               Lai Weide                                      511          2,073               127           6,139              7,454      16,304
               Lin Wei Ping                                   511          1,465                96           2,473                  –       4,545
               Lin Jin                                        511          1,109                39           1,911                  –       3,570
               Liu Tangzhi (Note (iii))                       511          2,001                77           5,166              5,450      13,205
               Shi Chi                                        511            828                51           3,237                  –       4,627
                                                            2,555          7,476               390          18,926             12,904      42,251
             Independent non-executive directors
               (Note (ii)) :
               Cheong Ying Chew                               474              –                 –               –                 –         474
               Li Weibin                                      474              –                 –               –                 –         474
               Li Ming (Note (v))                             474              –                 –               –                 –         474
                                                            1,422              –                 –               –                  –       1,422
             Total directors’ emoluments                    3,977          7,476               390          18,926             12,904      43,673




136                                                Skyworth Group Limited           Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




12. DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE ’ S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
                                                                         Basic      Retirement    Performance
                                                                       salaries        benefits         related      Share-
                                                    Directors’             and          scheme        incentive      based
                                                          fees     allowances     contributions      payments     payments       Total
                                                    RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000
      For the nine months ended
        31 December 2018
      Executive directors (Note (i)) :
        Lai Weide                                        377            2,253                –          5,229        8,970     16,829
        Lin Wei Ping                                     377            1,907               67          1,710            –      4,061
        Lin Jin (appointed on 1 April 2018)              377            1,372               14            445            –      2,208
        Liu Tangzhi (Note (iii))                         377            2,259               12          4,276        3,567     10,491
        Shi Chi                                          377            1,921               42          1,074            –      3,414
                                                       1,885            9,712              135         12,734       12,537     37,003
      Independent non-executive directors
        (Note (ii)) :
         Cheong Ying Chew                                338                 –               –               –           –        338
         Li Weibin                                       338                 –               –               –           –        338
         Li Ming                                         338                 –               –               –           –        338
                                                       1,014                 –               –               –           –      1,014
      Total directors’ emoluments                      2,899            9,712              135         12,734       12,537     38,017


   Notes:


   (i)      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of
            the Group.


   (ii)     The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
            Company.


   (iii)    Liu Tangzhi is the chief executive of the Group and his emoluments disclosed above include those for services
            rendered by him as the chief executive.


   (iv)     Lam Shing Choi, Eric was appointed as an executive director of the Company on 28 February 2020.


   (v)      Li Ming retired as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 18 March 2020.


   (vi)     Hung Ka Hai, Clement was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 18 March
            2020.




                                              Annual Report 2019      Skyworth Group Limited                                             137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      13. EMPLOYEES ’ EMOLUMENTS
           The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included four (for the nine months ended 31
           December 2018: four) existing directors, details of whose emoluments are set out in note 12 above. Details of the
           emoluments of the remaining highest paid employee who is neither an existing director nor chief executive of the
           Company are as follows:

                                                                                                            Nine months
                                                                                            Year ended            ended
                                                                                          31 December       31 December
                                                                                                  2019             2018
                                                                                           RMB million       RMB million
             Basic salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                         1                  2
             Performance related incentive payments (Note)                                           2                  1
                                                                                                     3                  3


           Note: The performance related incentive payments are determined based on the results of the Group and/or the
                 performance of the individual.


           The number of the highest paid employee who is not a director of the Company whose remuneration fell within
           the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                                            Nine months
                                                                                           Year ended             ended
                                                                                          31 December       31 December
                                                                                                 2019              2018
                                                                                                No. of            No. of
                                                                                             employee          employee
             HK$3,000,001 to HK$3,500,000                                                            1                  1


           No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the five highest paid individuals (including directors
           and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office during
           the year ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months ended 31 December 2018.




138                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




14. DIVIDENDS
                                                                                                    Nine months
                                                                                   Year ended             ended
                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                         2019              2018
                                                                                  RMB million        RMB million
    Dividends recognised as distribution during the year/period:

    2018 Final – 6 HK cents
      (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018:
      2017 Final dividend 9 HK cents) per share                                            160                241


   The Board has determined not to declare any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2019 (for the nine
   months ended 31 December 2018: 6.0 HK cents, totalling approximately RMB157 million).

   No interim dividend was paid or proposed during the year ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months ended
   31 December 2018.

   The final dividend paid during the year ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months ended 31 December 2018
   was distributed in the form of cash.

15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on
   the following data:

                                                                                                    Nine months
                                                                                   Year ended             ended
                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                         2019              2018
                                                                                  RMB million        RMB million
    Earnings
    Profit for the year/period attributable to owners of the
      Company for the purpose of basic earnings per share                                  747                420
    Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares arising from:
      – restricted share incentive scheme of Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd.
      (“Skyworth Digital”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of
      the Company established in the PRC whose shares are listed on
      the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (note 49(iii))                                             (2)              (67)
    Profit for the year/period attributable to owners of the
      Company for the purpose of diluted earnings per share                                745                353




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                          139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      15. EARNINGS PER SHARE (Continued)
                                                                                                                Nine months
                                                                                                Year ended            ended
                                                                                               31 December      31 December
                                                                                                      2019             2018
             Number of shares
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
               purpose of basic earnings per share                                             3,035,576,545   3,032,208,819
             Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares in respect of
               outstanding share options                                                                   –      1,699,643
             Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares in respect of
               outstanding share awards                                                           3,212,895       1,801,311
             Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
              purpose of diluted earnings per share                                            3,038,789,440   3,035,709,773


           The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of certain of the Company’s
           outstanding share options as the exercise prices are higher than the average market price per share for the year
           ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months ended 31 December 2018 and the conversion of Skyworth
           Digital’s convertible bonds which results in an increase in earnings per share for the year ended 31 December
           2019.

           The weighted average number of ordinary shares shown above has been arrived at after deducting shares held by
           share award scheme trust as set out in note 49(ii).




140                                         Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2019
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                          Furniture,
                                          Leasehold                                      equipment
                                           land and     Construction     Plant and       and motor
                                           buildings     in progress    machinery           vehicles         Total
                                         RMB million     RMB million    RMB million      RMB million    RMB million
    COST
    At 1 April 2018                            4,398           1,582         2,120            1,166          9,266
    Additions                                     60             325           255              220            860
    Disposals                                   (106)              –           (55)             (60)          (221)
    Disposal of a subsidiary                     (33)              –           (69)              (9)          (111)
    Reclassification                             929            (929)            –                –              –
    Exchange realignment                          17               –             6                1             24
    At 31 December 2018                        5,265            978          2,257            1,318          9,818
    Additions                                     44            742            287              160          1,233
    Acquisition of a subsidiary
      (note 50(a))                                5                –               –              13            18
    Disposals                                    (9)               –             (48)            (55)         (112)
    Reclassification                            676             (774)             98               –             –
    Exchange realignment                          2                –               2               1             5
    At 31 December 2019                        5,983            946          2,596            1,437         10,962
    DEPRECIATION
    At 1 April 2018                            1,172               –         1,108              642          2,922
    Provided for the period                      202               –           152              135            489
    Eliminated on disposals                      (34)              –           (47)             (49)          (130)
    Eliminated on disposal of
       a subsidiary                               (6)              –             (37)             (6)           (49)
    Exchange realignment                           9               –               5               1             15
    At 31 December 2018                        1,343               –         1,181              723          3,247
    Provided for the year                        296               –           234              203            733
    Eliminated on disposals                       (6)              –           (14)             (40)           (60)
    Exchange realignment                           1               –             1                –              2
    At 31 December 2019                        1,634               –         1,402              886          3,922
    CARRYING VALUES
    At 31 December 2019                        4,349            946          1,194              551          7,040
    At 31 December 2018                        3,922            978          1,076              595          6,571




                                  Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                         141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
           The above items of property, plant and equipment are depreciated on a straight-line basis at the following rates
           per annum:

           Leasehold land and buildings                 Over the shorter of the terms of the leases or 50 years
           Plant and machinery                          10% to 50%
           Furniture, equipment and motor vehicles      20% to 50%

           Included in leasehold land and buildings of the Group are certain properties with carrying value of approximately
           RMB1,492 million (2018: RMB1,208 million) held under operating leases to earn rentals during the year/period.
           These properties do not qualify as investment properties, as more than insignificant portions of the entire
           properties are held for use by the Group in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative
           purposes and these portions could not be sold separately according to the premises permit.

           The carrying values of leasehold land and buildings, and construction in progress shown above comprise:

                                                                                                  As at              As at
                                                                                           31 December        31 December
                                                                                                  2019               2018
                                                                                            RMB million        RMB million
             Leasehold land and buildings:
               In the PRC                                                                         1,532              1,395
               In Hong Kong                                                                          17                 17
               Overseas                                                                               6                  6
                                                                                                  1,672              1,418
             Buildings:
               In the PRC                                                                         2,763              2,472
               Overseas                                                                              31                 32
                                                                                                  2,794              2,504
                                                                                                  4,349              3,922
             Construction in progress:
               In the PRC                                                                           946                978
                                                                                                  5,295              4,900


      17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
           For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group leases various offices, warehouses and retail stores for its
           operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 1 to 6 years, and majority of the contracts are with
           no extension or termination option. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range
           of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable
           period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is
           enforceable.




142                                         Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2019




17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                                      Leasehold              Leased
                                                                          lands           properties           Total
                                                                     RMB million         RMB million      RMB million
    As at 1 January 2019
    Carrying amount                                                         2,381               122             2,503
    As at 31 December 2019
    Carrying amount                                                         2,361               135             2,496
    For the year ended 31 December 2019
    Depreciation charge                                                        63                73               136
    Expense relating to short-term leases and other
      leases with lease terms end within 12 months of
      the date of initial application of HKFRS 16                                                                  24

    Total cash outflow for leases                                                                                 142

    Additions to right-of-use assets                                                                              135


   The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for motor vehicles and office equipment. As at 31 December
   2019, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term
   lease expense disclosed this note.

   The Group has obtained the land use right certificates for all leasehold lands.

   Restrictions or covenants on leases

   Lease liabilities of RMB146 million are recognised with related right-of-use assets of RMB135 million as at 31
   December 2019. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests in the
   leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.

   Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in note 39.

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                          RMB million
    COST
    At 1 April 2018, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019                                                          5
    DEPRECIATION
    At 1 April 2018, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019                                                          1
    CARRYING VALUES
    At 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018                                                                        4


   The above investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the term of the lease
   or 50 years.

   The investment properties shown above represent leasehold land and buildings in Hong Kong.




                                    Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                          143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
           The fair value of the Group’s investment properties at 31 December 2019 was approximately RMB36 million
           (2018: RMB38 million). The fair values at 31 December 2019 and 2018 have been arrived at based on valuations
           carried out by ValQuest Advisory Group Limited, independent valuers not connected with the Group.

           At 31 December 2019 and 2018, the fair value was determined based on direct comparison method whereby
           comparison based on prices information of comparable properties is obtained. Comparable properties of similar
           size, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against all the respective advantages and
           disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of capital values and was classified as Level
           3 of the fair value hierarchy.

                                                                                        Relationship
             Valuation technique                                                        of unobservable
             and key input                  Unobservable inputs                         inputs to fair value      Sensitivity
             Valuation technique:           Market unit rate, taking into account       The higher the market     A significant increase in the market
                Direct comparison method;     the size, character and location,           unit rate, the higher      unit rate used would result in a
                                              between the investment properties           the fair value             significant increase in fair value,
             Key input:                       and the comparable, ranging from                                       and vice versa.
               Market unit rate               RMB7,332 per sq.ft. to RMB8,705
                                              per sq.ft. (2018: RMB7,766 per
                                              sq.ft. to RMB9,236 per sq. ft.)



           In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

           Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at 31 December
           2019 and 2018 are as follows:

                                                                        As at 31 December                            As at 31 December
                                                                               2019                                         2018
                                                                       Carrying           Level 3                   Carrying            Level 3
                                                                        amount         fair value                    amount          fair value
                                                                     RMB million     RMB million                  RMB million      RMB million
             Completed investment properties located
               in Hong Kong                                                         4                    36                     4                    38




144                                           Skyworth Group Limited                Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




19. PREPAID LEASE PAYMENTS ON LAND USE RIGHTS
                                                                                                     RMB million
    At 1 April 2018                                                                                        2,484
    Additions                                                                                                 63
    Disposal                                                                                                 (54)
    Disposal of a subsidiary (note 50(b))                                                                    (74)
    Released during the period                                                                               (50)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                      12
    At 31 December 2018                                                                                    2,381


                                                                                                           As at
                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                           2018
                                                                                                     RMB million
    Analysed for reporting purposes as:
      Non-current assets                                                                                   2,331
      Current assets                                                                                          50
                                                                                                           2,381


   As at 31 December 2018, the Group’s prepaid lease payments on land use rights represent lands situated in the
   PRC and Indonesia of RMB2,308 million and RMB73 million respectively.

   During the nine months ended 31 December 2018, the Group has disposed part of the prepaid lease payment on
   land use rights in Indonesia and recognised a loss on disposal of land use rights of RMB8 million.

20. GOODWILL
                                                                                                     RMB million
    At 1 April 2018                                                                                          422
    Disposal of a subsidiary (note 50(b))                                                                    (39)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                       1
    At 31 December 2018                                                                                      384
    Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 50(a))                                                                  16
    Exchange realignment                                                                                      10
    At 31 December 2019                                                                                      410




                                  Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                         145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      20. GOODWILL (Continued)
                                                                                                       As at               As at
                                                                                                31 December         31 December
                                                                                                       2019                2018
                                                                                                 RMB million         RMB million
             Arising from:
               – acquisition of Skyworth Digital (Note (a))                                                286                286
               – acquisition of Strong Media Group Limited (Note (b))                                       84                 84
               – others                                                                                     40                 14
                                                                                                           410                384


           Notes:


           For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill have been allocated to individual CGUs.


           During the year ended 31 December 2019, management of the Group determines that there are no impairments of any
           of its CGUs containing goodwill.


           The basis of the recoverable amounts of the above CGUs and their major underlying assumptions are summarised below:


           (a)      For the goodwill arising from acquisition of Skyworth Digital for the operation of digital set-top boxes business
                    during the year ended 31 December 2019 with the carrying amount of RMB286 million (2018: RMB286 million),
                    the recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined by a value-in-use calculation. That calculation uses
                    cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, and a
                    discount rate of 12.8% (2018: 12.1%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated with zero (2018:
                    3.0%) growth rate. Expected cash inflows/outflows, which include budgeted sales, gross margin and raw material
                    price inflation have been determined based on past performance and management’s expectations for the market
                    development. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not
                    cause the aggregate carrying amount of the goodwill to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of goodwill.


           (b)      For the goodwill arising from acquisition of Strong Media Group Limited (“Strong Media”) during the year ended
                    31 December 2019 with the carrying amount of RMB84 million (2018: RMB84 million), the recoverable amount
                    of the CGU has been determined by a value-in-use calculations. That calculation uses cash flow projections based
                    on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, and a discount rate of 14.20% (2018:
                    15.50%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated with zero growth. Expected cash inflows/
                    outflows, which include budgeted sales, gross margin and raw material price inflation have been determined
                    based on past performance and management’s expectations for the market development. Management believes
                    that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the aggregate carrying amount
                    of the goodwill to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of goodwill.




146                                           Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




21. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                           Patent          Trademarks            Total
                                                                       RMB million          RMB million     RMB million
                                                                         (Note (a))           (Note (b))
     COST
     At 1 April 2018                                                               9                 97             106
     Additions                                                                     3                  –               3
     Exchange realignment                                                          –                 (9)             (9)
     At 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019                                    12                  88             100
     AMORTISATION
     At 1 April 2018                                                               6                   –              6
     Charge for the period                                                         2                   –              2
     At 31 December 2018                                                           8                   –              8
     Charge for the year                                                           1                   –              1
     At 31 December 2019                                                           9                   –              9
     CARRYING VALUES
     At 31 December 2019                                                           3                 88              91
     At 31 December 2018                                                           4                 88              92


   Notes:


   (a)      The patent have finite useful lives and are amortised at 10% to 20% on a straight-line basis.


   (b)      The above trademarks were purchased as part of a business combination related to Strong Media during year
            ended 31 March 2016.




                                      Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                          147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      21. INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
           Notes: (Continued)


           (b)   (Continued)


                 The trademarks have a legal life ranging from 10 to 21 years but are renewable every upon expiration at minimal
                 cost. The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group has the intention and ability to renew the
                 trademarks continuously. As a result, the trademarks are considered by the management of the Group as having
                 an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademarks will not
                 be amortised until their useful lives are determined to be finite. Instead they will be tested for impairment annually
                 and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.


                 As at 31 December 2019 and 2018, the directors of the Company determines that there is no impairment
                 indicator on the trademarks with indefinite useful lives.


                 The recoverable amounts of the trademarks with indefinite useful lives has been determined on the basis of
                 value in use calculations. That calculation uses cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by
                 management covering a five-year period, and a discount rate of 14.20% (2018: 15.50%). Cash flows beyond the
                 five-year period are extrapolated with no growth. Cash flow projections during the budget period are based on the
                 most recent financial budget that cover a five-year period approved by the management. Expected cash inflows/
                 outflows, which include budgeted sales, gross margin and raw material price inflation have been determined
                 based on past performance and management’s expectations for the market development. Management believes
                 that any reasonably possible change in any of these assumptions would not cause the aggregate carrying amount
                 of trademarks to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount of trademarks.

      22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                         As at                As at
                                                                                                  31 December          31 December
                                                                                                         2019                 2018
                                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million
             Cost of unlisted investments                                                                    160                   64
             Share of post-acquisition profits and other comprehensive
               income, net of dividends received                                                               36                  15
                                                                                                             196                   79




148                                          Skyworth Group Limited          Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




22. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES (Continued)
   The following set out the particulars of the associates of the Group as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 which, in
   the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or net assets of the Group.

                          Form of                Place of
    Name of               business               registration    Paid up                    Effective interest
    associates            structure              and operation   registered capital        held by the Group            Principal business
                                                                                             As at             As at
                                                                                      31 December 31 December
                                                                                              2019             2018
    江蘇達創電器有限公司            Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB10,000,000                34%              34%      Manufacturing and sales of
                                                                                                                          consumer electronic products

    北京新七天電子商務             Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB37,000,000                25%              49%      Provision of technological and
     技術股份有限公司                                                                                                              network promotion services
     (“New Seven Days”)                                                                                                    and sales of consumer
                                                                                                                           electronic products

    天津光電通信技術有             Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB37,000,000                49%               N/A     Manufacturing and sales
     限公司                                                                                                                  of electronic and
                                                                                                                          telecommunication products


   All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.

   Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material

                                                                                                                                  Nine months
                                                                                                        Year ended                      ended
                                                                                                      31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                              2019                       2018
                                                                                                       RMB million                 RMB million
    The Group’s share of profit and total comprehensive
      income for the year/period                                                                                        21                         9


                                                                                                             As at                       As at
                                                                                                      31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                             2019                        2018
                                                                                                       RMB million                 RMB million
    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests
      in these associates                                                                                              196                       79




                                          Annual Report 2019      Skyworth Group Limited                                                                 149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      23. INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES
           Details of the Group’s investments in joint ventures are as follows:

                                                                                                                                       Nine months
                                                                                                             Year ended                      ended
                                                                                                           31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                                   2019                       2018
                                                                                                            RMB million                 RMB million
             Cost of unlisted investments                                                                                   62                          67
             Share of post-acquisition losses and other comprehensive
               expense, net of dividends received                                                                           (43)                        (45)
                                                                                                                            19                          22


           The following set out the particulars of the joint ventures of the Group as at 31 December 2019 and 2018 which,
           in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or net assets of the Group.

                               Form of                Place of
             Name of           business               registration    Paid up                    Effective interest
             joint ventures    structure              and operation   registered capital        held by the Group            Principal business
                                                                                                  As at             As at
                                                                                           31 December 31 December
                                                                                                   2019             2018
             廣州新視界光電科技         Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB33,583,664                36%              36%      Provision of research and
              有限公司                                                                                                              development, lease and
                                                                                                                                consultation service of
                                                                                                                                mechanical and electronics
                                                                                                                                products

             廣東創華投資有限公司        Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB25,000,000                40%              40%      Provision of investment
                                                                                                                                consultation services


           The joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements.

           Aggregate information of joint ventures that are not individually material

                                                                                                                                       Nine months
                                                                                                             Year ended                      ended
                                                                                                           31 December                 31 December
                                                                                                                   2019                       2018
                                                                                                            RMB million                 RMB million
             The Group’s share of loss and total comprehensive
               expense for the year/period                                                                                    5                           –


           During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group has disposed a joint venture and recognised a gain on
           disposal of a joint venture of RMB3 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB1 million).




150                                            Skyworth Group Limited          Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




24. EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTPL/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI
                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                      31 December          31 December
                                                                                             2019                 2018
                                                                                       RMB million          RMB million
    Equity instruments at FVTPL comprise of:

    Unlisted equity securities, at fair values
      – in the PRC                                                                               612                  390
    Listed equity securities, at fair values
       – in Hong Kong                                                                             12                   55
       – in the PRC                                                                              381                   18
                                                                                                 393                   73
                                                                                               1,005                  463


                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                      31 December          31 December
                                                                                             2019                 2018
                                                                                       RMB million          RMB million
    Equity instruments at FVTOCI comprise of:

    Unlisted equity securities, at fair values
      – in the PRC (Note)                                                                      1,402               1,494
    Listed equity securities, at fair values
       – in Hong Kong (Note)                                                                     121                    –
                                                                                               1,523               1,494


   Note: The above unlisted and listed equity investments represent the Group’s equity interest in private entities
        established in the PRC and an entity listed in Hong Kong respectively. The directors of the Company have elected
        to designate these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term
        fluctuations in these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of
        holding these investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                               151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      25. LOAN RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                 As at           As at
                                                                                          31 December     31 December
                                                                                                 2019            2018
                                                                                           RMB million     RMB million
             Fixed-rate loan receivables
                Secured                                                                          1,828            2,048
                Unsecured                                                                          297              723
                                                                                                 2,125            2,771
             Analysed for reporting purpose as
               Non-current assets                                                                  585               41
               Current assets                                                                    1,540            2,730
                                                                                                 2,125            2,771


           Included in the carrying amount of loan receivables as at 31 December 2019 is allowance for credit losses of
           RMB310 million (2018: RMB275 million). Details of the impairment assessment are set out in note 55(b).

           As at 31 December 2019, loan receivables of RMB454 million (2018: RMB885 million) are advanced by
           subsidiaries with principal activity of loan financing, in which the corresponding interest income is included
           as revenue. The remaining balances of RMB1,671 million (2018: RMB1,886 million) are advanced by other
           subsidiaries, the related interest income is included as other income.

           Included in the loan receivables as at 31 December 2019 amounted to RMB258 million (net of allowance for
           credit losses of RMB42 million) (2018: RMB688 million (net of allowance for credit losses of RMB112 million))
           is a loan advanced to a company for which the Group has 20% equity interests. The directors of the Company
           considered that the Group does not have significant influence over that investee company because the Group
           does not have the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decision of that investee company,
           accordingly, such investment is classified as “equity instruments at FVTOCI”.

           As at 31 December 2019, included in the Group’s loan receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
           amount of RMB145 million (2018: RMB221 million) which has been past due 90 days or more as at the reporting
           date. The directors of the Company considers credit risks have increased significantly and those with evidence
           indicating that the debtor is in severe financial difficulties are considered as credit-impaired.




152                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




25. LOAN RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Included in the Group’s loan receivables balance with aggregate carrying amount of RMB1,828 million (2018:
   RMB1,691 million) are secured by borrowers’ charge over equity instruments, trade receivables, properties, land
   use right and plant and machineries.

   Included in the carrying amount of loan receivables as at 31 December 2019 is an amount of approximately
   RMB261 million (2018: nil) due from a related party controlled by a substantial shareholder of the Company
   which is secured, interest bearing at 8% per annum and repayable in instalments up to 25 April 2022.

   Included in the carrying amounts of loan receivables as at 31 December 2019 of approximately RMB465 million
   (2018: nil) are secured by motor vehicles and guaranteed by a substantial shareholder of the Company in respect
   of amounts owed by third parties to the Group, interest-bearing at 8% per annum and repayable in instalments
   up to final maturity dates ranging from 28 March 2022 to 27 June 2022.

   The exposure of the Group’s fixed-rate loan receivables to interest rate risks and their contractual maturity dates
   are as follows:

                                                                                          As at              As at
                                                                                   31 December        31 December
                                                                                          2019               2018
                                                                                    RMB million        RMB million
    Fixed-rate loan receivables:
       Within one year                                                                     1,540             2,730
       More than one year but not more than two years                                        200                27
       More than two years but not more than five years                                      385                14
                                                                                           2,125             2,771


   The ranges of effective interest rates (which are equal to contractual interest rates) on the Group’s loan
   receivables are as follows:

                                                                                     As at                   As at
                                                                              31 December             31 December
                                                                                     2019                    2018
    Effective interest rate:
      Fixed-rate loan receivables                                          4.50% – 12.00%          4.50% – 12.00%




                                    Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                          153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      26. DEFERRED TAXATION
           The following are the major deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised by the Group and movements thereon
           during the current and prior reporting periods.

                                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                                 adjustments
                                                                                                                                   on equity
                                                                                                                                 instruments
                                                                                                                Undistributed        at FVTPL      Fair value
                                                     Accelerated      Accrued     Allowance                         earnings      and equity     adjustment
                                                             tax         sales     for credit Allowance on             of PRC    instruments     in business
                                                    depreciation       rebate          losses    inventories     subsidiaries      at FVTOCI    combination        Others           Total
                                                     RMB million    RMB million   RMB million    RMB million      RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
                                                                                                                    (Note (b))                                    (Note (c))
             At 1 April 2018                                  (7)         (132)          (28)            (62)              93            377              36           (177)          100
             Charge (credit) to profit or loss                 4          (105)          (65)             (7)             (72)             7               –             22          (216)
             Credit to other comprehensive income              –             –             –               –                –           (264)              –              –          (264)
             Exchange realignment                              –             –             –               –                –              –               –              3             3
             At 31 December 2018                              (3)         (237)          (93)            (69)              21            120              36           (152)         (377)
             (Credit) charge to profit or loss                (1)          (50)         (129)            (37)              33             71               –            276           163
             Credit to other comprehensive income              –             –             –               –                –            (21)              –              –           (21)
             Acquisition                                       –             –             –               –                –              –               –              1             1
             Exchange realignment                              –             –             –               –                –             (3)              –             (1)           (4)
             At 31 December 2019                              (4)         (287)         (222)           (106)              54            167              36            124          (238)


           For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
           and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
           purposes:

                                                                                                                                            As at                         As at
                                                                                                                                     31 December                   31 December
                                                                                                                                            2019                          2018
                                                                                                                                      RMB million                   RMB million
             Deferred tax assets                                                                                                                    (500)                       (555)
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                                262                         178
                                                                                                                                                    (238)                       (377)




154                                                       Skyworth Group Limited                   Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




26. DEFERRED TAXATION (Continued)
   Notes:


   (a)      At the end of the reporting period, the Group has unutilised tax losses of RMB3,091 million (2018: RMB2,152
            million) available for offset against future profits. No deferred tax asset has been recognised in respect of the
            unutilised tax losses of RMB3,091 million (2018: RMB2,152 million) due to the unpredictability of future profit
            streams.


            Unutilised tax losses for which no deferred tax assets is recognised will expire as follows:


                                                                                                   As at               As at
                                                                                            31 December         31 December
                                                                                                   2019                2018
                                                                                             RMB million         RMB million
             2019                                                                                     N/A                 142
             2020                                                                                      149                172
             2021                                                                                      247                302
             2022                                                                                      431                537
             2023                                                                                      282                301
             2024                                                                                    1,124                  –
             Carried forward indefinitely                                                              858                698
                                                                                                     3,091              2,152


   (b)      Under the EIT Law of PRC, withholding tax is imposed on dividends declared in respect of profits earned by PRC
            subsidiaries from 1 January 2008 onwards. Deferred taxation of RMB820 million (2018: RMB224 million) has not
            been provided for in the consolidated financial statements in respect of temporary differences attributable to
            certain accumulated profits of the PRC subsidiaries as the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the
            temporary differences and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.


   (c)      Amounts mainly include deductible temporary difference from the unrealised profit arising from intragroup
            transactions, and deductible temporary difference arising from government grants not yet recognised in profit or
            loss whilst the relevant tax charge had already been paid upon receipt of the government grants.




                                       Annual Report 2019      Skyworth Group Limited                                               155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      27. INVENTORIES
                                                                                                 As at           As at
                                                                                          31 December     31 December
                                                                                                 2019            2018
                                                                                           RMB million     RMB million
             Raw materials                                                                       1,692            1,820
             Work in progress                                                                      260              328
             Finished goods                                                                      2,957            3,883
                                                                                                 4,909            6,031


      28. STOCK OF PROPERTIES
                                                                                                 As at           As at
                                                                                          31 December     31 December
                                                                                                 2019            2018
                                                                                           RMB million     RMB million
             Under development                                                                   4,100              796
             Completed                                                                              71               70
                                                                                                 4,171              866


           Included in the stock of properties under development are amounts of RMB4,006 million (2018: RMB99 million)
           which are not expected to be substantially realised within one year from the end of the reporting period. Sales
           deposits of RMB841 million (2018: RMB290 million) received from purchasers at the end of the reporting period
           are included in contract liabilities as disclosed in note 40.

           Analysis of leasehold lands:

                                                                                                            RMB million
             As at 1 January 2019
             Carrying amount                                                                                        515
             As at 31 December 2019
             Carrying amount                                                                                      3,655
             For the year ended 31 December 2019
             Total cash outflow                                                                                   3,140
             Additions                                                                                            3,140


           Effective from 1 January 2019, the carrying amount of leasehold lands is measured under HKFRS 16 at cost less
           any accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The residual values are determined as the estimated
           disposal value of the leasehold land component. No depreciation charge is made on the leasehold lands taking
           into account the estimated residual values as at 31 December 2019.




156                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




29. INVESTMENTS IN DEBT SECURITIES
                                                                                          As at              As at
                                                                                   31 December        31 December
                                                                                          2019               2018
                                                                                    RMB million        RMB million
    Debt securities
      – in the PRC                                                                            83               158


   The Group’s investments in debt securities represent unlisted debt securities that carry fixed interest at 3.45% to
   9.00% per annum (2018: 4.55% to 9.00% per annum). None of these assets has been past due at the end of the
   reporting period. The maturity profile of the above debt securities categorised by the remaining period from the
   end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity date is as follows:

                                                                                          As at              As at
                                                                                   31 December        31 December
                                                                                          2019               2018
                                                                                    RMB million        RMB million
    Remaining maturity:
      Less than three months                                                                  83                 8
      Three months to one year                                                                 –               150
                                                                                              83               158


   Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 55(b).

30. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                          As at              As at
                                                                                   31 December        31 December
                                                                                          2019               2018
                                                                                    RMB million        RMB million
    Unlisted securities, at fair value:
      – Investment funds                                                                      50                 37




                                    Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                          157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      31. TRADE RECEIVABLES
                                                                                                 As at              As at
                                                                                          31 December        31 December
                                                                                                 2019               2018
                                                                                           RMB million        RMB million
             Trade receivables
               – goods and services                                                               9,727             9,719
               – lease receivables                                                                  101                52
                                                                                                  9,828             9,771
             Less: allowance for credit losses                                                     (398)             (297)
                                                                                                  9,430             9,474
             Bills receivables                                                                    4,835             6,942
                                                                                                14,265             16,416


           As at 1 April 2018, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB7,146 million.

           The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses, presented based on the
           invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                 As at              As at
                                                                                          31 December        31 December
                                                                                                 2019               2018
                                                                                           RMB million        RMB million
             Within 30 days                                                                       4,386             4,610
             31 to 60 days                                                                        1,329             1,795
             61 to 90 days                                                                          889               824
             91 to 180 days                                                                       1,252               854
             181 to 270 days                                                                        506               505
             271 to 365 days                                                                        383               348
             Over 365 days                                                                          685               538
             Trade receivables                                                                    9,430             9,474
             Bills receivables                                                                    4,835             6,942
                                                                                                14,265             16,416


           As at 31 December 2019, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
           amount of RMB2,229 million (2018: RMB1,938 million) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of the
           past due balances, RMB1,094 million (2018: RMB951 million) has been past due 90 days or more and is not
           considered as in default based on historical experience. Other than bills received, the Group does not hold any
           collateral over these balances.




158                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




31. TRADE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   For customers who used bills to settle their trade receivables upon the expiry of the initial credit period, the
   ageing analysis of bills receivables at the end of the reporting period was presented based on the date of issuance
   of the bills. The date of issuance of all bills receivables are within one year at the end of the reporting period.

   The maturity dates of bills receivables at the end of the reporting period are analysed as follows:

                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                           2019                 2018
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million
    Within 30 days                                                                             419                916
    31 to 60 days                                                                              558                817
    61 to 90 days                                                                              946              1,434
    91 days or over                                                                          2,226              3,275
    Bills discounted to banks with recourse                                                    686                500
                                                                                             4,835              6,942


   The carrying values of the above bills discounted to banks with recourse continue to be recognised as assets in
   the consolidated financial statements as the Group has not transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of
   ownership of the bills receivables taking into account the credit rating of the issuers of the bills. Accordingly, the
   liabilities associated with such bills, mainly borrowings as disclosed in note 42, are recognised in the consolidated
   financial statements as well.

   As at 31 December 2019, total bills received amounting to RMB84 million (2018: RMB8 million), were further
   endorsed by the Group. The Group continues to recognise their full carrying amounts at the end of each reporting
   period and details are disclosed in note 47.

   The maturity dates of bills discounted to banks with recourse are within six months at the end of the reporting
   period.

   All bills receivables at the end of the reporting period are not yet due.

   At 31 December 2019, other than bills discounted or endorsed as disclosed above, carrying amount of trade
   receivables amounted to RMB19 million (2018: RMB25 million) have been pledged as security for the Group’s
   borrowings.

   Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables are set out in note 55(b).




                                   Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                             159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      32. OTHER RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS
           Other receivables, deposits and prepayments are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                     As at          As at
                                                                                              31 December    31 December
                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                               RMB million    RMB million
             Other deposits paid and prepayments                                                      375            222
             Other receivables                                                                        613            827
             Purchase deposits paid for materials                                                     472            983
             Rental deposits paid                                                                      12              5
             VAT receivables                                                                          573            508
                                                                                                     2,045         2,545


           Details of impairment assessment of other receivables are set out in note 55(b).

      33. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES
           As at 31 December 2019, the Group entered finance lease contacts with principal amount of approximately
           RMB130 million (2018: RMB128 million) to lease out certain plant and machinery of the Group. All interest rate
           inherent in the lease are fixed at the contract date over the lease terms.

                                                                Minimum                             Present value of
                                                             lease payments                     minimum lease payments
                                                              As at                As at             As at          As at
                                                       31 December          31 December       31 December    31 December
                                                              2019                 2018              2019           2018
                                                        RMB million          RMB million       RMB million    RMB million
             Finance lease receivables comprise:
                Within one year                                  125                  128              125           128
                Over one year but less than
                  two years                                          5                  –                5             –
             Less: unearned finance income                           –                  –              N/A           N/A
             Present value of minimum lease
               payment receivables                               130                  128              130           128


           Effective interest rate of the above finance lease is 9.02% (2018: 9.02%) per annum.




160                                         Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




33. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES (Continued)
   Included in the carrying amount of finance lease receivables as at 31 December 2019 is accumulated impairment
   loss of RMB12 million (2018: RMB9 million). No repayment is received during the current year and the finance
   lease receivables is in default. During the year ended 31 December 2019, an additional allowance of RMB3 million
   was provided (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB4 million).

   Finance lease receivables are secured over the plant and machinery leased. The Group is not permitted to sell or
   repledge the collateral in the absence of default by the lessee. However, in the event of default, the Group is
   entitled to sell the asset, and has rights to any proceeds from such a sale up to the total amount receivable from
   the lessee.

   Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 55(b).

34. AMOUNT DUE TO A NON-CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDER OF A SUBSIDIARY
   The amount due to a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary as at 31 December 2018 was unsecured,
   interest-free and repayable on demand. The amount was fully repaid in 2019.

35. PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS, AND BANK
    BALANCES AND CASH
   Bank balances and cash comprise cash held by the Group and short-term bank deposits with an original maturity
   of three months or less, which carry interest at variable market rates ranging from 0.01% to 2.40% per annum
   (2018: 0.01% to 2.75% per annum).

   Pledged bank deposits are pledged to secure the short term bank borrowings, which carry interest at market rates
   ranging from 0.30% to 1.95% per annum (2018: 0.35% to 2.75% per annum).

   Restricted bank deposits represent reserve deposits a finance company of the Group placed with the People’s
   Bank of China (the “PBOC”). The balances of the reserve deposits were calculated at certain percentage of
   qualified deposits made from customers to the finance company of the Group as determined by the PBOC against
   unexpected events such as unusually large net withdrawal by customers. These reserve deposits are required by
   local regulation and not available for the Group’s daily operations.

   Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 55(b).




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      36. TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES, AND OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
           (a) Trade payables
                 The following is an aged analysis of trade payables based on invoice date at the end of the reporting period,
                 and other payables:

                                                                                                         As at                 As at
                                                                                                  31 December           31 December
                                                                                                         2019                  2018
                                                                                                   RMB million           RMB million
                   Within 30 days                                                                          3,291                4,237
                   31 to 60 days                                                                           1,664                1,343
                   61 to 90 days                                                                           1,012                  656
                   91 days or over                                                                           592                  399
                   Trade payables (Note)                                                                   6,559                6,635


                 Note:

                 As at 31 December 2019, RMB84 million of trade payables (2018: RMB8 million),which had been settled by
                 endorsed bills for which the maturity dates of the bills receivables have not yet fallen due as at the end of each
                 reporting period (see note 47).

           (b) Other payables
                                                                                                         As at                 As at
                                                                                                  31 December           31 December
                                                                                                         2019                  2018
                                                                                                   RMB million           RMB million
                   Accruals and other payables                                                             1,282                1,125
                   Accrued staff costs                                                                       729                  592
                   Accrued selling and distribution expenses                                                 203                  151
                   Amounts received for restricted share incentive
                      scheme of a subsidiary (note 49(iii))                                                   84                  168
                   Customer deposits (Note (1))                                                               29                   25
                   Interest payables on corporate bonds                                                       39                   36
                   Other deposits received                                                                   407                  545
                   Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                    218                   59
                   Refund liabilities (Note (2))                                                           1,147                  999
                   Rental deposits received                                                                   74                   66
                   VAT payable                                                                                52                   55
                                                                                                           4,264                3,821


                 Notes:

                 (1)      The customer deposits bear interest at 0.35% per annum (2018: 0.35% per annum) which are repayable on
                          demand.

                          As at 31 December 2019, RMB13 million (2018: RMB10 million) of the customer deposits is placed by the
                          associate, New Seven Days, which bear interest at 0.35% per annum (2018: 0.35% per annum) and is
                          repayable on demand.

                 (2)      The refund liabilities are arisen from outstanding rebates in relation to the goods sold to certain customers.



162                                           Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




36. T R A D E A N D O T H E R PAYA B L E S , A N D O T H E R F I N A N C I A L L I A B I L I T I E S
     (Continued)

    (c) Other financial liabilities

                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                           31 December           31 December
                                                                                                  2019                  2018
                                                                                            RMB million           RMB million
           Advance from a third party (Note (1))                                                      187                  173
           Interest-free loan received from government (Note (2))                                      98                    –
                                                                                                      285                  173


         Notes:


         (1)      During the year ended 31 March 2017, Shenzhen Chuangwei-RGB Electronics Co., Ltd. (“RGB”), an
                  indirect-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agreement with 北京愛奇藝科技有限公司
                  (“iQIYI”), a third party not connected to the Group, for a RMB150 million capital injection. Pursuant to the
                  agreement, Shenzhen Coocaa, an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, received the first
                  capital injection of RMB100 million from iQIYI on 2 December 2016. During the year ended 31 March 2018,
                  Shenzhen Coocaa received the second capital injection of RMB50 million from iQIYI.


                  Based on the terms of the agreement, RGB and iQIYI agreed that if the shares of Shenzhen Coocaa are not
                  listed on any stock exchange within 60 months after 2 December 2016, and the market value of Shenzhen
                  Coocaa is less than RMB3 billion before listing, iQIYI can require RGB to transfer its investments in Shenzhen
                  Coocaa to equivalent value of investments in Skyworth Digital, or require RGB to buy back its investments
                  in Shenzhen Coocaa at the original consideration paid plus interest of 8% per annum at the end of 60
                  months. As the Group cannot unconditionally avoid the delivery of cash or other financial assets to fulfil the
                  contractual obligations, the capital injection received is recognised as a financial liability. Imputed interest
                  expenses of RMB14 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB10 million) has been
                  recognised in respect of this financial liability during the year ended 31 December 2019.


         (2)      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group entered into an interest-free loan agreement with 全
                  椒縣人民政府 amounted to a total of RMB500 million in supporting the Group’s certain capital investments
                  in the municipal of 全椒縣. According to the agreement, a branch of 全椒縣人民政府 shall make advances
                  to the Group in stages that is in line with various investment milestones to be achieved by the Group. As
                  at 31 December 2019, an amount of RMB98 million has been received by the Group and the amount is
                  payable within three years from the date of receipt. In the opinion of the directors, the difference between
                  proceeds received and the fair value of the loan is insignificant.




                                       Annual Report 2019      Skyworth Group Limited                                                163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      37. BILLS PAYABLES
           The maturity dates of bills payables at the end of the reporting period are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                    As at            As at
                                                                                             31 December      31 December
                                                                                                    2019             2018
                                                                                              RMB million      RMB million
             Within 30 days                                                                           622             979
             31 to 60 days                                                                            784             885
             61 to 90 days                                                                            549             864
             91 days or over                                                                        1,545           3,454
                                                                                                    3,500           6,182


           All bills payables at the end of the reporting period are not yet due.

      38. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                                    As at            As at
                                                                                             31 December      31 December
                                                                                                    2019             2018
                                                                                              RMB million      RMB million
             Derivative financial instruments are analysed as:
               Foreign currency forward contracts (Note (b))                                           4                3


                                                                                                              Nine months
                                                                                               Year ended           ended
                                                                                             31 December      31 December
                                                                                                     2019            2018
                                                                                              RMB million      RMB million
             (Loss) gain from changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments:
               Interest rate swap contracts (Note (a))                                                  –               2
               Foreign currency forward contracts (Note (b))                                           (1)              8
                                                                                                       (1)             10




164                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




38. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   Notes:


   (a)      Interest rate swap contracts


            During the year ended 31 March 2017, the Group entered into interest rate swap contracts with banks, of which
            the purpose is to manage the Group’s cash flow interest rate risk in relation to the floating interest rates in relation
            to its bank borrowings denominated in Euro (“EUR”).


            The interest rate swap contracts with notional amount ranging from EUR80 million to EUR180 million has fixed
            interest payments in EUR ranging from 2.29% to 2.35% per annum and floating interest receipts in EUR ranging
            from 2.3% to 2.5% plus 1-month Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) per annum for periods up to August
            and December 2018.


            During the nine months ended 31 December 2018, a gain arising from changes in fair value of the interest rate
            swap contract of RMB2 million has been recognised in profit or loss.


   (b)      Foreign currency forward contracts


            During the year ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months ended 31 December 2018, the Group entered into
            foreign currency forward contracts with an established commercial bank in PRC to purchase US$ in South African
            Rand (“ZAR”) at predetermined forward rates.


             Aggregate                                                            Forward exchange rate
             principal amount                     Maturity                        (net settlement)
             As at 31 December 2019

             US$17 million                        From 10 January 2020 to         Buy US$/sell ZAR at 14.290 to 15.550
                                                    10 November 2020


             As at 31 December 2018


             US$19 million                        From 7 January 2019 to          Buy US$/sell ZAR at 12.543 to 15.013
                                                    10 December 2019

            As at 31 December 2019, the fair value of the Group’s foreign currency forward contracts was estimated
            to be a liability of RMB4 million (2018: RMB3 million). These amounts were determined based on the
            discounted future cash flows using the applicable yield curve for the remaining duration of the instruments.




                                        Annual Report 2019      Skyworth Group Limited                                                 165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      39. LEASE LIABILITIES
           Lease liabilities payable:

                                                                                                                As at
                                                                                                         31 December
                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                                          RMB million
             Within one year                                                                                         34
             Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                                       32
             Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                                     78
             Within a period of more than five years                                                                  2
                                                                                                                    146
             Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown under current liabilities                         (34)
             Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under non-current liabilities                          112


           Lease obligations that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant group
           entities are set out below:

                                                                              EUR                ZAR              GBP
                                                                        RMB million        RMB million      RMB million
             As at 31 December 2019                                                12              10                 2


      40. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                 As at           As at
                                                                                          31 December     31 December
                                                                                                 2019            2018
                                                                                           RMB million     RMB million
             Deposits received for sales of goods                                                1,110            1,153
             Deposits received for sales of properties                                             841              290
                                                                                                 1,951            1,443




166                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




40. CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
   Movements in contract liabilities:

                                                                                                        RMB million
    At 1 April 2018                                                                                           1,671
    Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue
      during the period that was included in the contract liabilities
      at the beginning of the period                                                                         (1,485)
    Increase in contract liabilities as a result of receiving deposits from the customers                     1,257
    At 31 December 2018                                                                                       1,443
    Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue
      during the year that was included in the contract liabilities
      at the beginning of the year                                                                           (1,193)
    Increase in contract liabilities as a result of receiving deposits from the customers                     1,701
    At 31 December 2019                                                                                       1,951


41. PROVISION FOR WARRANTY
                                                                                                        RMB million
    At 1 April 2018                                                                                             204
    Additional provision                                                                                        140
    Utilised                                                                                                   (121)
    At 31 December 2018                                                                                         223
    Additional provision                                                                                        216
    Utilised                                                                                                   (167)
    At 31 December 2019                                                                                         272


                                                                                           As at              As at
                                                                                    31 December        31 December
                                                                                           2019               2018
                                                                                     RMB million        RMB million
    Analysed for reporting purposes as:
      Current liabilities                                                                     181               143
      Non-current liabilities                                                                  91                80
                                                                                              272               223


   The Group provides one to five years product warranty to its customers depending on the product type, under
   which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The estimate of the provision for the warranty is based on sales
   volumes and past experience of the level of repairs and returns. The estimation is reviewed on an ongoing basis
   and revised by reference to the current defective rate of products sold.




                                  Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                          167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      42. BORROWINGS
                                                                                                   As at           As at
                                                                                            31 December     31 December
                                                                                                   2019            2018
                                                                                             RMB million     RMB million
             Borrowings comprise the following:

             Financial liabilities on bills discounted with recourse                                 686            500
             Other bank borrowings                                                                 7,491          5,824
                                                                                                   8,177          6,324
             Secured                                                                               2,003            829
             Unsecured                                                                             6,174          5,495
                                                                                                   8,177          6,324
             Carrying amount of borrowings that contain a repayment
               on demand clause (shown under current liabilities) but are
               repayable based on scheduled repayment dates set out
               in the loan agreements:
               Within one year                                                                      101             299

             Carrying amount of other borrowings repayable based on
               scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements:
               Within one year                                                                     7,034          5,291
               More than one year but not more than two years                                         28              –
               More than two years but not exceeding five years                                    1,014            732
               Over five years                                                                         –              2
                                                                                                   8,076          6,025
                                                                                                   8,177           6,324
             Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                    (7,135)         (5,590)
             Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                           1,042            734




168                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




42. BORROWINGS (Continued)
   Included in the balance as at 31 December 2019 are fixed-rate borrowings of RMB3,842 million (2018: RMB1,882
   million) which carry interest at rates ranging from 0.81% to 5.75% per annum (2018: 0.50% to 10.00% per
   annum).

   All other borrowings are carried interest at variable market interest rates, which are based on EURIBOR, London
   Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”) or People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) lending rate plus a specific margin, ranging
   from 0.50% to 5.60% per annum (2018: 1.58% to 5.23% per annum).

   As at the 31 December 2019, the Group had foreign currencies denominated borrowings of US$413 million
   (equivalent to approximately RMB2,879 million) (2018: US$232 million (equivalent to approximately RMB1,590
   million)) and EUR19 million (equivalent to approximately RMB148 million) (2018: EUR33 million (equivalent to
   approximately RMB257 million). As at 31 December 2018, the Group also had HK$ denominated borrowings of
   568 million (equivalent to approximately RMB498 million). All other borrowings are denominated in the respective
   functional currencies of the group entities.

43. DEFERRED INCOME
                                                                                        As at               As at
                                                                                 31 December         31 December
                                                                                        2019                2018
                                                                                  RMB million         RMB million
    Deferred income                                                                         596               666
    Less: Amount to be recognised as income within one year
           included in current liabilities                                                 (170)              (144)
    Amount to be recognised as income after one year                                        426               522


   Deferred income consists of government grants provided by the relevant PRC government authorities for the
   purposes of financing the purchase of plant and machinery and the related expenses to be incurred for the
   development of new products or technology and relates to certain current assets. The amounts are recognised
   as income to match with related expenses or on systematic basis over the useful lives of the relevant assets upon
   completing inspection by the related government authorities. The policy has resulted in a credit to profit or loss
   of RMB372 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB219 million) during the year ended 31
   December 2019.




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      44. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
           On 15 April 2019, Skyworth Digital issued 10,400,000 convertible bonds at a par value of RMB100 each, which
           are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The convertible bonds are interest bearing at 0.40%, 0.60%,
           1.00%, 1.50%, 1.80% and 2.00% per annum for the first, second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth year per annum
           respectively with a maturity date on the sixth anniversary on the date of their issue (i.e. 15 April 2025) and
           entitle the holders to convert them, in whole or in part, into ordinary shares of Skyworth Digital at an initial
           conversion price of RMB11.56 per share (subject to anti-dilutive provision) at any time from the first trading day
           immediately after the expiry of six months from the date of issuance of the convertible bonds until maturity date.
           The conversion price shall be adjusted if (i) Skyworth Digital resolved to issue bonus shares, increased its share
           capital, placing or issue of new shares (other than issue of conversion shares) or the distribution of cash dividends
           or (ii) subject to the approval by a two-third majority of the shareholders of Skyworth Digital present at a general
           meeting, the conversion price may be adjusted downwards if the closing price of the A-shares of Skyworth Digital
           as quoted on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for at least 10 trading days during a continuous period of 20 trading
           Days are less than 90% of the prevailing conversion price at that time. Interest will be paid annually up until
           settlement date. The redemption price will be par value of the convertible bonds and the interest for that period.

           Skyworth Digital has the right to redeem all or part of the convertible bonds at any time during the conversion
           period if the closing prices of the shares of Skyworth Digital as quoted on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for any
           15 trading days in a consecutive period of 30 trading days are higher than or equal to 130% of the conversion
           price at the time or the outstanding amount of the convertible bonds is less than RMB30 million. The bondholders
           shall have the right to request for Skyworth Digital to repurchase all or any part of the outstanding convertible
           bonds at the face value together with the coupon rate due for that period if the closing price of the shares of
           Skyworth Digital as quoted on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange is less than 70% of the conversion price at the time
           for any 30 consecutive trading days during the fifth and sixth year or there is any substantial change to the use of
           proceeds from the issue of the convertible bonds.

           The convertible bonds contain two components, debt component and derivative (including conversion and early
           redemption options) component. The effective interest rate of the debt component is 5.62%. The derivative
           component is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. At initial recognition,
           both the debt component and derivative component are recognised at fair value and the fair value of the
           debt component and derivative component is approximately RMB891 million and RMB140 million respectively,
           measured at market price netted of transaction costs.




170                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




44. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)
   The movements of the convertible bonds and derivative financial instruments for the year ended 31 December
   2019 are set out as below:

                                                                                                      Derivative
                                                                                   Convertible          financial
                                                                                       bonds        instruments
                                                                                   RMB million       RMB million
    At 1 April 2018 and 31 December 2018                                                     –                 –
    Issued during the year, net of transaction costs                                       891               140
    Interest on convertible bond                                                            36                 –
    Less: included as interest payables on convertible bonds                                (3)                –
    Fair value change                                                                        –               136
    At 31 December 2019                                                                    924               276


45. CORPORATE BONDS
                                                                                                     RMB million
    At 1 April 2018                                                                                        1,990
    Interest on corporate bonds                                                                               83
    Interest paid                                                                                           (107)
    Decrease in interest payables on corporate bonds                                                          24
    At 31 December 2018                                                                                    1,990
    Interest on corporate bonds                                                                              111
    Interest paid                                                                                           (108)
    Increase in interest payables on corporate bonds                                                          (3)
    At 31 December 2019                                                                                    1,990


   On 15 September 2017, the Company issued secured corporate bonds with principal value of RMB2,000 million.
   The corporate bonds bear interest at 5.36% per annum and fall due on 14 September 2022. Pursuant to the
   terms of the subscription agreement of the corporate bond, the Group has the right to adjust the coupon
   rate and the bond holders have the right to put the bond back to the Group after 14 September 2020. The
   management considers the fair value of these options are insignificant.

   The corporate bonds are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using effective interest rate of 5.48% (2018:
   5.48%). As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount of the corporate bonds was approximately RMB1,990
   million (2018: RMB1,990 million).




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                         171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      46. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                 Number of             Share
                                                                                                    shares            capital
                                                                                                                   RMB million
             Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each

             Authorised:
               At 1 April 2018, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019                         10,000,000,000              1,063


             Issued and fully paid:
                At 1 April 2018, 31 December 2018 and 31 December 2019                         3,060,929,420                 308


           The new shares rank pari passu with the then existing shares in all respects.

           Details of the movements of share options during the year ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months ended
           31 December 2018 are set out in note 48.

      47. TRANSFERRED FINANCIAL ASSETS
           The following were the Group’s bills receivables, that were transferred to banks or suppliers by discounting or
           endorsing those receivables on a full recourse basis. For certain bills receivables that were discounted to banks
           on a full recourse basis but the substantial risks and rewards of the ownership of the bills receivables have not
           been transferred taking into account the credit quality of the issuing counterparties, the Group continues to
           recognise the full carrying amount of those discounted receivables and has recognised the associated liabilities as
           borrowings as disclosed in note 42 or it continues to recognise the full carrying amount of the bills receivables
           and the full carrying amount of the trade payables (see note 36) for endorsed bills receivables.

           These bills receivables and associated liabilities are carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated statement
           of financial position. The directors consider that the carrying amounts of such bills receivables and associated
           liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

                                                                    As at                                    As at
                                                              31 December 2019                         31 December 2018
                                                                  Bills               Bills                Bills             Bills
                                                             endorsed          discounted             endorsed       discounted
                                                          to suppliers            to banks         to suppliers         to banks
                                                         with recourse       with recourse        with recourse    with recourse
                                                          RMB million         RMB million          RMB million      RMB million
             Carrying amount of transferred assets                  84                 686                    8              500
             Carrying amount of associated liabilities             (84)               (686)                  (8)            (500)
             Net position                                            –                   –                    –                 –


           All the bills receivables discounted to banks have maturity dates of less than six months from the end of the
           respective reporting period.

           No gain or loss was recognised at the date of transfer of the assets.




172                                         Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




48. SHARE OPTIONS
   The Company adopted certain share option schemes mainly for the purpose of providing incentives to directors,
   eligible employees and selected eligible persons. Particulars of the share option schemes are detailed below.

   Pursuant to a special resolution passed on 28 August 2002, the Company adopted a share option scheme under
   which the directors of the Company may grant options to eligible person, including any directors, whether
   executive or non-executive (including any independent non-executive directors), and any employee, whether full
   time or part time, of any member of the Group (the “2002 Share Option Scheme”).

   The Company terminated 2002 Share Option Scheme and adopted a new share option scheme (“2008 Share
   Option Scheme”) at its 2008 Annual General Meeting held on 30 September 2008. The principal terms of 2002
   Share Option Scheme and 2008 Share Option Scheme are basically the same.

   The Company terminated 2008 Share Option Scheme and adopted a new share option scheme (“2014 Share
   Option Scheme”) at its 2014 Annual General Meeting held on 20 August 2014. The principal terms of 2008
   Share Option Scheme and 2014 Share Option Scheme are basically the same.

   Under each of 2002 Share Option Scheme, 2008 Share Option Scheme and 2014 Share Option Scheme, options
   granted must be taken up within a period of 30 days from the date of grant, upon payment of HK$1 per grant.
   Options may be exercised in portions and in the exercisable period determined by the directors of the Company
   at the date of grant. All of the options, if not otherwise exercised, amended or cancelled, lapsed on 28 August
   2012 under 2002 Share Option Scheme, on 30 September 2018 under 2008 Share Option Scheme and on 30
   September 2018 and 20 August 2024 under 2014 Share Option Scheme.

   Each grant of an option to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company (or any of their
   respective associates) must be approved by the independent non-executive directors, excluding any independent
   non-executive director who is the grantee of the option.

   Under each of 2002 Share Option Scheme, 2008 Share Option Scheme and 2014 Share Option Scheme, the
   maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options to be granted under the aforesaid schemes and
   any other share option scheme of the Company as from the commencement of the scheme period, excluding
   those options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms of 2002 Share Option Scheme, 2008 Share Option
   Scheme or 2014 Share Option Scheme or any other share option schemes of the Company, must not in aggregate
   exceeds 10% of the Company’s shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the respective Share Option Schemes
   or exceed any of the refreshed limit.

   No option shall be granted to an eligible person which would cause the aggregate number of shares already
   issued and to be issued upon exercise of options granted to such eligible person under 2002 Share Option
   Scheme, 2008 Share Option Scheme and 2014 Share Option Scheme and any other share option scheme of the
   Company (including cancelled, exercised and outstanding options) in any 12-month period up to the date of
   grant exceeding 1% of the shares in issue. Any further grant of options in excess of this limit may be made only
   with the separate approval of the shareholders in general meeting with that eligible person and his associates
   abstaining from voting.




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                          173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      48. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           The total number of share option that were granted and remained outstanding under the share option schemes of
           the Company is 125,098,000 (2018: 69,698,000) representing approximately 4.09% (2018: 2.28%) of the issued
           share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2019.

           The following tables show the movements in the Company’s share options granted under 2014 Share Option
           Scheme during the year:

           For the year ended 31 December 2019

           Under 2014 Share Option Scheme

                                                                                     Outstanding                                       Outstanding
                                                                                              at     Granted    Exercised    Lapsed             at
                               Exercise                                                1 January       during      during     during   31 December
             Date of grant        price Vesting period        Exercisable period            2019     the year    the year   the year          2019
                                  HK$
             22 January 2016     4.226 22 January 2016 to     1 September 2016 to     14,852,000            –           –          –     14,852,000
                                         30 August 2016          20 August 2024

                                        22 January 2016 to    1 September 2017 to     17,154,000            –           –          –     17,154,000
                                          30 August 2017         20 August 2024

                                        22 January 2016 to    1 September 2018 to     25,692,000            –           –          –     25,692,000
                                          30 August 2018         20 August 2024

             8 July 2016         6.320 8 July 2016 to         1 September 2017 to      2,500,000            –           –          –      2,500,000
                                          31 August 2017         20 August 2024

                                        8 July 2016 to        1 September 2018 to      2,500,000            –           –          –      2,500,000
                                           31 August 2018        20 August 2024

                                        8 July 2016 to        1 September 2019 to      2,500,000            –           –          –      2,500,000
                                           31 August 2019        20 August 2024

                                        8 July 2016 to        1 September 2020 to      2,500,000            –           –          –      2,500,000
                                           31 August 2020        20 August 2024

             9 August 2017       4.090 9 August 2017 to       1 September 2018 to        500,000            –           –          –       500,000
                                         31 August 2018          20 August 2024

                                        9 August 2017 to      1 September 2019 to        500,000            –           –          –       500,000
                                          31 August 2019         20 August 2024

                                        9 August 2017 to      1 September 2020 to        500,000            –           –          –       500,000
                                          31 August 2020         20 August 2024

                                        9 August 2017 to      1 September 2021 to        500,000            –           –          –       500,000
                                          31 August 2021         20 August 2024

             15 April 2019       2.680 15 April 2019 to       30 September 2019 to             –   22,160,000           –          –     22,160,000
                                         29 September 2019      20 August 2024

                                        15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to             –   16,620,000           –          –     16,620,000
                                          29 September 2020     20 August 2024

                                        15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to             –   16,620,000           –          –     16,620,000
                                          29 September 2021    20 August 2024
                                                                                      69,698,000   55,400,000           –          –    125,098,000




174                                                Skyworth Group Limited              Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




48. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
   For the nine months ended 31 December 2018

   The following tables show the movements in the Company’s share options granted under 2008 Share Option
   Scheme and 2014 Share Option Scheme during the nine months ended 31 December 2018:

   Under 2008 Share Option Scheme

                                                                               Outstanding                                                Outstanding
                                                                                        at      Granted         Exercised      Lapsed              at
                       Exercise                                                     1 April       during           during       during    31 December
    Date of grant         price Vesting period       Exercisable period               2018    the period       the period   the period           2018
                          HK$
    6 November 2008      0.374 6 November 2008 to    6 November 2009 to            315,000             –                –     (315,000)             –
                                  5 November 2009      30 September 2018

                                6 November 2008 to   6 November 2010 to            475,000             –                –     (475,000)             –
                                  5 November 2010      30 September 2018

                                6 November 2008 to   6 November 2011 to            578,000             –                –     (578,000)             –
                                  5 November 2011      30 September 2018

                                6 November 2008 to   6 November 2012 to          1,496,500             –                –   (1,496,500)             –
                                  5 November 2012      30 September 2018

    26 November 2008     0.415 26 November 2008 to   26 November 2012 to            24,000             –                –      (24,000)             –
                                 25 November 2012      30 September 2018

    21 June 2010         6.580 21 June 2010 to       21 June 2011 to             1,500,000             –                –   (1,500,000)             –
                                 20 June 2011          30 September 2018

                                21 June 2010 to      21 June 2012 to             1,500,000             –                –   (1,500,000)             –
                                  20 June 2012         30 September 2018

                                21 June 2010 to      21 June 2013 to             1,500,000             –                –   (1,500,000)             –
                                  20 June 2013         30 September 2018

                                21 June 2010 to      21 June 2014 to             1,500,000             –                –   (1,500,000)             –
                                  20 June 2014         30 September 2018

    24 March 2011        4.440 24 March 2011 to      1 September 2012 to         5,262,000             –                –   (5,262,000)             –
                                 31 August 2012         30 September 2018

                                24 March 2011 to     1 September 2013 to         4,664,000             –                –   (4,664,000)             –
                                  31 August 2013        30 September 2018

                                24 March 2011 to     1 September 2014 to         5,266,000             –                –   (5,266,000)             –
                                  31 August 2014        30 September 2018

                                24 March 2011 to     1 September 2015 to         6,400,000             –                –   (6,400,000)             –
                                  31 August 2015        30 September 2018

                                24 March 2011 to     1 September 2016 to         7,558,000             –                –   (7,558,000)             –
                                  31 August 2016        30 September 2018




                                          Annual Report 2019                Skyworth Group Limited                                                      175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      48. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           For the nine months ended 31 December 2018 (Continued)

           Under 2008 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

                                                                                        Outstanding                                            Outstanding
                                                                                                 at      Granted     Exercised      Lapsed              at
                                 Exercise                                                    1 April       during       during       during    31 December
             Date of grant          price Vesting period         Exercisable period            2018    the period   the period   the period           2018
                                    HK$
             16 September 2011     4.080 16 September 2011 to    1 September 2012 to      1,000,000             –            –   (1,000,000)             –
                                           31 August 2012           30 September 2018

                                          16 September 2011 to   1 September 2016 to      1,000,000             –            –   (1,000,000)             –
                                            31 August 2016          30 September 2018

             26 September 2011     3.310 26 September 2011 to    1 September 2012 to        120,000             –            –     (120,000)             –
                                           31 August 2012           30 September 2018

                                          26 September 2011 to   1 September 2014 to        120,000             –            –     (120,000)             –
                                            31 August 2014          30 September 2018

                                          26 September 2011 to   1 September 2015 to        120,000             –            –     (120,000)             –
                                            31 August 2015          30 September 2018

                                          26 September 2011 to   1 September 2016 to        120,000             –            –     (120,000)             –
                                            31 August 2016          30 September 2018

             31 October 2011       4.190 31 October 2011 to      1 September 2012 to         60,000             –            –      (60,000)             –
                                           31 August 2012           30 September 2018

                                          31 October 2011 to     1 September 2013 to         60,000             –            –      (60,000)             –
                                            31 August 2013          30 September 2018

                                          31 October 2011 to     1 September 2014 to         60,000             –            –      (60,000)             –
                                            31 August 2014          30 September 2018

                                          31 October 2011 to     1 September 2015 to         60,000             –            –      (60,000)             –
                                            31 August 2015         30 September 2018

                                          31 October 2011 to     1 September 2016 to         60,000             –            –      (60,000)             –
                                            31 August 2016         30 September 2018

             14 February 2012      3.810 14 February 2012 to     1 September 2012 to        400,000             –            –     (400,000)             –
                                           31 August 2012           30 September 2018

                                          14 February 2012 to    1 September 2013 to        400,000             –            –     (400,000)             –
                                            31 August 2013          30 September 2018

                                          14 February 2012 to    1 September 2014 to        400,000             –            –     (400,000)             –
                                            31 August 2014          30 September 2018

                                          14 February 2012 to    1 September 2015 to        400,000             –            –     (400,000)             –
                                            31 August 2015          30 September 2018

                                          14 February 2012 to    1 September 2016 to        400,000             –            –     (400,000)             –
                                            31 August 2016          30 September 2018




176                                                  Skyworth Group Limited                Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




48. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
   For the nine months ended 31 December 2018 (Continued)

   Under 2008 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

                                                                                Outstanding                                                Outstanding
                                                                                         at      Granted         Exercised      Lapsed              at
                       Exercise                                                      1 April       during           during       during    31 December
    Date of grant         price Vesting period        Exercisable period               2018    the period       the period   the period           2018
                          HK$
    29 November 2012     4.582 29 November 2012 to    1 September 2013 to           120,000             –                –     (120,000)             –
                                 31 August 2013          30 September 2018

                                29 November 2012 to   1 September 2014 to           120,000             –                –     (120,000)             –
                                  31 August 2014         30 September 2018

                                29 November 2012 to   1 September 2015 to           220,000             –                –     (220,000)             –
                                  31 August 2015         30 September 2018

                                29 November 2012 to   1 September 2016 to           220,000             –                –     (220,000)             –
                                   31 August 2016        30 September 2018

                                29 November 2012 to   1 September 2017 to           220,000             –                –     (220,000)             –
                                   31 August 2017        30 September 2018

    28 June 2013         3.982 28 June 2013 to        1 September 2017 to         2,000,000             –                –   (2,000,000)             –
                                 31 August 2017          30 September 2018

                                28 June 2013 to       1 September 2018 to         2,000,000             –                –   (2,000,000)             –
                                  31 August 2018         30 September 2018

    29 July 2013         3.990 29 July 2013 to        1 September 2014 to           100,000             –                –     (100,000)             –
                                 31 August 2014          30 September 2018

                                29 July 2013 to       1 September 2015 to           100,000             –                –     (100,000)             –
                                  31 August 2015         30 September 2018

                                29 July 2013 to       1 September 2016 to           140,000             –                –     (140,000)             –
                                  31 August 2016         30 September 2018

                                29 July 2013 to       1 September 2017 to           260,000             –                –     (260,000)             –
                                  31 August 2017         30 September 2018

                                29 July 2013 to       1 September 2018 to           260,000             –                –     (260,000)             –
                                  31 August 2018         30 September 2018

    9 September 2013     4.368 9 September 2013 to    1 September 2014 to            40,000             –                –      (40,000)             –
                                  31 August 2014         30 September 2018

                                9 September 2013 to   1 September 2015 to           240,000             –                –     (240,000)             –
                                   31 August 2015       30 September 2018

                                9 September 2013 to   1 September 2016 to           240,000             –                –     (240,000)             –
                                   31 August 2016       30 September 2018

                                9 September 2013 to   1 September 2017 to           240,000             –                –     (240,000)             –
                                   31 August 2017        30 September 2018

                                9 September 2013 to   1 September 2018 to           240,000             –                –     (240,000)             –
                                   31 August 2018        30 September 2018




                                          Annual Report 2019                 Skyworth Group Limited                                                      177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      48. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           For the nine months ended 31 December 2018 (Continued)

           Under 2008 Share Option Scheme (Continued)

                                                                                        Outstanding                                             Outstanding
                                                                                                 at      Granted     Exercised      Lapsed               at
                                 Exercise                                                    1 April       during       during       during     31 December
             Date of grant          price Vesting period         Exercisable period            2018    the period   the period   the period            2018
                                    HK$
             9 September 2013      4.368 9 September 2013 to     1 September 2015 to      2,500,000             –            –    (2,500,000)             –
                                            31 August 2015         30 September 2018

                                          9 September 2013 to    1 September 2016 to      2,500,000             –            –    (2,500,000)             –
                                             31 August 2016        30 September 2018

                                          9 September 2013 to    1 September 2017 to      2,500,000             –            –    (2,500,000)             –
                                             31 August 2017        30 September 2018

             19 September 2013     4.212 19 September 2013 to    1 September 2014 to        400,000             –            –      (400,000)             –
                                           31 August 2014           30 September 2018

                                          19 September 2013 to   1 September 2015 to        400,000             –            –      (400,000)             –
                                            31 August 2015          30 September 2018

                                          19 September 2013 to   1 September 2016 to        400,000             –            –      (400,000)             –
                                            31 August 2016          30 September 2018

                                          19 September 2013 to   1 September 2017 to        400,000             –            –      (400,000)             –
                                            31 August 2017          30 September 2018

                                          19 September 2013 to   1 September 2018 to        400,000             –            –      (400,000)             –
                                            31 August 2018          30 September 2018

             24 April 2014         4.022 24 April 2014 to        1 September 2015 to        266,000             –            –      (266,000)             –
                                           31 August 2015           30 September 2018

                                          24 April 2014 to       1 September 2016 to        266,000             –            –      (266,000)             –
                                             31 August 2016         30 September 2018

                                          24 April 2014 to       1 September 2017 to        268,000             –            –      (268,000)             –
                                            31 August 2017          30 September 2018

             9 July 2014           3.870 9 July 2014 to          1 September 2015 to        750,000             –            –      (750,000)             –
                                            31 August 2015          30 September 2018

                                          9 July 2014 to         1 September 2016 to        750,000             –            –      (750,000)             –
                                             31 August 2016         30 September 2018

                                          9 July 2014 to         1 September 2017 to        750,000             –            –      (750,000)             –
                                             31 August 2017         30 September 2018

                                          9 July 2014 to         1 August 2018 to           750,000             –            –      (750,000)             –
                                             31 July 2018          30 September 2018
                                                                                         62,878,500             –            –   (62,878,500)             –




178                                                  Skyworth Group Limited                Annual Report 2019
                  Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




48. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
   For the nine months ended 31 December 2018 (Continued)

   Under 2014 Share Option Scheme

                                                                               Outstanding                                                 Outstanding
                                                                                        at      Granted         Exercised      Lapsed               at
                       Exercise                                                     1 April       during           during       during     31 December
    Date of grant         price Vesting period        Exercisable period              2018    the period       the period   the period            2018
                          HK$
    15 December 2015     4.830 15 December 2015 to    15 December 2016 to         3,300,000            –                –    (3,300,000)              –
                                 14 December 2016       30 September 2018

                                15 December 2015 to   15 December 2017 to         3,300,000            –                –    (3,300,000)              –
                                  14 December 2017      30 September 2018

                                15 December 2015 to   31 December 2018 to         3,400,000            –                –    (3,400,000)              –
                                  30 March 2018         30 September 2018

    22 January 2016      4.226 22 January 2016 to     1 September 2016 to        14,852,000            –                –             –      14,852,000
                                 30 August 2016          20 August 2024

                                22 January 2016 to    1 September 2017 to        17,154,000            –                –             –      17,154,000
                                  30 August 2017         20 August 2024

                                22 January 2016 to    1 September 2018 to        25,692,000            –                –             –      25,692,000
                                  30 August 2018         20 August 2024

    8 July 2016          6.320 8 July 2016 to         1 September 2017 to         2,500,000            –                –             –       2,500,000
                                  31 August 2017         20 August 2024

                                8 July 2016 to        1 September 2018 to         2,500,000            –                –             –       2,500,000
                                   31 August 2018        20 August 2024

                                8 July 2016 to        1 September 2019 to         2,500,000            –                –             –       2,500,000
                                   31 August 2019        20 August 2024

                                8 July 2016 to        1 September 2020 to         2,500,000            –                –             –       2,500,000
                                   31 August 2020        20 August 2024

    9 August 2017        4.090 9 August 2017 to       1 September 2018 to          500,000             –                –             –        500,000
                                 31 August 2018          20 August 2024

                                9 August 2017 to      1 September 2019 to          500,000             –                –             –        500,000
                                  31 August 2019         20 August 2024

                                9 August 2017 to      1 September 2020 to          500,000             –                –             –        500,000
                                  31 August 2020         20 August 2024

                                9 August 2017 to      1 September 2021 to          500,000             –                –             –        500,000
                                  31 August 2021         20 August 2024
                                                                                 79,698,000            –                –   (10,000,000)     69,698,000
                                                                                142,576,500            –                –   (72,878,500)     69,698,000




                                           Annual Report 2019               Skyworth Group Limited                                                        179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      49. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
           The Company has applied HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment to account for its share options (Note (i)) and share
           awards (Note (ii)) and Skyworth Digital’s share awards (Note (iii)) . Amounts of share-based payment expenses of
           RMB28 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB4 million) for share options, RMB10 million
           (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB17 million) for share awards of the Company and RMB10
           million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB21 million) for restricted share incentive scheme of
           Skyworth Digital have been recognised in the profit or loss in the year ended 31 December 2019.

           Note (i): Share options of the Company


                    The particulars of the share option schemes of the Company, and the details of and the movements in
                    share options during the year ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months ended 31 December 2018 are
                    disclosed in note 48. A summary of which is presented below:

                                                                                                        Year ended                                       Nine months ended
                                                                                                     31 December 2019                                    31 December 2018
                                                                                                   Number of              Weighted                      Number of                   Weighted
                                                                                                       share                average                         share                      average
                                                                                                     options           exercise price                     options                exercise price
                                                                                                                                 HK$                                                      HK$
                      Outstanding at the beginning of the year/period                               69,698,000                       4.523             142,576,500                           4.460
                      Granted during the year/period                                                55,400,000                       2.680                       –                               –
                      Lapsed during the year/period                                                          –                           –             (72,878,500)                          4.400
                      Outstanding at the end of the year/period                                    125,098,000                       3.707              69,698,000                           4.523
                      Exercisable at the end of the year/period                                     88,358,000                                          63,198,000


                    The share options outstanding as at 31 December 2019 have a weighted average remaining contractual life
                    of 4.64 years (31 December 2018: 5.64 years) and the exercise prices of which range from HK$2.680 to
                    HK$6.320 (31 December 2018: HK$4.090 to HK$6.320).


                    Share option expenses charge to profit or loss are based on valuation determined using the Black-Scholes
                    Model. Share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2019 were valued based on the following
                    assumptions:

                                                                                                                    Total fair
                                         Number of                                                    Fair value     value of Share price                                        Expected
                                      share options                                                          per      options    at date    Exercise    Expected     Dividend     interest    Risk free
                      Date of grant         granted   Vesting period        Exercisable period           option      granted    of grant       price    volatility       yield        rate         rate
                                                                                                            HK$          HK$         HK$        HK$            %           %           %            %
                      15 April 2019     22,160,000    15 April 2019 to      30 September 2019 to         0.7707    17,078,468        2.62      2.68         44.47        3.57        1.62         0.75
                                                        29 September 2019     20 August 2024
                      15 April 2019     16,620,000    15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to         0.7930    13,179,843        2.62      2.68         44.47        3.57        1.62         0.75
                                                        29 September 2020     20 August 2024
                      15 April 2019     16,620,000    15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to         0.8014    13,319,348        2.62      2.68         44.47        3.57        1.62         0.75
                                                        29 September 2021     20 August 2024
                                        55,400,000                                                                 43,577,659




180                                                    Skyworth Group Limited                        Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2019




49. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   Note (i): Share options of the Company (Continued)


            Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over previous
            years. The effects of time to vest, non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations have
            been taken into account in the model. The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of
            the share options are based on management’s best estimate. The value of share options varies with different
            variables of certain subjective assumptions.


            The Group recognised in the total expense of RMB28 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018:
            RMB4 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019 in relation to share options granted by the Company.


   Note (ii): Share awards of the Company


            On 24 June 2014, an employees’ share award scheme was adopted by the Company. The share award scheme
            is valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from 24 June 2014. Pursuant to the rules of the
            scheme, the Group has set up a trust for the purpose of administering the share award scheme and holding
            the awarded shares before they vest.


            During the year ended 31 December 2019, a total of 3,430,000 shares were vested and allotted (for the nine
            months ended 31 December 2018: 10,060,000 shares are awarded and 2,400,000 awarded shares were
            vested and allotted).


                                                 Outstanding                                                 Outstanding                                   Outstanding
                                                          at                    Movement                              at            Movement                        at
                                                      1 April                during the period               31 December         during the year           31 December
             Vesting dates                              2018     Awarded            Allotted      Lapsed            2018      Allotted           Lapsed           2019
             31 July 2018                                   –    2,400,000        (2,400,000)           –               –            –                –               –
             30 April 2019                                  –    3,830,000                 –     (400,000)      3,430,000   (3,410,000)         (20,000)              –
             30 April 2020                                  –    3,830,000                 –     (400,000)      3,430,000            –                –       3,430,000

                                                            –   10,060,000        (2,400,000)    (800,000)      6,860,000   (3,410,000)         (20,000)      3,430,000

             Weighted average fair value                    –     HK$3.63           HK$3.63      HK$3.63         HK$3.63      HK$3.63          HK$3.63         HK$3.63




            During the year ended 31 December 2019 and the nine months period ended 31 December 2018, no share
            of the Company was acquired for this scheme. As at 31 December 2019, there are 24,234,000 shares (2018:
            27,664,000 shares) held for such scheme with carrying amount of RMB83 million (2018: RMB98 million)
            accumulated in equity under the heading of “shares held for share award scheme”.


            The total fair value of the awarded shares determined at the date of grant is RMB31 million for the nine
            months ended 31 December 2018. The fair value of the awarded shares granted during the nine months
            ended 31 December 2018 was determined by reference to the closing share price of the Company at date of
            grant, which was HK$3.63 per share.


            The Group recognised in the total expense of RMB10 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018:
            RMB17 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019 in relation to share awards granted by the Company.




                                           Annual Report 2019          Skyworth Group Limited                                                                             181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      49. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
           Note (iii): Restricted share incentive scheme of Skyworth Digital


                    The restricted share incentive scheme was approved and adopted by the shareholders of Skyworth Digital,
                    an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company established in the PRC whose shares are listed on
                    the Shenzhen Stock Exchange at the special general meeting held on 31 August 2017. The restricted share
                    incentive scheme is valid and effective for a period of 4 years commencing from 31 August 2017.


                    During the year ended 31 December 2019, no restricted shares of Skyworth Digital have been awarded to
                    certain directors and employees of Skyworth Digital and 11,994,500 awarded shares were vested and allotted.
                    RMB84 million have been received for this restricted share incentive scheme as at 31 December 2019 as
                    disclosed in note 36(b).


                    During the nine months ended 31 December 2018, 4,608,000 restricted shares of Skyworth Digital have been
                    awarded to certain directors and employees of Skyworth Digital at RMB4.66 per share with a vesting period
                    of 1 year, 2 years or 3 years without dividend entitlement during the vesting period and 10,454,100 awarded
                    shares were vested and allotted. RMB159 million have been received for this restricted share incentive scheme
                    as at 31 December 2018 as disclosed in note 36(b).


                                                     Outstanding                                                  Outstanding                                          Outstanding
                                                              at                   Movement                                at             Movement                              at
                                                          1 April               during the period                 31 December          during the year                 31 December
                      Vesting dates                         2018    Awarded             Allotted       Lapsed            2018       Allotted                Lapsed            2019
                      3 September 2018                10,911,900            –       (10,454,100)     (457,800)               –             –                      –               –
                      3 September 2019                10,911,900            –                 –      (457,800)      10,454,100    (9,745,500)              (708,600)              –
                      3 September 2020                14,549,200            –                 –      (520,400)      14,028,800             –             (1,034,800)     12,994,000
                      11 June 2019                             –    2,304,000                 –             –        2,304,000    (2,249,000)               (55,000)              –
                      11 June 2020                             –    2,304,000                 –             –        2,304,000             –                (55,000)      2,249,000

                                                      36,373,000    4,608,000       (10,454,100)    (1,436,000)     29,090,900   (11,994,500)            (1,853,400)     15,243,000

                      Weighted average fair value       RMB1.12      RMB2.53           RMB2.10       RMB1.14          RMB1.30      RMB1.39                RMB0.82         RMB0.73




                    The total fair value of the restricted shares granted by Skyworth Digital determined at the date of grant was
                    RMB12 million during the nine months ended 31 December 2018.


                    The fair value of restricted shares granted are based on valuation determined by reference to the closing
                    share price of Skyworth Digital at date of grant, which was RMB9.65 per share for the nine months ended 31
                    December 2018 and adjusted for the exercise price.


                    The Group recognised in the total expense of RMB10 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018:
                    RMB21 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019 in relation to restricted share incentive scheme of
                    Skyworth Digital.




182                                                 Skyworth Group Limited                   Annual Report 2019
        Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




50. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY AND DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY
   (a) Acquisition of 深圳神彩物流有限公司 ( “神彩物流 ”)

      On 22 February 2019, a sales and purchase agreement was entered into between (i) Skyworth Group Co.,
      Ltd, a subsidiary of the Company, and (ii) China Electronics Corporation (the “Seller”), in relation to the
      acquisition of equity interest in 神彩物流 by Skyworth Group Co., Ltd from the Seller.

      Pursuant to the sales and purchase agreement, Skyworth Group Co., Ltd acquired 100% equity interest in
      神彩物流.

      On 1 March 2019, all the conditions precedent under the sales and purchase agreement have been fulfilled.
      神彩物流 becomes an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company thereafter.

      The total consideration for the acquisition is RMB38 million, which is satisfied in cash.

      神彩物流 is principally engaged in the business of provision of logistics services. Acquisition of 神彩物流 is
      to accelerate the strategic layout and improve the logistics performance of the Group in the PRC.

      Acquisition-related costs relating the above acquisition are excluded from the cost of acquisition and have
      been recognised as an expense in the profit or loss.

      The net assets acquired in the transaction were as follows:

                                                                                                     RMB million
       Non-current Asset
       Property, plant and equipment                                                                          18

       Current Assets
       Inventories                                                                                            38
       Trade receivables                                                                                      43
       Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                                            20
       Bank balances and cash                                                                                 52

       Current Liabilities
       Trade payables                                                                                        (28)
       Other payables                                                                                        (60)
       Bank borrowings                                                                                       (60)

       Non-current Liability
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                                               (1)
                                                                                                              22




                                  Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                         183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      50. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY AND DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY (Continued)
           (a) Acquisition of 深圳神彩物流有限公司 ( “神彩物流 ”) (Continued)

                 The trade receivables acquired with a fair value of RMB43 million at the date of acquisition had gross
                 contractual amounts of RMB43 million. The best estimate at acquisition date of contractual cash flows not
                 expected to be collected is insignificant.

                 The goodwill arising on the acquisition is as follows:

                                                                                                             RMB million
                  Consideration                                                                                       38
                  Less: Net assets acquired                                                                          (22)
                  Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                     16


                 Goodwill arose in the acquisition of 神彩物流 because the cost of the combination included a control
                 premium. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination effectively included amounts in relation
                 to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue growth and future market development of 神彩物流. These
                 benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for
                 the identifiable intangible assets.

                 Net cash inflow arising on acquisition is as follows:

                                                                                                             RMB million
                  Cash consideration paid                                                                            (38)
                  Less: bank balances and cash acquired                                                               52
                  Net cash inflow for the year                                                                        14


                 Included in the profit during the year ended 31 December 2019 is RMB7 million attributable to 神彩物流.
                 Revenue during the year ended 31 December 2019 includes RMB185 million is attributable to 神彩物流.

                 Had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2019, total group revenue during the year ended 31
                 December 2019 would have been RMB37,320 million, and profit during the year ended 31 December 2019
                 would have been RMB1,028 million. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not
                 necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been
                 achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2019, nor is it intended to be a projection of
                 future results.




184                                         Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2019
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




50. ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY AND DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY (Continued)
   (b) Disposal of 遂寧錦華紡織有限公司 ( “Suining ”)

       On 11 June 2018, the Group disposed 94% equity interest in a non-wholly owned subsidiary, Suining,
       which engaged in spinning, weaving, manufacture and sales of textiles at a consideration of RMB30 million.

       The assets and liabilities over which control was lost at the date of disposal are as follow:

                                                                                                       RMB million
        Property, plant and equipment                                                                          62
        Prepaid lease payments on land use rights                                                              74
        Equity instruments at FVTPL                                                                             1
        Inventories                                                                                            23
        Trade receivables                                                                                      46
        Bank balances and cash                                                                                 16
        Trade payables                                                                                        (31)
        Borrowings                                                                                           (160)
        Deferred income                                                                                        (8)
                                                                                                               23


       The loss on disposal of a subsidiary arising on the disposal is as follows:

                                                                                                       RMB million
        Consideration                                                                                           30
        Less: Net assets disposed of                                                                           (23)
        Less: Derecognised goodwill                                                                            (39)
        Add: Non-controlling interests                                                                           2
        Loss on disposal of Suining                                                                            (30)


       Net cash inflow arising on the disposal is as follows:

                                                                                                       RMB million
        Cash consideration received                                                                             30
        Less: bank balances and cash disposed                                                                  (16)
        Net cash inflow for the period                                                                         14




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                          185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      51. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
           At 31 December 2019, the Group’s borrowings were secured by the following:

           (a)   legal charges over right of use assets (2018: prepaid lease payments on land use rights), and leasehold land
                 and buildings with carrying value of RMB202 million (2018: RMB17 million) and RMB202 million (2018:
                 RMB225 million), respectively;

           (b)   pledged bank deposits of RMB885 million (2018: RMB123 million);

           (c)   trade receivables of RMB19 million (2018: RMB25 million); and

           (d)   bills receivables of RMB686 million (2018: RMB500 million).

      52. OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
           The Group as lessee

           As at 31 December 2018, the Group had outstanding commitments for future minimum lease payments under
           non-cancellable operating leases in respect of rented land and buildings which fall due as follows:

                                                                                                                    As at
                                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                                                    2018
                                                                                                              RMB million
             Within one year                                                                                            72
             In the second to fifth year inclusive                                                                      81
             Over five years                                                                                            12
                                                                                                                      165


           Operating lease payments represent rentals payable by the Group for certain of its offices and factory premises.
           Leases are negotiated for terms ranging from one to six years and rentals are fixed over the term of the relevant
           leases.




186                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




52. OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS (Continued)
   The Group as lessor

   During the year, the Group earned rental income of RMB408 million (for the nine months ended 31 December
   2018: RMB272 million) from the lease of the Group’s properties. The leased properties have committed tenants
   for terms ranging from one to five years.

   Minimum lease payments receivable on leases are as follows:

                                                                                                          As at
                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                          2019
                                                                                                    RMB million
    Within one year                                                                                          355
    In the second year                                                                                       263
    In the third year                                                                                        199
    In the fourth year                                                                                       152
    In the five year                                                                                          92
    After five years                                                                                         371
                                                                                                           1,432


   As at 31 December 2018, the Group had contracted with tenants for the following future minimum lease
   payments:

                                                                                                           As at
                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                           2018
                                                                                                     RMB million
    Within one year                                                                                          283
    In the second to fifth year inclusive                                                                    583
    Over five years                                                                                          537
                                                                                                           1,403




                                  Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                         187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      53. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
           At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following capital commitments:

                                                                                                 As at             As at
                                                                                          31 December       31 December
                                                                                                 2019              2018
                                                                                           RMB million       RMB million
             Contracted but not provided for, in respect of:

             Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                             126               155
             Factory buildings and office premises under development                               455               414
                                                                                                   581               569


      54. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
           The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
           while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
           Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

           The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt which includes lease liabilities, borrowings, convertible
           bonds and corporate bonds disclosed in note 39, 42, 44 and 45, respectively, net of cash and cash equivalents,
           and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves.

           The directors of the Company review the capital structure periodically. As part of this review, the directors of
           the Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group will also
           balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as
           well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt, if necessary.




188                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (a) Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                    31 December          31 December
                                                                                           2019                 2018
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million
        Financial assets
        Financial assets at amortised cost                                                  23,188              23,944
        Equity instruments at FVTPL                                                          1,005                 463
        Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                         1,523               1,494
        Financial assets at FVTPL                                                               50                  37
        Finance lease receivables                                                              130                 128
        Financial liabilities
        Amortised cost                                                                      23,178              22,725
        Derivative financial instruments                                                       280                   3


   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies

       The Group’s major financial instruments include equity instruments at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI,
       loan receivables, finance lease receivables, investments in debt securities, financial assets at FVTPL, trade
       receivables, other receivables, pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash,
       trade payables, other payables, bills payables, lease liabilities, derivative financial instruments, amount due
       to a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary, borrowings, corporate bonds, convertible bond and other
       financial liabilities. Details of the financial instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated
       with these financial instruments include market risk (i.e. currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk),
       credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management
       manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and
       effective manner.

       Market risk
       The Group’s activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign exchange rate, interest
       rate and other price.




                                 Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                               189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Market risk (Continued)
                 Currency risk
                 The Group’s sales in the PRC represent over 70% (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: 74%)
                 of the Group’s total turnover. All of these sales transactions are conducted and denominated in RMB.
                 The Group needs to convert revenue in RMB into foreign currencies from time to time in order to meet
                 its ongoing obligations and payment of dividends. Although RMB is not a freely convertible currency, the
                 Group did not experience any difficulties in such conversion to meet operational requirements.

                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities
                 at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                       Assets                            Liabilities
                                                                   As at             As at             As at              As at
                                                            31 December       31 December       31 December        31 December
                                                                   2019              2018              2019               2018
                                                             RMB million       RMB million       RMB million         RMB million
                  US$ against RMB                                  1,402             1,206             3,524             1,606
                  HK$ against RMB                                     15                 –                72               404
                  EUR against HK$                                      1                 1               148               195
                  RMB against HK$                                      2                18                 –                 1


                 Currency risk sensitivity analysis
                 The directors of the Company considered that the Group’s exposure to RMB against HK$ is limited as
                 amounts involved are immaterial. Accordingly, no sensitivity to fluctuation in RMB against HK$ is presented.

                 The Group therefore exposes to fluctuations in US$ and HK$ against RMB and EUR against HK$. The
                 following table only details the Group’s sensitivity to a 5% increase and decrease in US$ and HK$ against
                 RMB and EUR against HK$. 5% is the sensitivity rate used when it represents management’s assessment of
                 the reasonably possible change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding
                 foreign currency denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the year end for a 5%
                 change in foreign currency rates. The sensitivity analysis mainly includes trade receivables, other receivables,
                 pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash, trade payables, other payables,
                 as well as borrowings. A positive number below indicates an increase in profit for the year/period where
                 US$ weaken 5% against RMB, HK$ weaken 5% against RMB and EUR weaken 5% against HK$. For a 5%
                 strengthening of US$ against RMB, 5% strengthening of HK$ against RMB and 5% strengthening of EUR
                 against HK$, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year/period.




190                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Market risk (Continued)
       Currency risk (Continued)
       Currency risk sensitivity analysis (Continued)

                                                                                                     Nine months
                                                                                    Year ended             ended
                                                                                  31 December        31 December
                                                                                          2019              2018
                                                                                   RMB million        RMB million
        Profit for the year/period
        US$ against RMB                                                                      90                  17
        HK$ against RMB                                                                       2                 (17)
        EUR against HK$                                                                       6                   8


       In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the foreign exchange risk inherent in
       the financial assets and liabilities, as the exposure at the end of the reporting period does not represent the
       exposure during the year/period.

       Interest rate risk
       The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk as certain of its pledged bank deposits, restricted bank
       deposits, bank balances and borrowings are subject to floating interest rates (see note 42 for details of the
       borrowings). It is the Group’s policy to keep majority of its borrowings at floating rate of interests so as to
       minimise the fair value interest rate risk. Management will also consider hedging significant interest rate
       exposure should the need arise.

       The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to its loan receivables, finance lease
       receivables, investments in debt securities, customer deposits, corporate bonds, convertible bonds, lease
       liabilities and borrowings which are interest bearing at fixed-rate.

       The management considered that the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to pledged bank
       deposits, restricted bank deposits, and bank balances is minimal, accordingly, no sensitivity analysis is
       presented for both year/period.

       The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly related to the fluctuation of Euro Interbank Offered Rate,
       PBOC lending rate and LIBOR against the Group’s borrowings.




                                Annual Report 2019      Skyworth Group Limited                                           191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Market risk (Continued)
                 Interest rate risk (Continued)
                 Interest rate risk sensitivity analysis
                 The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to floating interest rates for
                 borrowings at the end of the reporting period and assumed the amounts outstanding at the end of the
                 reporting period were outstanding for the whole year/period and held constant throughout the financial
                 year/period. If interest rates on interest bearing borrowings had been 50 basis points higher/lower
                 and all other variables were held constant, the post-tax profit for the year would decrease/increase by
                 approximately RMB16 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB19 million).

                 Other price risk
                 (i) Price risk on listed and unlisted equity securities and unlisted investment funds
                       The Group is exposed to other price risk through its investments in listed and unlisted equity securities
                       and unlisted investment funds (as disclosed in notes 24 and 30). In addition, the Group has appointed
                       the management to monitor the price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the
                       need arise.

                       Price risk sensitivity analysis
                       The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks at
                       the end of the reporting period.

                       If the prices of the respective equity instruments had been 10% (2018: 10%) higher/lower:

                       •     post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2019 would increase/decrease by RMB84
                             million as a result of the changes in fair value of equity instruments at FVTPL and financial assets
                             at FVTPL (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB43 million); and

                       •     FVTOCI reserve would increase/decrease by RMB129 million (for the nine months ended 31
                             December 2018: RMB127 million) as a result of the changes in fair value of equity instruments
                             at FVTOCI investments.




192                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Other price risk (Continued)
       (ii) Price risk on derivative component of the convertible bonds (note 44)
             For the year ended 31 December 2019, the Company is required to estimate the fair value of the
             derivative component of the convertible bonds, including conversion options, with changes in fair
             value to be recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss as long as the convertible bonds
             are outstanding. The fair value will be affected either positively or negatively, amongst others, by the
             changes in the share price of Skyworth Digital, expected volatility and risk free rate.

            Sensitivity analysis
             If the share price of Skyworth Digital had been 5% higher/lower and all other input variables of the
             valuation model were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December
             2019 would increase/decrease by RMB102 million, as a result of changes in fair value of the derivative
             component of the convertible bonds.

             If the expected volatility of share prices of Skyworth Digital had been 5% higher/lower and all other
             input variables of the valuation model were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year
             ended 31 December 2019 would increase/decrease by RMB231 million, as a result of changes in fair
             value of the derivative component of the convertible bonds.

             In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analyses above are unrepresentative of the inherent price risk
             as the pricing model used in the valuation of these derivatives involves multiple variables and certain
             variables are interdependent.

       Credit risk and impairment assessment
       As at 31 December 2019, the maximum exposure to credit risk by the Group which will cause a financial
       loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying
       amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial
       position.

       In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has delegated a team responsible
       for determination of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the Group
       uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit
       limits by customer. Limits and scoring attributed to customers are reviewed once a year. Other monitoring
       procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In addition, the
       Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets at amortised cost individually
       or collectively based on provision matrix. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the
       Group’s credit risk is significantly reduced.




                                   Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                          193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 In order to minimise the credit risk on bills received from customers, the Group will only accept bills issued
                 by certain licensed banks with high credit ratings. Before accepting any bills from customers, the Group will
                 verify the validity of each bill. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit
                 risk associated with its bills receivable is limited.

                 The credit risk on investments in debt securities and other receivables is limited because the directors of
                 the Company have monitored the settlement and expect that the general economic conditions will not
                 significantly change for the 12 months after the reporting date.

                 The credit risk on finance lease receivables are limited because all receivables are secured over the plant and
                 machinery leased.

                 The pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances are placed in a number of
                 counterparties, most of which are licensed banks with high credit ratings. As such, the credit risk on liquid
                 funds is limited.

                 The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in PRC, which accounted for
                 79% (2018: 89%) and 100% (2018: 100%) of the total trade receivables and loan receivable respectively at
                 the end of the reporting period.

                 The Group has no other significant concentration of credit risk with exposure spread over a number of
                 counterparties and customers, and industries.




194                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
       The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                                                                       Trade receivables      Other
        Internal                                                       and finance lease      financial assets/
        credit rating Description                                      receivables            other items
        P1             Listed companies, subsidiaries of listed        Life time ECL          12m ECL
                          companies or large private company with         – not credit
                          over 3 years business relationship with no      impaired
                          history of default or the counterparty has
                          a low risk of default

        P2             Large private company with less than 3 years    Life time ECL          12m ECL
                         business relationship with no history of         – not credit
                         default                                          impaired

        P3             Small private company with less than 3 years    Life time ECL          12m ECL
                         business relationship with no history of         – not credit
                         default                                          impaired

        P4             There is evidence indicating the asset is       Life time ECL          Life time ECL
                         credit-impaired but the Group has realistic      – credit impaired      – credit impaired
                         prospect of recovery

        P5             There is evidence indicating the asset is       Life time ECL          Life time ECL
                         credit-impaired for more than 12 months          – credit impaired      – credit impaired
                         but the Group has realistic prospect of
                         recovery

        P6             There is evidence indicating that the debtor    Life time ECL          Life time ECL
                         is in severe financial difficulty                – credit impaired      – credit impaired

        Write-off      There is evidence indicating that the debtor    Amount is              Amount is
                         is in severe financial difficulty and the      written off            written off
                         Group has no realistic prospect of recovery




                               Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                          195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets and finance lease
                 receivables, which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                    Internal    12m
                  31 December 2019                                credit rating or lifetime ECL                        Gross carrying amount
                                                          Notes                                                      RMB million     RMB million
                  Financial assets at amortised cost

                  Loan receivables                         25         P1        12m ECL                                   1,699
                                                                      P2        12m ECL                                      22
                                                                      P3        12m ECL                                       2
                                                                      P4        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              300
                                                                      P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              290
                                                                      P6        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              122           2,435
                  Investments in debt securities           29         P1        12m ECL                                      83                 83
                     (note (ii))
                  Trade receivables                        31         P1        Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        8,767
                                                                      P2        Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        2,262
                                                                      P3        Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        3,035
                                                                      P4        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              408
                                                                      P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               89
                                                                      P6        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              102          14,663
                  Other receivables (note (ii))            32         P1        12m ECL                                     522
                                                                      P2        12m ECL                                      11
                                                                      P3        12m ECL                                      62
                                                                      P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               30                625
                  Pledged bank deposits                    35      (Note (i))   12m ECL                                     885                885

                  Restricted bank deposits                 35      (Note (i))   12m ECL                                     411                411

                  Bank balances                            35      (Note (i))   12m ECL                                   4,806           4,806

                  Other items

                  Finance lease receivables (note (ii))    33         P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              130                130




196                                                 Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                                                          Internal
        31 December 2018                                credit rating 12m or lifetime ECL                      Gross carrying amount
                                                Notes                                                        RMB million     RMB million
        Financial assets at amortised cost

        Loan receivables                         25            P1       12m ECL                                   1,728
                                                               P2       12m ECL                                      94
                                                               P3       12m ECL                                      43
                                                               P4       Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired            1,090
                                                               P5       Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               10
                                                               P6       Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               81           3,046
        Investments in debt securities           29            P1       12m ECL                                     150
           (note (ii))                                         P5       Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired                8                158
        Trade receivables                        31            P1       Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        7,577
                                                               P2       Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        6,475
                                                               P3       Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        1,793
                                                               P4       Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              720
                                                               P5       Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               55
                                                               P6       Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               93          16,713
        Other receivables (note (ii))            32            P1       12m ECL                                     820
                                                               P4       Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired                7                827
        Pledged bank deposits                    35      (Note (i))     12m ECL                                     123                123

        Restricted bank deposits                 35      (Note (i))     12m ECL                                     335                335

        Bank balances                            35      (Note (i))     12m ECL                                   3,314           3,314

        Other items

        Finance lease receivables (note (ii))    33            P4       Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              128                128


       Notes:


       (i)      The counterparties are licensed banks with high credit ratings and the risk of default on liquid funds is
                limited.


       (ii)     Gross carrying amounts of investments in debt securities, other receivables and finance lease receivables are
                adjusted for their corresponding impairment loss.




                                          Annual Report 2019        Skyworth Group Limited                                                   197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating. The following
                 table provides information about the exposure to credit risk which are assessed based on provision matrix
                 as at the end of the reporting period. Credit-impaired trade receivables, loan receivables, investments in
                 debt securities, other receivables and finance lease receivables with gross carrying amounts of RMB599
                 million, RMB712 million, nil, RMB30 million and RMB130 million respectively as at 31 December 2019
                 (2018: RMB868 million, RMB1,181 million, RMB8 million, RMB7 million and RMB128 million) were assessed
                 individually.

                 Gross carrying amount
                 As at 31 December 2019

                                                                                               Investments
                  Internal                        Average            Trade            Loan          in debt           Other
                  credit rating                   loss rate    receivables      receivables       securities    receivables
                                                               RMB million     RMB million     RMB million      RMB million
                  P1                                0.03%             8,767           1,699               83             522
                  P2                                1.32%             2,262              22                –              11
                  P3                                3.24%             3,035               2                –              64
                                                                     14,064           1,723               83             595


                 As at 31 December 2018

                                                                                                Investments
                  Internal                         Average             Trade           Loan          in debt           Other
                  credit rating                    loss rate     receivables     receivables       securities     receivables
                                                                RMB million     RMB million     RMB million      RMB million
                  P1                                0.02%             7,577           1,728             150              820
                  P2                                1.24%             6,475              94               –                –
                  P3                                2.79%             1,793              43               –                –
                                                                     15,845           1,865             150              820




198                                         Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
       Gross carrying amount (Continued)
       The estimated loss rates are estimated based on average of market corporate default rates and are adjusted
       for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The grouping is regularly
       reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.

       During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group provided RMB110 million (for the nine months ended
       31 December 2018: RMB97 million) net impairment allowance for trade receivables.

       The following table shows the movement in allowance for credit losses that has been recognised for trade
       receivables under the simplified approach.

                                                                       Lifetime             Lifetime
                                                                            ECL                  ECL
                                                                   – not credit-            – credit-
                                                                      impaired             impaired              Total
                                                                    RMB million          RMB million        RMB million
         As at 1 April 2018                                                   26                 174                200
         Change due to financial instruments
            recognised as at 1 April 2018:
         – Impairment loss recognised                                          –                  98                  98
         – Impairment loss reversed                                          (14)               (123)               (137)
         New financial assets originated or purchased                        136                   –                 136
         As at 31 December 2018                                              148                 149                297
         Change due to financial instruments
            recognised as at 1 January 2019:
         – Transfer to credit-impaired (Note (1))                            (25)                 25                   –
         – Impairment loss recognised                                          –                 170                 170
         – Impairment loss reversed                                         (123)                (67)               (190)
         – Written-off (Note (2))                                              –                  (9)                 (9)
         New financial assets originated or purchased                        130                   –                 130
         As at 31 December 2019                                              130                 268                398


       Notes:


       (1)      Certain trade receivables with gross carrying amount of RMB25 million (2018: nil) are defaulted and
                transferred to credit impaired during the year ended 31 December 2019.


       (2)      The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the borrower is in severe
                financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the borrower has been placed
                under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. The Group has taken legal action against the
                borrowers to recover the amount due.




                                    Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                              199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 Gross carrying amount (Continued)
                 The following table shows the movement in allowance for credit losses that has been recognised for loan
                 receivables.

                                                                                                     Lifetime
                                                                                                          ECL
                                                                                                     – credit-
                                                                                12m ECL             impaired               Total
                                                                              RMB million         RMB million         RMB million
                   As at 1 April 2018                                                  111                  98                209
                   Change due to financial instruments
                      recognised as at 1 April 2018:
                   Transfer to credit-impaired (Note (1))                             (109)                109                  –
                   – Impairment loss recognised                                          –                 130                130
                   – Written-offs (Note (2))                                             –                 (65)               (65)
                   New financial assets originated or purchased                          1                   –                  1
                   As at 31 December 2018                                                 3                272                275
                   Change due to financial instruments
                      recognised as at 1 January 2019:
                   – Impairment loss recognised                                           –                109                109
                   – Impairment loss reversed                                            (2)               (72)               (74)
                   As at 31 December 2019                                                 1                309                310


                 Notes:


                 (1)      Certain loan receivables with gross carrying amount of RMB109 million were defaulted and transferred to
                          credit impaired during the nine months ended 31 December 2018.


                 (2)      The Group writes off a loan receivable when there is information indicating that the borrower is in severe
                          financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the borrower has been placed
                          under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. The Group has taken legal action against the
                          borrowers to recover the amount due.




200                                           Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
       In addition,

       •     the Group recognised impairment for credit losses for its credit-impaired investments in debt securities
             amounted to RMB8 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB34 million) for the
             year ended 31 December 2019 under lifetime ECL. There is no transfer of loss allowances from 12m
             ECL to lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired) or lifetime ECL (credit-impaired) occurred during the period;

       •     the Group recognised impairment for credit losses for its credit-impaired other receivables amounted
             to RMB66 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB11 million) for the year ended
             31 December 2019; and

       •     the Group recognised impairment for credit losses for its credit-impaired finance lease receivables
             amounted to RMB3 million (for the nine months ended 31 December 2018: RMB4 million) for the
             year ended 31 December 2019.

       Liquidity risk
       In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
       equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
       effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures
       compliance with loan covenants.

       The Group relies on borrowings as a significant source of liquidity. As at 31 December 2019, the Group has
       available unutilised borrowing facilities of approximately RMB8,552 million (2018: RMB10,621 million).

       The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
       liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based
       on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for other financial
       liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates. The table includes both interest and principal cash
       flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from prevailing
       market interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

       In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments.
       The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash outflows (inflows) on
       derivative financial instruments that settle on a net basis. The liquidity analysis for the Group’s derivative
       financial instruments are prepared based on the contractual maturities as the management considers that
       the contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                              201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Liquidity risk (Continued)
                 Liquidity and interest risk tables
                                                                                                                    Over 3          Over 1
                                                                   Weighted Repayable on                        months but        year but                                Carrying
                                                                     average   demand or                          not more       not more                        Total  amount at
                                                                    effective    less than            1 to 3           than           than          Over undiscounted 31 December
                                                                interest rate     1 month           months           1 year        5 years        5 years  cash flows         2019
                                                                              RMB million        RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million RMB million RMB million
                  31 December 2019
                  Non-derivative financial liabilities
                  Trade payables                                           –            2,675          2,451          1,433              –             –           6,559         6,559
                  Other payables                                           –              551            166          1,026              –             –           1,743         1,743
                  Other financial liabilities                            8%                 –              –              –            371             –             371           285
                  Bills payable                                            –              555          1,273          1,672              –             –           3,500         3,500
                  Borrowings – variable rate                          3.70%               414          1,099          1,987          1,135             –           4,635         4,335
                  Borrowings – fixed rate                             3.69%               368            513          2,891            189             –           3,961         3,842
                  Corporate bonds                                     5.48%                 –              –          2,185              –             –           2,185         1,990
                  Convertible bonds                                   5.62%                 –              –              4             51         1,196           1,251           924
                  Lease liabilities                                   4.15%                 6             11             19            128             2             166           146
                                                                                        4,569          5,513         11,217          1,874         1,198          24,371        23,324

                  Derivatives financial instruments, net
                  Foreign currently forward contracts                                       –              –              4              –             –               4             4


                                                                                                                     Over 3         Over 1
                                                                    Weighted     Repayable on                    months but        year but                                    Carrying
                                                                      average      demand or                       not more       not more                          Total    amount at
                                                                     effective       less than        1 to 3            than           than        Over     undiscounted      31 March
                                                                 interest rate       1 month         months           1 year        5 years      5 years      cash flows          2019
                                                                                  RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
                  31 December 2018
                  Non-derivative financial liabilities
                  Trade payables                                            –           3,018          2,957            660              –             –           6,635         6,635
                  Other payables                                            –           1,184             19            168              –             –           1,371         1,371
                  Other financial liabilities                             8%                1              2             10            236             –             249           173
                  Bills payable                                            –              979          1,749          3,454              –             –           6,182         6,182
                  Amounts due to a non-controlling
                     shareholder of a subsidiary                           –               50              –              –              –             –              50            50
                  Borrowings – variable rate                          4.46%               335          1,545          1,880            841             –           4,601         4,442
                  Borrowings – fixed rate                             2.96%               520            715            660              –             2           1,897         1,882
                  Corporate bonds                                     5.48%                 –              –            218          2,185             –           2,403         1,990
                                                                                        6,087          6,987          7,050          3,262             2          23,388        22,725

                  Derivatives financial instruments, net
                  Foreign currently forward contracts                                       –              –              3              –             –               3             3




202                                                        Skyworth Group Limited                  Annual Report 2019
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities is
       subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined
       at the end of the reporting period.

       Borrowings with a repayment on demand clause are included in the “Repayable on demand or less than 1
       month” time band in the above maturity analysis. As at 31 December 2019, the aggregate undiscounted
       principal amounts of these borrowings amounted to RMB101 million (2018: RMB299 million). Taking
       into account the Group’s financial position, the directors do not believe that it is probable that the
       banks will exercise their discretionary rights to demand immediate repayment. The directors believe that
       such borrowings will be repaid in accordance with the scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan
       agreements. At that time, the aggregate principal and interest cash outflows will amount to RMB102 million
       (2018: RMB300 million).

                                                                    Maturity Analysis – borrowings subject to a repayment
                                                                     on demand clause based on scheduled repayments

                                         Weighted                                     Over 3           Over 1
                                           average          Less                  months but         year but        Total
                                          effective        than         1 to 3      not more        not more undiscounted       Carrying
                                      interest rate     1 month       months      than 1 year    than 5 years  cash flows        amount
                                                      RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million  RMB million    RMB million
        31 December 2019                    1.10%              –              –           102              –            102          101
        31 December 2018                    1.47%            141              –           159              –            300          299




                                Annual Report 2019        Skyworth Group Limited                                                            203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments

                 This note provides information about how the Group determines fair values of various financial assets and
                 financial liabilities.

                 (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
                       fair value on a recurring basis
                       Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end
                       of each reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these
                       financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and
                       inputs used),as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are
                       categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is
                       observable.

                       •        Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
                                market for identical assets or liabilities;

                       •        Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices
                                included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices)
                                or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and

                       •        Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs
                                for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

                                                                Fair value as at
                                                          31 December      31 December
                           Financial assets/                     2019             2018     Fair value   Valuation technique(s)
                           (financial liabilities)         RMB million       RMB million   hierarchy    and key input(s)
                           Equity instruments
                              at FVTPL
                           Listed equity securities                393               73    Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an active market
                           Unlisted equity securities              612              390    Level 3      Market approach
                                                                                           (Note (a))
                                                                                                        Valuations are derived by
                                                                                                           the earnings attributable
                                                                                                           to owners of the investment,
                                                                                                           price of earnings multiples of
                                                                                                           comparable and discount for
                                                                                                           the marketability.
                                                                 1,005              463




204                                              Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

       (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
              fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

                                                        Fair value as at
                                                  31 December      31 December
               Financial assets/                         2019             2018       Fair value   Valuation technique(s)
               (financial liabilities)             RMB million       RMB million     hierarchy    and key input(s)
               Equity instruments
                  at FVTOCI
               Listed equity securities                    121                  –   Level 1       Quoted bid prices in an active market
               Unlisted equity securities                1,402              1,494   Level 3       Market approach
                                                                                    (Note (b))
                                                                                                  Valuations are derived by
                                                                                                     the earnings attributable
                                                                                                     to owners of the investment,
                                                                                                     price of earnings multiples of
                                                                                                     comparable and discount for the
                                                                                                     marketability.
                                                         1,523              1,494
               Financial assets
                  at FVTPL
               Unlisted investment funds                      50              37    Level 3       Discounted cash flow
                                                                                    (Note (c))
                                                                                                  Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                                     based on expected applicable
                                                                                                     yield of the underlying investment
                                                                                                     portfolio and adjustments of
                                                                                                     related expenses, discounted at a
                                                                                                     rate that reflects the credit risk of
                                                                                                     various counterparties.




                                         Annual Report 2019        Skyworth Group Limited                                                    205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

                 (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
                       fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

                                                                 Fair value as at
                                                           31 December      31 December
                        Financial assets/                         2019             2018      Fair value   Valuation technique(s)
                        (financial liabilities)             RMB million       RMB million    hierarchy    and key input(s)
                        Derivative financial
                           instruments:
                        Foreign currency                              (4)              (3)   Level 2      Discounted cash flow
                           forward contract
                                                                                                          Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                                             based on forward exchange
                                                                                                             (from observable forward
                                                                                                             exchange at the end of the
                                                                                                             reporting period) and contracted
                                                                                                             forward rates, discounted at a
                                                                                                             rate that reflects the credit risk
                                                                                                             of various counterparties.

                        Derivative component of the                (276)               –     Level 3      Binomial option pricing model
                          convertible bonds                                                  (Note (d))
                                                                                                          Fair value is estimated based on share
                                                                                                             price, exercise price of Skyworth
                                                                                                             Digital, risk free rate, expected
                                                                                                             volatility and dividend yield.
                                                                   (280)               (3)




206                                               Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

       (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
              fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
              Notes:


              (a)      A slight decrease in discount rate on discount for lack of marketability used in valuation would result
                       in a significant increase in the fair value measurement of the unlisted equity securities at FVTPL, and
                       vice versa. A 5% decrease in the discount for lack of marketability holding all other variables constant
                       would increase the carrying amount of the unlisted equity securities at FVTPL by RMB31 million (2018:
                       RMB20 million).


              (b)      A slight decrease in discount rate on discount for lack of marketability used in valuation would result
                       in a significant increase in the fair value measurement of the unlisted equity securities at FVTOCI, and
                       vice versa. A 5% decrease in the discount for lack of marketability holding all other variables constant
                       would increase the carrying amount of the unlisted equity securities at FVTOCI by RMB76 million
                       (2018: RMB75 million).


              (c)      A slight increase in the expected yield would result in a significant increase in the fair value
                       measurement of the unlisted investment fund, and vice versa. A 5% increase in the expected yield
                       holding all other variables constant would increase the carrying amount of the unlisted investment
                       fund by RMB3 million (2018: RMB2 million).


              (d)      A slight increase in the expected volatility and share price of Skyworth Digital used in isolation would
                       result in significant increase in the fair value measurement of the derivative component, and vice
                       versa. A 5% increase in the share price of Skyworth Digital and expected volatility holding all other
                       variables constant would increase the carrying amount of the derivative component by RMB102
                       million and RMB231 million respectively.




                                     Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                                207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

                 (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
                       fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
                       Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets and financial
                       liability

                                                                                      Unlisted                          Unlisted
                                                                                   equity securities                investment funds
                                                                                   Equity               Equity             Financial
                                                                             instruments          instruments                 assets
                                                                                 at FVTPL           at FVTOCI              at FVTPL
                                                                              RMB million          RMB million           RMB million
                        At 1 April 2018                                               305               3,257                   120
                        Loss from changes in fair value
                           of equity instruments at FVTPL                             (26)                   –                     –
                        Fair value loss on investments
                           in equity instruments at FVTOCI                              –               (1,763)                    –
                        Investments                                                   123                    –                     5
                        Disposals                                                       –                    –                   (88)
                        Exchange realignment                                          (12)                   –                     –
                        At 31 December 2018                                           390               1,494                    37
                        Gain from changes in fair value
                           of equity instruments at FVTPL                             285                    –                     –
                        Fair value loss on investments
                           in equity instruments at FVTOCI                              –                  (92)                    –
                        Investments                                                   258                    –                    48
                        Disposals                                                     (48)                   –                   (35)
                        Transfer out of level 3 (note)                               (273)                   –                     –
                        At 31 December 2019                                           612               1,402                    50


                       All gains and losses included in other comprehensive income relate to equity instruments at FVTOCI
                       held at the end of the reporting period and are reported as changes of “FVTOCI reserve”.

                       Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement of financial liability, representing the derivative
                       component of the convertible bonds, is disclosed in note 44.

                       Note: During the year ended 31 December 2019, certain equity securities were transferred out of Level 3 of
                             the fair value hierarchy upon the listing of the related assets on the Sci-Tech Innovation Board in the
                             PRC. Details of the fair value measurement upon listing are disclosed in note 55(c).


                       During the nine months ended 31 December 2018, there were no transfers between levels of the fair value
                       hierarchy.




208                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2019




55. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

       (i)     Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
               fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
               Fair value measurements and valuation processes
               In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the
               extent it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified
               valuers to perform the valuation. The accounting team works closely with the qualified external
               valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. The fluctuations in
               the fair value of the assets and liabilities are explained to the board of directors of the Company.

               Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various
               assets and liabilities are disclosed above.

               No changes in the business or economic circumstances that significantly affect the fair value of
               financial instruments is considered by the directors of the Company.

       (ii)    Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
               on a recurring basis (but fair value disclosures are required)
               The directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities measured
               at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

               The fair values of the above financial assets and financial liabilities (categorised with Level 3 hierarchy)
               have been determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted
               cash flow analysis, with the most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk
               of counterparties.




                                   Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                               209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      56. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
           The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
           and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future
           cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
           activities.

                                                                              Amounts                                      Amount
                                                                               received                                    due to a
                                                                              for share                                       non-
                                                                                 award                                  controlling
                                                                                scheme                       Other     shareholder                                                  Derivative
                                                              Dividend             of a      Interest     financial            of a        Lease                    Convertible       financial    Corporate
                                                               payables      subsidiary     payables     liabilities     subsidiary    liabilities   Borrowings         bonds     instruments         bonds          Total
                                                             RMB million    RMB million   RMB million   RMB million     RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million   RMB million
                                                                                                                                                       (note 42)
             At 1 April 2018                                          –            204            60            163             60              –         7,476               –              –         1,990         9,953
             Non cash transactions:
                 Exchange realignment                                 –              –             –              –              –              –           (125)            –               –             –          (125)
                 Dividend recognised as distribution                241              –             –              –             32              –              –             –               –             –           273
                 Finance costs                                        –              –           325             10              –              –              –             –               –             –           335
                 Bills discounted to banks with recourse              –              –             –              –              –              –           (932)            –               –             –          (932)
                 Shares vested under the restricted share
                      incentive scheme of Skyworth Digital            –            (59)            –              –              –              –              –             –               –             –            (59)
             Financing cash flows:
                 Dividend paid                                     (241)             –             –              –            (42)             –              –             –               –             –          (283)
                 Interest paid                                        –              –          (349)             –              –              –              –             –               –             –          (349)
                 Amounts received for share award scheme
                      of a subsidiary                                 –             23             –              –              –              –              –              –              –             –             23
                 New borrowings raised                                –              –             –              –              –              –          7,080              –              –             –          7,080
                 Repayments of borrowings                             –              –             –              –              –              –         (7,175)                            –             –         (7,175)

             At 31 December 2018                                      –            168            36            173             50              –         6,324               –              –         1,990         8,741
             Adjustment upon application of HKFRS 16                  –              –             –              –              –            122             –               –              –             –           122

             As at 1 January 2019 (restated)                          –            168            36            173             50            122         6,324               –              –         1,990         8,863
             Non cash transactions:
                 Exchange realignment                                 –              –             –              –              –              –            35              –               –             –            35
                 Dividend recognised as distribution                160              –             –              –             63              –             –              –               –             –           223
                 Finance costs                                        –              –           429             14              –              8             –             33               –             –           484
                 New leases entered                                   –              –             –              –              –             79             –              –               –             –            79
                 Acquisition of a subsidiary                          –              –             –              –              –              –            60              –               –             –            60
                 Shares vested under the restricted share
                     incentive scheme of Skyworth Digital             –            (84)            –              –              –              –              –             –               –             –            (84)
                 Change in fair value of derivative
                     financial instruments                            –              –             –              –              –              –              –             –             136             –           136
             Financing cash flows:
                 Dividend paid                                     (160)             –             –              –           (113)             –              –             –               –             –          (273)
                 Interest paid                                        –              –          (423)             –              –             (8)             –             –               –             –          (431)
                 Repayments of lease liabilities                      –              –             –              –              –            (55)             –             –               –             –            (55)
                 New other financial liability raised                 –              –             –             98              –              –              –             –               –             –             98
                 New borrowings raised                                –              –             –              –              –              –         13,676             –               –             –        13,676
                 Repayments of borrowings                             –              –             –              –              –              –        (11,918)            –               –             –       (11,918)
                 New convertible bonds raised,
                     net of transaction costs                         –              –             –              –              –              –              –           891             140             –         1,031

             At 31 December 2019                                      –             84            42            285              –            146         8,177            924             276         1,990        11,924




210                                                                        Skyworth Group Limited                        Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




57. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   There are individual patent disputes which arise from time to time in the ordinary course of the business of the
   Group. The Group is in the course of processing these matters. The directors of the Company are of the view
   that these patent disputes will not have a material adverse impact on the consolidated financial statements of the
   Group.

58. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
   The employees of the Company’s Hong Kong subsidiaries participate in a defined contribution scheme which
   is registered under the Occupational Retirement Scheme Ordinance (the “ORSON Scheme”) or a Mandatory
   Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) established under the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance
   in December 2000. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the
   control of trustees. Certain employees who were members of the ORSO Scheme prior to the establishment of
   the MPF Scheme remained with the ORSO Scheme, whereas all new employees joining the Group on or after 1
   December 2000 are required to join the MPF Scheme.

   Under the rule of the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make contributions to
   the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income capped at $1,500 per month. The ORSO Scheme is funded
   by monthly contributions from both employees and the Group at 5% of the employees’ basic salary. The pension
   costs charged to profit or loss represent contributions payable to these funds by the Group at rates specified in
   the rules of these schemes.

   The employees of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are members of the state-managed retirement benefits scheme
   operated by the PRC government. The Company’s PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage
   of their employees’ payroll to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the
   Group with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme.

   The aggregate retirement benefits scheme contributions and pension costs for the Group’s employees, net of
   forfeited contributions, which have been dealt with in profit or loss, are as follows:

                                                                                                     Nine months
                                                                                   Year ended              ended
                                                                                 31 December         31 December
                                                                                         2019               2018
                                                                                  RMB million         RMB million
    Retirement benefit scheme contributions in Hong Kong                                      1                 1
    Pension costs in the PRC                                                                298               235
    Total retirement benefit scheme contributions                                           299               236


   At both 31 December 2019 and 2018, there were no forfeited contributions available to offset future employers’
   contributions to the schemes.




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      59. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
           During the year/period, in addition to the related party transactions disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated
           financial statements, the Group also has the following transactions with related parties:

           Trading transactions

           Joint ventures

                                                                                                               Nine months
                                                                                                  Year ended         ended
                                                                                                31 December    31 December
                                                                                                        2019          2018
                                                                                                 RMB million    RMB million
             Sales of finished goods                                                                     10              1
             Repair and maintenance service fee income                                                    1              1


           Associates

                                                                                                               Nine months
                                                                                                  Year ended         ended
                                                                                                31 December    31 December
                                                                                                        2019          2018
                                                                                                 RMB million    RMB million
             Interest paid                                                                                –              7
             Sales of finished goods                                                                    956          1,003
             Repair and maintenance service fee paid                                                      1              1


           Related parties

                                                                                                               Nine months
                                                                                                  Year ended         ended
                                                                                                31 December    31 December
                                                                                                        2019          2018
                                                                                                 RMB million    RMB million
             Interest income from loan receivables from a related party (Note)                           16             22
             Consultancy fee paid to a substantial shareholder of the Company                             3              2


           Note: The related party is controlled by a substantial shareholder of the Company.




212                                         Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2019




59. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
   Compensation of key management personnel

   The remuneration of directors and other members of key management including chief executive of the Company
   during the year/period was as follows:

                                                                                                  Nine months
                                                                                 Year ended             ended
                                                                               31 December        31 December
                                                                                       2019              2018
                                                                                RMB million        RMB million
    Short-term benefits                                                                   39                31
    Post-employment benefits                                                               1                 1
    Share-based payments                                                                  21                14
                                                                                          61                46


   The remuneration of directors and key management is reviewed by the remuneration committee having regard to
   the responsibilities and performance of the relevant individuals and market trends.




                                Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                         213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
           The following lists the subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2018 which, in the
           opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries
           would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

                                                                                                              Effective interest
                                                                                                            held by the Company
                                                         Place of            Issued and                           (Note (a))
                                                         incorporation/      fully paid share                  As at             As at
                                                         establishment/      capital/paid up            31 December 31 December
             Name of subsidiary                          operation           registered capital                 2019             2018    Principal activities
             Skyworth Holdings Limited                   Samoa               Ordinary shares US$1              100%             100%     Investment holding
             創維控股有限公司

             Skyworth Enterprises Limited                Samoa               Ordinary shares US$1              100%             100%     Investment holding
             創維實業有限公司

             Skyworth Investment                         The British         Ordinary shares                   100%             100%     Investment holding
                (Holdings) Limited                          Virgin Islands      HK$893
             創維投資（控股）有限公司
                                                                             Preference shares HK$990

             Skyworth TV Holdings Limited                Hong Kong           Ordinary shares                   100%             100%     Investment holding
             創維電視控股有限公司                                                         HK$30,600,000

                                                                             Non-voting
                                                                                deferred shares
                                                                                HK$2,500,000
                                                                               (Note (b))

             深圳創維－RGB電子有限公司                              PRC (Note (c))      Registered capital                100%             100%     Manufacture and sale of
             Shenzhen Chuangwei – RGB Electronics                              RMB700,000,000                                              consumer electronic products
                Co., Ltd.

             新創維電器（深圳）有限公司                               PRC (Note (d))      Registered capital                100%             100%     Manufacture of consumer electronic
             Skyworth Electrical Appliances (Shenzhen)                         US$21,180,000                                               products and property holding
                Co., Ltd.

             呼和浩特市創維建設發展有限公司                             PRC (Note (c))      Registered capital                100%             100%     Manufacture and sale of consumer
                                                                               US$24,400,000                                               electronic products

             創維集團科技園管理有限公司                               PRC (Note (c))      Registered capital                100%             100%     Manufacture of consumer electronic
                                                                               US$39,500,000                                               products and property holding

             創維集團有限公司                                    PRC (Note (c))      Registered capital                100%             100%     Investment holding
                                                                               HK$1,830,000,000




214                                                      Skyworth Group Limited                Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                         For the year ended 31 December 2019




60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                                                                                              Effective interest
                                                                                                            held by the Company
                                              Place of                     Issued and                             (Note (a))
                                              incorporation/               fully paid share                    As at             As at
                                              establishment/               capital/paid up              31 December 31 December
    Name of subsidiary                        operation                    registered capital                   2019             2018     Principal activities
    Skyworth Multimedia                       Hong Kong                    Ordinary shares HK$10,000           100%             100%      Manufacture and sale of
       International Limited                                                                                                                consumer electronic products
    創維多媒體國際有限公司

    Skyworth Overseas                         Hong Kong                    Ordinary shares HK$10,000           100%             100%      Manufacture and sale of consumer
       Development Limited                                                                                                                  electronic products
    創維海外發展有限公司

    Skyworth Overseas Limited                 Hong Kong                    Ordinary shares                     100%             100%      Trading of consumer
    創維海外有限公司                                                                  HK$2                                                            electronic products

    創維數字股份有限公司                                PRC (Note (f))               Registered capital                  57.8%            58.8%     Investment holding
    Skyworth Digital                                                         RMB1,070,931,280               (Note (g))       (Note (g))

    深圳創維數字技術有限公司                              PRC (Note (e))               Registered capital                  57.8%            58.8%     Manufacture and sale of consumer
    Shenzhen Skyworth Digital Technology                                     RMB300,000,000                 (Note (g))       (Note (g))     electronic products and research
       Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                            and products development

    深圳市酷開網絡科技有限公司                             PRC (Note (c))               Registered capital                56.79%           56.79%      Manufacturing and sale of consumer
    Shenzhen Coocca                                                          RMB127,487,687                                                 electronic products

    創維液晶器件（深圳）有限公司                            PRC (Note (d))               Registered capital                 57.21%            58.8%     Manufacture and sale of consumer
                                                                             HK$25,000,000                  (Note (g))       (Note (g))     electronic products and research
                                                                                                                                            and products development

    Skyworth Intellectual Property Holdings   The British                  Ordinary share                      100%             100%      Intellectual property holding
       Limited                                   Virgin Islands               US$1

    Winform Inc.                              The British Virgin Islands/ Ordinary share                       100%             100%      Property holding
                                                 Hong Kong                   US$1

    Skyworth Moulds Industrial Company        The British Virgin Islands   Ordinary shares                     100%             100%      Investment holding
       Limited                                                                US$10

    Skyworth Display Technology Holdings      Bermuda                      Ordinary shares HK$100,000            83%              83%     Investment holding
       Limited
    創維光顯科技控股有限公司

    Skyworth Electronic                       Hong Kong                    Ordinary shares                   71.25%           68.75%      Investment holding
       Appliance Limited                                                      HK$93,114,000
    創維電器有限公司




                                              Annual Report 2019                  Skyworth Group Limited                                                                       215
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                                                                                       Effective interest
                                                                                                     held by the Company
                                                      Place of         Issued and                          (Note (a))
                                                      incorporation/   fully paid share                 As at             As at
                                                      establishment/   capital/paid up           31 December 31 December
             Name of subsidiary                       operation        registered capital                2019             2018    Principal activities
             南京創維家用電器有限公司                             PRC (Note (d))   Registered capital                77%              75%     Manufacture and sale of consumer
                                                                         US$50,000,000                                              electronic products and research
                                                                                                                                    and products development

             創維集團財務有限公司                               PRC (Note (d))   Registered capital               100%             100%     Financing
                                                                         RMB1,152,670,000

             堔圳創維科技諮詢有限公司                             PRC (Note (d))   Registered capital               100%             100%     Investment holding
                                                                         RMB100,000,000

             Skyworth Financial Management            Hong Kong        Ordinary shares                  100%             100%     Treasury management and
                Company Limited                                           HK$500,000,000                                              investment holding
                創維財資管理有限公司

             Skyworth International Trading Limited   Hong Kong        Ordinary shares                  100%             100%     Trading
                創維國際貿易有限公司                                                HK$10,000

           Notes:


           (a)      The Company directly holds the entire interest in Skyworth Holdings Limited and Skyworth LCD Holdings Limited.
                    The interests of all other companies are indirectly held by the Company.


           (b)      The non-voting deferred shares practically carry no rights to dividends nor receive notice of nor to attend or vote at
                    any general meeting of the relevant company nor to participate in any distribution on winding up.


           (c)      The subsidiaries are sino-foreign equity joint ventures registered in the PRC.


           (d)      The subsidiaries are wholly foreign owned enterprises registered in the PRC.


           (e)      The subsidiary is a joint stock limited company registered in the PRC.


           (f)      The subsidiary is a joint stock limited company established under the law of the PRC whose shares are listed on the
                    Shenzhen Stock Exchange.


           (g)      The effective interest held by the Company included 0.83% (2018: 1.59%) equity interest held under treasury
                    shares of a subsidiary of the Company.

           None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities outstanding at 31 December 2019 and 2018 or at any
           time during the year/period, except for the issuance of convertible bonds as disclosed in note 44 in which the
           Group has no interest.




216                                                   Skyworth Group Limited             Annual Report 2019
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2019




60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
   interests

   The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company that have material non-
   controlling interests:

                                           Place of                Proportion of
                                           incorporation/     ownership interests and
                                           establishment       voting rights held by             Profit allocated to                   Accumulated
    Name of subsidiary                     operation          non-controlling interests       non-controlling interests           non-controlling interests
                                                                                                             Nine Months
                                                                   As at            As at    Year ended            ended            As at              As at
                                                            31 December      31 December    31 December      31 December     31 December        31 December
                                                                   2019             2018           2019             2018            2019               2018
                                                                                            RMB million       RMB million    RMB million          RMB million
    Skyworth Digital                       PRC                  41.20%           41.20%             218               85              1,239            1,016

    Shenzhen Coocaa                        PRC                  43.21%           43.21%              62               30                682              655

    Individually immaterial subsidiaries
       with non-controlling interest                                                                   4              18                230              214
                                                                                                    284              133               2,151           1,885


   Summarised financial informations in respect of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
   interests are set out below. The summarised financial informations below represent amounts before intragroup
   eliminations.

   Skyworth Digital

                                                                                                                   As at                        As at
                                                                                                            31 December                  31 December
                                                                                                                   2019                         2018
                                                                                                             RMB million                  RMB million
    Current assets                                                                                                     9,015                        7,061
    Non-current assets                                                                                                 1,257                        1,128
    Current liabilities                                                                                               (6,675)                      (5,193)
    Non-current liabilities                                                                                             (461)                        (161)
                                                                                                                          3,136                     2,835
    Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                                                          1,770                     1,450
    Non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital                                                                         1,239                     1,016
    Non-controlling interest of Skyworth Digital’s subsidiary                                                               127                       369
                                                                                                                          3,136                     2,835




                                                 Annual Report 2019        Skyworth Group Limited                                                               217
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
           interests (Continued)

           Skyworth Digital (Continued)

                                                                                                             Nine months
                                                                                               Year ended          ended
                                                                                             31 December     31 December
                                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                                              RMB million     RMB million
             Revenue                                                                                9,011           6,068
             Expenses                                                                              (8,497)         (5,854)
             Profit for the year/period                                                              514             214
             Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                            311             122
             Profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital                218              85
             (Loss) profit attributable to the non-controlling interests
               of Skyworth Digital’s subsidiaries                                                     (15)              7
             Profit for the year/period                                                              514             214
             Other comprehensive (expense) income attributable
               to owners of the Company                                                              (263)         2,492
             Other comprehensive (expense) income attributable
               to the non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital                                  (186)         1,746
             Other comprehensive (expense) income for the year/period                                (449)         4,238
             Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                         48           2,614
             Total comprehensive income attributable
               to the non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital                                   32           1,831
             Total comprehensive (expense) income attributable
               to the non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital’s subsidiaries                    (15)              7
             Total comprehensive income for the year/period                                           65           4,452
             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                 22            673
             Net cash outflow from investing activities                                              (145)           (32)
             Net cash inflow (outflow) from financing activities                                    1,014           (294)
             Net cash inflow                                                                         891             347




218                                         Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
   interests (Continued)

   Shenzhen Coocaa

                                                                                        As at              As at
                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                        2019               2018
                                                                                  RMB million        RMB million
    Current assets                                                                       1,878             1,829
    Non-current assets                                                                     462               203
    Current liabilities                                                                   (503)             (280)
    Non-current liabilities                                                               (204)             (191)
                                                                                         1,633             1,561
    Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                           897               860
    Non-controlling interests of Shenzhen Coocaa                                           682               655
    Non-controlling interests of Shenzhen’s Coocaa’s subsidiary                             54                46
                                                                                         1,633             1,561


                                                                                                    Nine months
                                                                                   Year ended             ended
                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                         2019              2018
                                                                                  RMB million        RMB million
    Revenue                                                                                948               529
    Expenses                                                                              (800)             (460)
    Profit for the year/period                                                             148                69
    Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                            82                39
    Profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of Shenzhen Coocaa                 62                30
    Profit attributable to the non-controlling interests
      of Shenzhen Coocaa’s subsidiaries                                                      4                 –
    Profit for the year/period                                                             148                69




                                 Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                         219
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
           interests (Continued)

           Shenzhen Coocaa (Continued)

                                                                                                          Nine months
                                                                                            Year ended          ended
                                                                                          31 December     31 December
                                                                                                  2019           2018
                                                                                           RMB million     RMB million
             Other comprehensive expense attributable to owners of the Company                     (22)             (9)
             Other comprehensive expense attributable
               to the non-controlling interests of Shenzhen Coocaa                                 (13)             (7)
             Other comprehensive expense for the year/period                                       (35)            (16)
             Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                      60              30
             Total comprehensive income attributable
               to the non-controlling interests of Shenzhen Coocaa                                 49              23
             Total comprehensive income attributable
               to non-controlling interests of Shenzhen Coocaa’s subsidiaries                        4               –
             Total comprehensive income for the year/period                                       113              53
             Net cash inflow (outflow) from operating activities                                   132            (88)
             Net cash outflow from investing activities                                           (137)          (479)
             Net cash inflow from financing activities                                              94             51
             Net cash inflow (outflow)                                                             89            (516)




220                                         Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2019




61. FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
   The following are the statement of financial position of the Company:

                                                                                        As at              As at
                                                                                 31 December        31 December
                                                                                        2019               2018
                                                                                  RMB million        RMB million
    Non-current Assets
    Interests in subsidiaries                                                            5,797             5,773
    Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                            –             1,990
                                                                                         5,797             7,763
    Current Assets
    Other receivables                                                                       10                 9
    Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                        2,542               540
    Bank balances and cash                                                                   1                 1
                                                                                         2,553               550
    Current Liabilities
    Other payables                                                                          76                75
    Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                          1,137             1,070
    Corporate bonds                                                                      1,990                 –
                                                                                         3,203             1,145
    Net Current Liabilities                                                               (650)             (595)
    Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                                5,147             7,168
    Non-current Liability
    Corporate bonds                                                                           –            1,990
    Net Assets                                                                           5,147             5,178
    Capital and Reserves
    Share capital                                                                          308               308
    Reserves                                                                             4,839             4,870
                                                                                         5,147             5,178




                                  Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                         221
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2019




      61. FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
           The followings are the movements in reserves of the Company for the current year and prior period:

                                                                                                          Shares held
                                                                                  Share         Share       for share
                                                                   Share         option        award           award       Surplus Accumulated
                                                                premium         reserve       reserve         scheme       account      profits          Total
                                                               RMB million   RMB million   RMB million     RMB million   RMB million RMB million    RMB million
             Balance at 1 April 2018                                3,292           198              –           (105)       1,006          549          4,940
             Profit and total comprehensive income
               for the period                                           –             –              –              –            –          150            150
             Recognition of equity-settled
               share-based payments (note 49)                           –             4            17               –            –             –            21
             Lapse of share option                                      –          (135)            –               –            –           135             –
             Dividends recognised as distribution (note 14)             –             –             –               –            –          (241)         (241)
             Share vested under share award scheme
               of the Company                                           –             –             (7)             7            –             –             –
             Balance at 31 December 2018                            3,292            67            10             (98)       1,006          593          4,870
             Profit and total comprehensive income
               for the period                                           –             –              –              –            –           91             91
             Recognition of equity-settled share-based
               payments (note 49)                                       –            28            10               –            –             –            38
             Lapse of share option                                      –             –             –               –            –             –             –
             Share vested under share award scheme
               of the Company                                           –             –            (10)            15            –            (5)            –
             Dividends recognised as distribution (note 14)             –             –              –              –            –          (160)         (160)
             Balance at 31 December 2019                            3,292            95            10             (83)       1,006          519          4,839


      62. COMPARATIVE FIGURES
           Comparative figures for the line item of research and development expenses on the face of the consolidated
           statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income and other payables on the face of the consolidated
           statement of financial position have been reclassified to conform with the current year’s presentation.




222                                                       Skyworth Group Limited           Annual Report 2019
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2019




63. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   Except as disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial statements, the following event took place after the
   reporting period:

   The outbreak of COVID-19 in the mainland China and the subsequent quarantine measures imposed by the
   mainland Chinese government as well as the travel restrictions imposed by other countries in early 2020 have had
   a negative impact on the operations of the Group, as most of the Group’s operations are located in various cities
   in mainland China. The Group had to stop some of its manufacturing and other business activities since January
   2020 due to mandatory government quarantine measures in an effort to contain the spread of the epidemic.

   The Group had resumed its manufacturing and other business activities gradually since February and March
   2020. Up to the date of these consolidated financial statements are authorised to issue, the manufacturing and
   other business activities of the Group are fully resumed and operating at normal capacity level. As the quarantine
   measures imposed by the China government effectively controlled the spread of COVID-19 in China, the director
   of the Company expect the economic activities in China will bounce back in the coming future.

   As the operations of most of the Group’s customers, suppliers, associates, joint ventures and investees are located
   in mainland China, the outbreak of the COVID-19 is expected to have a negative impact on these entities. Due
   to the potential negative impact on the debtors, prepayments and advances to suppliers, the Group will perform
   impairment review and ECL assessments to review the recoverability of such balances. Moreover, the Group will
   review the recoverability of the Group’s inventories and stock of properties which may be negatively affected by
   the outbreak of COVID-19.

   As the situation remains fluid as at the date these financial statements are authorised for issue, the directors of
   the Company are in progress to assess the financial effects of the COVID-19 on the Group’s consolidated financial
   statements. Nevertheless, the COVID-19 outbreak is expected to affect the consolidated results of the Group for
   the year ending 31 December 2020.




                                  Annual Report 2019    Skyworth Group Limited                                           223
      Financial Summary



      RESULTS
                                                                   For the
                                                  For the     nine months
                                              year ended            ended
                                            31 December      31 December          For the year ended 31 March
                                                    2019             2018          2018          2017         2016
                                             RMB million      RMB million     RMB million   RMB million  RMB million
      Revenue                                     37,277           30,192          39,271            37,147        35,010
      Cost of sales                              (29,775)         (24,534)        (32,726)          (29,719)      (27,332)
      Gross profit                                 7,502             5,658          6,545            7,428          7,678
      Other income                                 1,071               628          1,139            1,331          1,157
      Other gains and losses                         275               (13)          (178)             252             (2)
      Impairment loss recognised in
         respect of financial assets                 (223)            (277)            (77)             (79)           (43)
      Selling and distribution expenses            (3,757)          (2,862)         (3,873)          (4,414)        (3,900)
      General and administrative
         expenses                                  (1,014)            (833)          (868)           (1,151)        (1,061)
      Research and development
         expenses                                  (1,843)          (1,327)         (1,604)          (1,333)        (1,055)
      Finance costs                                  (484)            (335)           (322)            (311)          (196)
      Share of results of associates                   21                9              10                –              2
      Share of results of joint ventures                5                –              (1)              (3)             3
      Profit before taxation                       1,553              648             771            1,720          2,583
      Income tax expense                            (522)             (95)           (272)            (394)          (511)
      Profit for the year/period                   1,031              553             499            1,326          2,072
      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                        747              420             459            1,136          1,779
        Non-controlling interests                    284              133              40              190            293
                                                   1,031              553             499            1,326          2,072


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                As at 31 December                             As at 31 March
                                                   2019          2018              2018                2017         2016
                                             RMB million    RMB million       RMB million       RMB million    RMB million
      Total consolidated assets                   47,538           45,160          43,101            38,193        35,078
      Total consolidated liabilities             (29,395)         (27,805)        (26,557)          (23,280)      (21,150)
      Net assets                                  18,143            17,355         16,544           14,913         13,928
      Attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                     15,992            15,470         14,922           13,730         12,587
        Non-controlling interests                  2,151             1,885          1,622            1,183          1,341
                                                  18,143            17,355         16,544           14,913         13,928




224                                        Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2019
                                                                                       Financial Review
                                       Amounts expressed in RMB millions (except for share data and items specifically stated)




                                                            Nine months
                                         Year ended               ended
                                        31 December         31 December                 Year ended 31 March
                                                 2019             2018              2018             2017             2016
    OPERATING RESULTS
    Revenue                                    37,277            30,192           39,271           36,515           34,508
    EBIT                                        2,037               973            1,083            1,993            2,739
    Profit attributable to owners
      of the Company                              747               420              459            1,116             1,754

    DATA PER SHARE (CENTS)
    Earnings per share – basic (RMB)            24.61             13.85            15.21            38.04             61.34
    Dividend per share (HK$)                        –               6.0              9.0             14.6              24.0
    Dividend payout ratio                       0.0%             38.3%            50.9%            33.6%             32.4%

    KEY STATISTICS
    Equity attributable to owners
       of the Company                          15,992            15,470           14,922           13,730           12,587
    Working capital                             7,388             8,636            9,731            8,247            8,903
    Cash position*                              6,102             3,772            8,142            4,528            4,600
    Borrowings                                  8,177             6,324            7,476            7,089            6,760
    Corporate bonds (inclusive of
       interest)                                2,029             2,026            2,050                 –                 –
    Convertible bonds (inclusive of
       interest)                                  927                 –                –                –                 –
    Bills receivables                           4,835             6,942            5,414            5,745             6,042
    Trade receivables                           9,430             9,474            7,003            5,030             4,412
    Inventories                                 4,909             6,031            5,202            5,913             4,582
    Depreciation and amortisation                 870               541              676              597               534

    KEY RATIOS
    ROE (%)                                        4.7              2.7               3.1              8.1             13.9
    ROA (%)                                        2.2              1.2               1.0              3.0              5.2
    Debt to equity (%)**                          61.4             48.1              57.6             47.5             48.5
    Current ratio (times)                          1.3              1.4               1.4              1.4              1.5
    Trade receivable turnover period
      excluding portion arising from
      discounted bills receivable
      (days)***                                   150               131              105               102              106
    Inventories turnover period
      (days)***                                     72               65               62                65               55
    Gross profit margin (%)                       20.1             18.7             16.7              20.0             21.9
    EBITDA margin (%)                              7.8              5.0              4.5               7.1              9.5
    EBIT margin (%)                                5.5              3.2              2.8               5.5              7.9
    Profits margin (%)                             2.8              1.8              1.3               3.6              5.9


*       Cash position refers to pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash

**      (Borrowings + corporate bonds + convertible bonds)/total equity

*** Calculation based on average inventories; average sum of bills receivables and trade receivables




                                       Annual Report 2019     Skyworth Group Limited                                             225
      Investor Relations



      CALENDAR OF MAJOR IR ACTIVITIES

      January – December 2019

       Time                     Events
       March                    •   2018 (April – December 2018) Annual Results Announcement, Hong Kong
                                •   Annual results group meeting, arranged by CCBI, Hong Kong

       May                      •   J.P. Morgan Global China Summit 2019, Beijing China
                                •   CLSA China Forum 2019, Qingdao China
                                •   2018 Annual General Meeting, Hong Kong

       August                   •   2019 (January – June, 2019) Interim Results Announcement

       September                •   26th CLSA Investors’ Forum, Hong Kong
                                •   UBS Tech Tour, Hong Kong
                                •   Conference Call for US Investors, arranged by CLSA US (A CITIC Securities Company)

       October                  •   Interim Results Luncheon, arranged by Daiwa Capital Markets HK, Hong Kong
                                •   Daiwa Tokyo based Economist led Tour, Japanese and World Economy, arranged by
                                    Daiwa Capital Markets, Shenzhen China




226                                      Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2019
                                                                 Corporate Information



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                        Remuneration Committee
                                                          Mr. Li Weibin (Chairman)
Executive Directors
                                                          Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
Mr. Lai Weide (Chairman of the Board)
                                                          Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)
Mr. Liu Tangzhi (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                          Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement
Ms. Lin Wei Ping
                                                           (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)
Mr. Shi Chi
                                                          Ms. Lin Wei Ping
Mr. Lin Jin
Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric
                                                          COMPANY SECRETARY
 (Appointed with effect from 28 February 2020)
                                                          Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Li Weibin                                             AUDITOR
Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
                                                          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)
Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement
                                                          LEGAL ADVISOR
 (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)
                                                          Reed Smith Richards Butler
MEMBERS OF COMMITTEES                                     Michael Li & Co.

Audit Committee
                                                          PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry (Chairman)
Mr. Li Weibin                                             Bank of China Limited
Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)     China Construction Bank Corporation
Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement                                  China Guangfa Bank Co., Ltd.
 (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)               China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                          DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Executive Committee                                       Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
Mr. Lai Weide (Chairman of the Board)                     Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd.
Mr. Liu Tangzhi                                           Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Ms. Lin Wei Ping
Mr. Shi Chi                                               REGISTERED OFFICE
Mr. Lin Jin
                                                          Clarendon House
Mr. Huang Mingyan
                                                          2 Church Street
Mr. Wang Zhiguo
                                                          Hamilton HM 11
Mr. Wu Qinan
                                                          Bermuda
Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric
Mr. Wu Wei
                                                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Ying Yiming
                                                          HONG KONG
Nomination Committee                                      Rooms 1601-04 Westlands Centre
Mr. Li Ming (Chairman)                                    20 Westlands Road
 (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)                Quarry Bay
Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement (Chairman)                       Hong Kong
 (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)
Mr. Li Weibin
Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
Ms. Lin Wei Ping




                                   Annual Report 2019   Skyworth Group Limited                                    227
      Corporate Information



      BERMUDA PRINCIPAL SHARE
      REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
      Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
      Clarendon House
      2 Church Street
      Hamilton HM 11
      Bermuda

      HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
      REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
      Hong Kong Registrars Limited
      Rooms 1712-16
      Hopewell Centre
      183 Queen’s Road East
      Wan Chai, Hong Kong

      SHARES LISTING
      Shares of the Company are listed on The Stock Exchange
        of Hong Kong Limited
      Stock Code: 00751

      COMPANY WEBSITE
      http://www.skyworth.com




228                                      Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2019
                           Skyworth Group Limited
                                                    (formerly known as SKYWORTH DIGITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 創維數碼控股有限公司 )
                                                                                    (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
                                                                                                          Stock Code : 00751.HK




                                                                                                      Annual Report

                                                                                                          2019




Skyworth Group Limited
Stock Code : 00751.HK




                           Annual Report 2019
1601-04 Westlands Centre
20 Westlands Road
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong

Tel: (852) 2856 3138
Fax: (852) 2856 3590

www.skyworth.com
