                           Skyworth Group Limited
                                                    (formerly known as SKYWORTH DIGITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 創維數碼控股有限公司 )
                                                    (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
                                                    Stock Code : 00751.HK




Skyworth Group Limited
Stock Code : 00751.HK




                            Annual Report 2020
                                                    Annual Report
1601-04 Westlands Centre
20 Westlands Road
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
                                                    2020
Tel: (852) 2856 3138
Fax: (852) 2856 3590

www.skyworth.com
Contents

2    Financial Highlights                           79   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
3    Chairman’s Statement                           81   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
10   Simplified Corporate Structure                 83   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
11   Management Discussion and Analysis             86   Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
25   Directors and Senior Management Profiles       216 Financial Summary
33   Directors’ Report                              217 Financial Review
52   Corporate Governance Report                    218 Investor Relations
70   Independent Auditor’s Report                   219 Corporate Information

     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
77
     Other Comprehensive Income




                                                              Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited   1
    Financial Highlights



    Amount expressed in RMB million (except for Share data and items specifically stated)

                                                                             For the                For the
                                                                         year ended             year ended
                                                                        31 December            31 December
                                                                               2020                   2019              Change
        OPERATING RESULTS
        Revenue                                                                 40,093               37,277              +7.6%
        EBIT                                                                     2,620                2,037             +28.6%
        EBITDA                                                                   3,264                2,907             +12.3%
        Net Profit for the year                                                  1,835                1,031             +78.0%
        Profit attributable to owners of the Company                             1,440                  747             +92.8%
        FINANCIAL POSITION
        Net cash from operating activities                                       3,137                  898           +249.3%
        Cash position*                                                           9,841                6,102            +61.3%
        Borrowings                                                              11,387                8,177            +39.3%
        Convertible bonds (inclusive of interest)                                  917                  927             –1.1%
        Corporate bonds (inclusive of interest)                                    920                2,029            –54.7%
        Equity attributable to owners of the Company                            16,310               15,992             +2.0%
        Working capital****                                                     11,401                7,388            +54.3%
        Bills receivables                                                        4,489                4,835             –7.2%
        Trade receivables                                                        9,162                9,430             –2.8%
        Inventories                                                              6,004                4,909            +22.3%
        KEY RATIOS
        Gross profit margin (%)                                                   17.9                 20.1              –2.2pp
        EBIT margin (%)                                                            6.5                  5.5              +1.0pp
        EBITDA margin (%)                                                          8.1                  7.8              +0.3pp
        Profit margin (%)                                                          4.6                  2.8              +1.8pp
        ROE (%)                                                                    8.9                  4.7              +4.2pp
        Debt to equity (%)**                                                      69.6                 61.4              +8.2pp
        Current ratio (times)                                                      1.4                  1.3              +7.7%
        Trade receivables turnover period (days)***                                127                  150             –15.3%
        Inventories turnover period (days) ***                                      64                   72             –11.1%
        DATA PER SHARE (CENTS)
        Earnings per Share – Basic (RMB)                                         49.23                24.61           +100.0%
        Earnings per Share – Diluted (RMB)                                       44.46                24.52            +81.3%
        Dividend per Share (HK$)                                                     –                    –                 –
        Book value per Share (RMB)                                              711.81               592.71            +20.1%
        SHARE INFORMATION AT FINANCIAL YEAR END
        Skyworth Group Limited (shares are listed
          in Hong Kong, stock code: 00751)
        Number of Shares in issue (million)                                      2,668                3,061             –12.8%
        Market capitalisation (HK$)                                              5,763                6,887             –16.3%

        Skyworth Digital Co., Limited (shares are listed
          in Shenzhen, stock code: 000810)
        Number of shares in issue (million)                                      1,063                1,058              +0.5%
        Market capitalisation (RMB)                                              8,496               12,685             –33.0%


    *       Cash position refers to pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash
    **      (Borrowings + corporate bonds + convertible bonds)/total equity
    ***     Calculation based on average inventory; average sum of bills receivables and trade receivables at amortised cost and at
            FVTOCI
    **** Excluding assets and liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale




2   Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2020
CHAIRMAN’S
STATEMENT
    Chairman’s Statement



    SEIZE THE OPPORTUNITY
    A N D TA K E A P R O A C T I V E
    APPROACH TO DEVELOPMENT
    In the past year of accelerated development,
    the Group proactively explored its business
    ideas, developed innovative development
    model and promoted the implementation
    of its development strategy of upgrading
    through transformation. Throughout the
    year, the Group maintained its strategic
    focus and strived to overcome the impact
    of the COVID-19 pandemic; the Group
    insisted on boosting development through
    investment, innovation and reform and
    vigorously promoted the implementation of
    major projects and important measures. Thanks to all this, the revenue and net profit both recorded growth, marking
    the best composite economic results in the history of Skyworth.

    I.    THE HIGHLIGHTS OF THE GROUP ’ S MAIN WORK ARE:
         (I)   Define a clear path for technological upgrading and promote technological
               progress
               In the past year, the Board of the Group established a technical upgrade path of “5G+AI+Terminal”, which
               was to promote industrial upgrading and technical progress through the application of 5G, AI and next
               generation terminal technologies and devoting more efforts to our research and development (“R&D”)
               system, thus vigorously promoting our transformation and development from manufacturing sector to
               modern services sector, from hardware sector to software sector, and from terminal products to intelligent
               systems. During the past year, the Group passed the acceptance inspection of 17 technical projects at
               provincial and municipal levels and filed a total of 9,680 patent applications. We have obtained approval
               for the Key Laboratory for 5G+8K Ultra-high-definition Video Display Technology in Guangdong Province.
               The TV remote voice interaction and OLED image processing technologies of Skyworth were awarded the
               Scientific & Technological Progress Awards of Shenzhen City and Guangdong Province.

               1.    in terms of R&D of product technology, the progress of TV picture technologies, smart technologies
                     and sound quality technologies was accelerated. New products such as MiniLED TV and 5G+8K TV
                     were developed and introduced and the R&D of the application of CSO technology to OBM modules
                     was completed; meanwhile, the establishment of cloud platform for smart systems technology
                     and the R&D of automobile display system technology was actively promoted; the R&D of the 6th
                     generation i-DD technology and the next generation BLDC motor were completed; new Coocaa
                     System was successfully upgraded and launched online.




4   Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2020
                                                               Chairman’s Statement



    2.   in terms of R&D smart systems technology, the Group was devoted to the R&D of smart control
         technology with a center on “human habitat”. The Group successfully developed smart control
         technology products such as CHMS-23 and CHMS-5 series, completed the construction of four smart
         human habitat experience centers, issued the smart interaction protocol for the home appliance
         products of Skyworth and completed the unified design of the entire home appliance portfolio
         of Skyworth. In August 2020, the smart human habitat control system of Skyworth was listed by
         Shenzhen City as one of the top 10 major demonstration projects in 5G application, and praised
         by the state leaders at the achievement exhibition for celebrating the 40th anniversary of the
         establishment of the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone, which have laid a foundation for Skyworth to
         enter into a new sector.

    3.   in terms of engineering construction of intelligent manufacturing, the planning of smart plant in a
         new base in Guangzhou and the construction of smart production lines in the base in Inner Mongolia
         were completed; the EF lines and new lines for rollers of washing machines in the refrigerator factory
         were put into production; the upgrading and optimisation of key equipment used in self-developed
         smart production lines was completed; the construction of production lines in a new base in Chuzhou
         was completed. The construction of the production lines above has greatly boosted the advance of
         the Group’s intelligent manufacturing technologies.

(II) Target market demand and accelerate the pace of development and launch
     of new products
    In the past year, the Board of the Group paid high attention to the management and implementation of
    the key research projects for the year and issued the Administrative Measures of Skyworth Group on the
    Management of Key Research Projects to strengthen daily tracking management and annual appraisal.
    During the past year, a total of 17 key research projects have been approved by the Group with an
    investment in R&D of RMB1.86 billion. The output rate of new products reached 32.3%. New TV products
    such as ultra-high definition Q71 series TV, AI entertainment G71 series TV and 4K monitor were launched
    into the market and the R&D of Mini-LED TV was successfully completed; new products such as wifi-
    6 router, 10GPON smart gateway, (5G+8K) VR all-in-one machine, the next generation smart inverter
    washing machine, smart inverter refrigerator and American-style refrigerator were successfully introduced;
    in particular, the “Fight against Epidemic” channel was launched on the Coocaa system, which aggregated
    first-hand information on the epidemic and accurate scientific knowledge on epidemic prevention, providing
    users with timely and multi-dimensional access to official and authoritative information; in response to the
    call of the Ministry of Education to “suspend classes without stopping learning”, the Education Channel
    opened up free education VIP privileges to nearly 50 million users, achieving a very positive response from
    the society.




                                                                 Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      5
    Chairman’s Statement



         (III) Accelerate the implementation of planning and promote the construction of
               the three key bases
               In the past year, the Board of the Group proactively promoted the implementation of the development plan
               of the construction company. As for the industrial bases in the Yangtze River Delta, the construction of
               the air conditioner industrial park in Chuzhou with an area of 270,000 sq.m. has been completed and the
               relocation of new production lines was finished with 13 new products rolling off the production line. As for
               the industrial bases in the Pearl River Delta, the foundation project of the first phase of new TV industrial
               park in Guangzhou has been completed and the second floor of the main factory building has commenced
               construction; the projects in Longgang and Qianhai, Shenzhen has fulfilled phased tasks on schedule. We
               have completed the construction of the new industrial park project in Hohhot, Inner Mongolia and put it
               into production; the planning formulation of Skyworth Industrial Park in Chengdu has been completed. In
               a word, during the past year, the construction of the three key bases of the Group has been carried out
               smoothly as planned.

         (IV) Step up efforts in capital operation and complete the mergers and
              acquisitions of enterprises such as Tianjin Yitong as planned
               In the past year, the Group accelerated mergers, acquisitions and restructuring. It has completed the
               investment in Tianjin Yitong Pumps Company（天津溢通泵業公司）; the transfers of the equity interests
               in the Southern Headquarters project and the flat panel display company in Guangzhou have been
               completed; we have established a specific working group to repurchase 393 million shares of Skyworth
               Group (HK.00751); we proactively promoted the IPO of Shenzhen Coocaa and the restructuring of Ansida
               and Shencai (including the professional restructuring of the Group’s macro-logistics services). During the
               past year, the Group also approved the establishment of two venture capital funds by the venture capital
               company.

         (V) Actively expand into overseas markets to achieve growth in export against
             the trend
               In the past year, the Group vigorously promoted its strategy of internationalisation, strengthened the
               operation of its own brands and developed OEM business. Revenue recorded in overseas markets increased
               by 37.7% despite adverse environments. The product deliveries of the TV factories in India and Indonesia
               hit a record high, contributing to the increase of over 26% in the overseas operations of the TV company as
               compared to the year ended 31 December 2019 (the “Previous Year”). The preparation and construction of
               the industrial base in India was sped up, successfully won the bid for the project of Android TV boxes from
               Deutsche Telekom AG and TV operators in Europe, and topped the global list of players in terms of set-
               top box sales. The smart appliances segment accelerated the development of OEM and ODM business as a
               result of increasing overseas operations and was listed as one of the Top 10 Washing Machine Exporters in
               China during the “13th Five-Year Plan” period.




6   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                                                       Chairman’s Statement



      (VI) Strengthen procurement and supply chain management and promote the
           integrated development of trade + finance business
            In the past year, the Group continued to strengthen its supply chain management and actively promoted
            strategic cooperation with major suppliers, thereby enhancing the Group’s bargaining power and resulting
            in significant savings in procurement costs.

            In conclusion, in the past year, the Group maintained a strong commitment to its strategy of upgrading
            through transformation, strived to achieve its operation targets for the year, gave priority to develop the
            manufacturing sector and promoted the coordinated development of modern services sector, explored
            new growth opportunities and stick to the implementation of measures on expense control and cost
            reduction. With the joint efforts across the Group, Skyworth Group was also awarded the honorary titles,
            including “Advanced Entity in Shenzhen City”, “Outstanding Private Enterprise in the Combat Against the
            COVID-19 Pandemic in Guangdong Province” and “Model Non-public Enterprise in Party Committee and
            Party Building in Guangdong Province”, achieving fruitful results in enterprise development and spiritual
            civilisation construction.

II.   CHANGES IN THE SITUATION AND INDUSTRY FORECAST IN 2021
      The international political and economic situation has undergone new changes due to the new U.S.
      administration in office. Firstly, the tension of the trade war and the technology war continues to develop,
      hindering the development of high-tech enterprises in China. Secondly, China has accelerated the completion of
      RCEP and the signing of the China-EU Comprehensive Agreement on Investment, broadening new room for the
      survival and development of China’s enterprises. Thirdly, a new round of global monetary easing policy has not
      only resulted a tremendous fluctuation of the exchange rate but also a serious impact on the product export of
      enterprises in China during the post-pandemic era. On the positive side, 2021 is the opening year of China’s 14th
      Five-Year Plan, the year of full implementation of the double-cycle development strategy and the active promotion
      of rural revitalisation. With the improvement of rural infrastructure and income levels, there is an ample room for
      development for home appliance enterprises in the rural market. Looking ahead to 2021, the home appliances
      industry faces a new trend of development:

      1.    It is expected that there is great unrealised potential in the domestic urban high-end home appliances
            market and the rural home appliances market.

      2.    During the post-pandemic era, there are still opportunities for growth in the overseas home appliances
            market due to the use of the advanced technology by the domestic appliances industry and the
            improvement in product quality.

      3.    As a result of the rise in raw material prices, upward adjustment is expected to be made regarding the end
            price, but the gross profit of the products will be further compromised.

      4.    Affected by the fluctuation of the RMB exchange rate, profitability of the export products of enterprises is
            expected to be uncertain, which will the place export business under further pressure.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited       7
    Chairman’s Statement



    III. OPERATIONAL TARGETS AND PRIORITIES IN 2021
         (I)   Working Mindset
               The Board of the Group proposed that it is the
               “Year of Efficiency Improvement” in 2021. The
               headquarters and all subsidiaries of the Group
               will accurately capture the changes in the current
               situation, focus closely on the strategic goal of
               transformation and upgrade, continue to promote
               the implementation of the three strategies covering
               intelligence, internationalisation and refinement,
               focus on innovation, reform, investment,
               development and other key areas of work by
               implementing precise strategy and taking proactive
               actions, accelerate the promotion of synergistic development from manufacturing to modern services,
               from hardware to software and from terminal business to smart systems business in an attempt to improve
               corporate operation efficiency and fully achieve the goals of the Skyworth Group in 2021.

         (II) Work focus

               1.   Keep abreast with the advanced technology application and R&D to promote transformation
                    of Skyworth
                    In 2021, each industry company will capture the new business opportunity of traditional home
                    appliances empowered by the advanced technology and facilitate the enterprise technology upgrade,
                    product replacement, industry transformation on the basis of the “5G+AI+Terminal” technology
                    development strategy established by the Group through investing limited funds in R&D of new
                    technologies with broad application potential. The launch of the mobile version of smart control
                    system technology will be accelerated. The Group will continue to keep abreast of the development
                    of image quality technology, and put an emphasis on the development of Mini-LED TV and 5G TV
                    technology. The launch of the next generation Coocaa system will be sped up to win more end-users.
                    The Group will focus on the R&D of automotive central control system technology to expand new
                    growth areas. It will continue to promote I-DD technology application and the R&D of key technology
                    for new generation of smart power modules for air conditioners, etc. The Group will facilitate the
                    integrated development of Skyworth for its entire home appliances manufacturing and service
                    industries.

               2.   Focus on the R&D of new products and strive to enhance the market competitiveness of
                    enterprises
                    Under the guidance of the “5G+AI+Terminal” technology development strategy established by the
                    Group, each enterprise shall fully leverage new technologies, new processes, new materials, new
                    structures and new body designs with the aim of realising new functions, new costs, new experiences
                    and new values of products, thereby enhancing the market competitiveness of enterprises.




8   Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2020
                                                           Chairman’s Statement



     (1)   Put an effort on the project development of new products. With enterprises’ existing conditions
           and capabilities, we will keep an eye on customer needs to optimise new product offerings.

     (2)   Choose a good product manager. For a company to succeed in developing good products, it is
           important to have an excellent product manager in addition to a team of technical personnel.
           An excellent product manager acts as a team coach, and is the key factor for winning the play.

     (3)   To ensure the allocation of necessary human, financial and material resources.

     (4)   To be in line with the laws of new product R&D, develop a new product management system,
           prepare a R&D plan, focus on tracking management, commence strict performance assessment
           and achieve the assessment results.

3.   Devote considerable effort to marketing, stabilise domestic sales and achieve a
     breakthrough in the overseas markets
     As we enter 2021, most people now believe that countries with better control of the epidemic, such
     as China, will be the first to enter the post-epidemic era, but not in the West, where the COVID-19
     epidemic cannot be controlled in a short period of time, which will pose a major marketing challenge
     for enterprises. Therefore, we must be proactive in identifying business opportunities by accurately
     grasping the changing situation.

     (1)   Devote efforts to domestic marketing. Firstly, we will boldly push forward the reform of
           the domestic marketing system in accordance with the principle of matching revenue and
           costs by making full use of the advantages of substantial improvement in existing domestic
           transportation and communications facilities, and step up efforts to restructure, downsize,
           streamline, reduce costs, increase efficiency and provide incentives under the domestic market
           environment featured with new changes and new trends. Secondly, we will capture the
           development opportunities arising from the promotion of the double economic cycle and rural
           revitalization in China, and continue to focus on the agency channel construction in counties
           and towns and strengthen the construction of full category specialty stores in towns. Thirdly,
           we will accurately study the urban consumption upgrade trends so as to launch new “high-end,
           customised” products as and when appropriate to meet the demand of the urban high-end
           customers. Fourthly, we will accelerate industrial transformation to develop new markets and
           cultivate new areas for growth.

     (2)   Devote efforts to overseas marketing. Firstly, we will capture business opportunities arising from
           poor supply chain, underemployment and supply difficulties of overseas enterprises as a result
           of the outbreak of the COVID-19 epidemic, and actively expand exports. Secondly, we will
           fully leverage supply chain advantages of Skyworth to seize overseas OEM business. Thirdly, in
           response to the changes of the epidemic, we will primarily promote the construction of three
           overseas bases in India, ASEAN and Africa, consolidate other overseas marketing resources and
           expand overseas business in an active manner.

4.   Concentrate on the construction of industrial parks, and facilitate the industrial structure
     and asset structure adjustment of the Group
     The complex and ever-changing world situation at present have made the risks of business operation
     doubled. Under the unprecedented circumstances, we must keep vigilant and be determined to
     devote ourselves to the development of Skyworth’s business.




                                                             Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       9
     Simplified Corporate Structure



                                                                     Skyworth Group
                                                                         Limited


                                                                               100%

                                                                         Skyworth
                                                                      Holdings Limited



                                           100%                                                                             100%

                               Skyworth Investment                                                               Skyworth Enterprises
                                (Holdings) Limited                                                                    Limited


                           100%                               100%      70%                                                 100%

               Skyworth Overseas                    Skyworth TV                   Skyworth Financial             Skyworth Electronic
              Development Limited                  Holdings Limited          Management Company Limited           Appliance Limited


                                                              100%*                  100%*          30%                     45.78%

                                      56.53%*                                                           28.91%
                    創維數字股份                        深圳創維-RGB電子                                                      南京創維家用電器
                                                                                  創維集團有限公司
                     有限公司**                         有限公司                                                            有限公司


                           100%                               56.95%       100%*

                   深圳創維數字技術                      深圳市酷開網絡科技                          創維集團財務
      49%
                     有限公司                          有限公司                              有限公司



                           51%                                             100%

                    創維液晶器件                                                        深圳創維空調科技
                   （深圳）有限公司                                                         有限公司


                                                                           100%
                     Incorporated in Bermuda
                     Incorporated in Samoa                                       深圳市創維建設發展
                                                                                    有限公司
                     Incorporated in British Virgin Islands
                     Incorporated in Hong Kong
                                                                           100%*
                     Established in the PRC
                                                                                    創維半導體
                                                                                  （深圳）有限公司
              As at 31 December 2020


              *       Effective Interest of Skyworth Group Limited (the “Company”)
              **      Shares are listed on Shenzhen Stock Exchange, stock code: 000810.
                      The effective interest held by the Company included 0.01% equity interest held under
                      treasury shares of a subsidiary of the Company.




10   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
MANAGEMENT
DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     BUSINESS PERFORMANCE REVIEW
     Revenue

     For the year ended 31 December 2020 (the “Reporting Year”), the Group’s overall revenue amounted to RMB40,093
     million, compared with an overall revenue of RMB37,277 million for the Previous Year.

     During the Reporting Year, COVID-19 has swept across the world while Sino-US trade friction and technology war
     continue to escalate, resulting in a severe recession in the world economy. However, China, as a pioneer, achieved
     a signal victory in the fight against COVID-19, and successfully completed the signing of comprehensive investment
     and trade agreements with ASEAN and EU, eventually achieving a positive economic growth in 2020 and pointing
     out a right path towards the full recovery of the world economy. In view of the increasingly fierce competition among
     brands, by adhering to its development philosophy of being a “technological leader” and developing “health-focused
     technologies”, as well as remaining focused on the improvement of consumer experience and product competitiveness,
     Skyworth has taken the opportunity of consumption transformation and upgrading in the TV industry to build
     sustainable competitiveness geared for future success. In 2020, while revising the five-year development plan on a
     continuous basis, Skyworth Group further consolidated collaboration of its internal businesses, clarified corporate
     development direction, strengthened corporate development determination, made every efforts to overcome the
     impact of COVID-19 and standardised corporate development behaviors. It adhered to professional development and
     accelerated corporate reform and transformation, which contributed to an increase in overall revenue and net profit and
     a steady improvement in group-wide efficiency.

     For its smart TV systems business, Skyworth determined to develop its four major businesses, i.e. domestic household
     business, domestic commercial business, OEM business, overseas OEM/brand business, and leveraged on its advantages
     as an early mover in the OLED TV market to further strengthen and increase its market share through the introduction
     of products offering greater value. During the Reporting Year, the Group has successfully overcome the impact of
     COVID-19 by exploring business ideas, innovating its development model, and promoting the implementation of
     its transformation and upgrading development strategy, the Group’s overall revenue reached RMB40,093 million,
     representing an increase of 7.6% compared with the Previous Year. However, as affected by COVID-19, the raw material
     prices for home appliance enterprises around the world generally rise, causing a decline in corporate profit margins.
     Thus, the gross profit margin fell by 2.2 percentage points from the Previous Year to 17.9% during the Reporting Year.

     For the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group’s smart TV systems sales volumes by market are as
     follows:

                                                                                                            Year ended
                                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                                                  2020
                                                                                                                    vs
                                                                       Year ended          Year ended       Year ended
                                                                      31 December        31 December       31 December
                                                                             2020                2019             2019
                                                                                                               Increase/
                                                                         Unit (’000)        Unit (’000)       (decrease)
      PRC Market                                                              7,597              9,031            (15.9%)
      Overseas Markets                                                        9,451              6,775             39.5%
      Total smart TV systems sales volume                                    17,048             15,806              7.9%




12   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                      Management Discussion and Analysis



(a)   Business Review by Geographical Segment
      The Group’s operations have been expanded worldwide, including mainland China and other regions in Asia,
      Africa, Europe and America, with mainland China being the primary market.

      Mainland China Market
      For the year ended 31 December 2020, revenue from the mainland China market amounted to RMB24,583
      million, representing a decrease of RMB1,423 million or 5.5% compared with RMB26,006 million for the Previous
      Year.

      During the Reporting Year, the Group’s multimedia business, smart systems technology business and smart
      appliances business each accounted for 59.1% (the Previous Year: 59.2%), 21.1% (the Previous Year: 21.9%) and
      11.7% (the Previous Year: 11.8%) of its revenue from the mainland China market, while modern services business
      and other operations attributed the remaining 8.1% (the Previous Year: 7.1%).

      Overseas Markets
      For the year ended 31 December 2020, revenue from overseas markets amounted to RMB15,510 million,
      equivalent to 38.7% of the Group’s overall revenue, representing an increase of RMB4,239 million or 37.6%
      compared with RMB11,271 million recorded in the Previous Year. The Group optimised its sales channels in
      overseas markets to reduce the negative impact of COVID-19, resulting in a considerable growth in revenue
      overseas during the Reporting Year.

      Geographical distribution of revenue in overseas markets
      The Group’s main overseas markets are Asia, Europe, Middle East and Africa. The geographical distribution of the
      revenue in proportion for overseas markets is illustrated as follows:

                                                                                              Year ended
                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                             2020             2019
                                                                                              (%)              (%)
       Asia (excluding Middle East)                                                            61                54
       Europe                                                                                  12                15
       Middle East                                                                              9                12
       Africa                                                                                   8                12
       America                                                                                  9                 6
       Oceania                                                                                  1                 1
                                                                                              100               100


      For revenue analysis by business sectors concerning the mainland China market and overseas markets, please refer
      to the section headed “Business Review by Business Sectors”.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited     13
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     (b)   Business Review by Business Sectors
           The Group has announced its overall strategic direction for upgrading through reformation for five years (also
           known as the “1334 Strategy”), covering four key business sectors, including: 1. Multimedia Business, 2. Smart
           Systems Technology Business, 3. Smart Appliances Business, 4. Modern Services Business.

           1.   Multimedia business
                The Group’s multimedia business primarily covers,
                among others, smart TV systems and provision of
                internet value-added services of Coocaa System.

                For the year ended 31 December 2020, the
                Group’s multimedia business recorded revenue
                of RMB24,571 million, representing an increase
                of RMB3,066 million or 14.3% compared with
                RMB21,505 million recorded in the Previous Year.

                1.1   Smart TV Systems Products (PRC Market)
                      For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s smart TV systems products recorded revenue of
                      RMB12,223 million in the mainland China market, representing a decrease of RMB1,425 million or
                      10.4% compared with RMB13,648 million recorded in the Previous Year.

                      During the Reporting Year, as the PRC grew more mature for deploying the next generation of
                      technologies (such as 5G, AI, 8K and VR), the TV industry was preparing for opportunities to
                      be presented by another round of consumption upgrading. The Group aims to build sustainable
                      competitiveness geared for future success through its long-standing commitment to improving
                      consumer experience and product strengths. Relevant significant measures included that the Group
                      launched the industry’s first mobile public screen, the Swaiot PANEL mobile smart screen, and the
                      official website of Swaiot ECO, and made considerable progress in the Swaiot ecosystem. In particular,
                      Swaiot PANEL has changed the traditional TV viewing experience in terms of mobile internet,
                      interactive experience and ecological scene application customisation, and realised the intelligent
                      empowerment of ecological equipment in the whole house. It uses the family public screen to control
                      all the smart appliances in the house, to provide users with a visual interface to better improve
                      control convenience and form of content presentation. In addition, leveraging on the industrial
                      advantages of backlight and display technology of the Group’s MiniLED products, the Group has
                      built an important foundation for its first layout. The successive participation of various brands would
                      accelerate the rapid expansion of MiniLED market. As a leading technology brand in the industry,
                      the Group has taken the lead in seizing the high-end LCD market by pre-emptive layout of MiniLED
                      product array. Meanwhile, leveraging on its service and experience, as well as the differentiation
                      advantages of product’s shape, picture quality and eye-protection function, the Group, as one of the
                      earliest participants in China’s OLED TV market, will continue to strengthen the promotion of OLED
                      TV products. According to the statistics from All View Cloud (AVC) on OLED TV market retail volume
                      from January to December 2020, the Group’s market share was 42.5%, representing an increase
                      of 2.9 percentage points compared with the Previous Year and its leading position in the OLED TV
                      market was further consolidated.

                      During the Reporting Year, as affected by COVID-19, the Group’s sales volume in the mainland
                      China market decreased by 15.9% compared with the Previous Year. As a response to the impact of
                      COVID-19 and fierce market competition, the Group will make corresponding changes to its sales
                      strategy and adjust the unit rates to increase its market share.



14   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                         Management Discussion and Analysis



1.2   Smart TV Systems Products (Overseas Markets)
      For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s smart TV systems products recorded revenue
      of RMB8,302 million in overseas markets, representing an increase of RMB2,395 million or 40.5%
      compared with RMB5,907 million recorded in the Previous Year.

      During the Reporting Year, under the impact of COVID-19, the overall performance of the
      international TV market was sluggish and certain countries maintained varying degrees of closed
      or semi-closed conditions, which put pressure on the growth of overseas business of the Group.
      However, the Group adopted relatively stable and conservative sales strategies and optimised its
      customer agents and channels in overseas, vigorously improved product structure, reduced costs
      while improving the quality of operation through product upgrading. Benefited from the expansion
      of e-commerce channel, the overall overseas brand business maintained rapid growth in the original
      area. In the meantime, the Group proactively developed the markets in Southern Europe, Eastern
      Europe, Western Europe, Russia, Northeast Asia, Central America, and South America to open up new
      areas. In the first year, the “Skyworth” brand business increased by 15.4% and revenue increased by
      23.6%.

      Through the model of original design manufacturer (“ODM”) and the establishment of overseas
      sales branches, the Group made substantial investments in promotional and marketing campaigns,
      which led to its increased popularity and visibility in overseas markets, with ASEAN countries
      reporting the most pronounced improvement in brand image. In the meantime, the Group proactively
      communicated with local supply chains and customer agents and overcame the impact of COVID-19
      in India to continuously deliver high-quality goods to customers in a stable way, thus winning
      customer trust; with the help of the latest ANDROID 10.0 Android smart products, the Group
      successfully entered the sales channels of strategic key accounts in India and Southeast Asia.

1.3   Internet value-added services of Coocaa System
      For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group recorded a significant growth of RMB230 million
      or 27.8% in revenue from the internet value-added services of Coocaa System, which increased to
      RMB1,056 million from RMB826 million in the Previous Year.

      As the PRC gradually transits from 4G to 5G for its internet and telecommunication technologies,
      rapid growths will be observed for internet-based online content services. As at 31 December 2020,
      the accumulated smart terminals of Coocaa System in the PRC market was over 65 million. Our
      industrial deployment strategy of “hardware + content” is well received by internet-based enterprises:
      Beijing iQIYI Science & Technology Co., Ltd.*（北京愛奇藝科技有限公司）(“iQIYI”), an affiliate of
      Tencent Holdings Limited (“Tencent”) and an affiliate of Baidu Holdings Limited*（百度控股有限
      公司）(“Baidu”) have all successively invested in Shenzhen Coocaa Network Technology Company
      Limited*（深圳市酷開網絡科技股份有限公司）(“Shenzhen Coocaa”, an indirect non-wholly owned
      subsidiary of the Company).




                                                             Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      15
     Management Discussion and Analysis



                     As a system support carrier for smart terminals, not only has Shenzhen Coocaa promoted the
                     innovation and convergent of large-screen and home internet businesses, it has also assisted
                     our long-term development in the industry of smart human habitat and made a leap-forward
                     enhancement for our operating efficiency. With a team engaged in scaled large-screen internet
                     technical service, Shenzhen Coocaa leverages on the advantages of Coocaa system, including an
                     independent and flexible technical architecture, reliable and secure connection services, accurate
                     data and algorithms, as well as efficient technical application flexibility. By cooperating with strategic
                     partners, with common developed internet-based products designed around user experience, in-depth
                     exploration of statistical value, as well as precise digital marketing capabilities, Shenzhen Coocaa
                     has won industry recognition and wide approval among customers, especially during the COVID-19
                     outbreak, when Chinese citizens went out less and their time spent in watching TV at home increased
                     significantly, “otaku economy” drove an explosive growth in revenue from content-based operations.
                     It is our opinion that building on technologies of greater sophistication and reliability, our smart home
                     and smart city businesses will enjoy accelerated development through collaborative projects with
                     strategic partners including internet giants and internet TV service providers.

          2.    Smart Systems Technology Business
                Smart systems technology business covers, among others, home access systems, intelligent manufacturing,
                automotive electronic systems and other electronic products.

                For the year ended 31 December 2020, revenue recorded for Smart Systems Technology business in the
                mainland China market amounted to RMB5,181 million, representing a decrease of RMB518 million or
                9.1% from RMB5,699 million recorded in the Previous Year. For the year ended 31 December 2020, revenue
                recorded for Smart Systems Technology business in overseas markets amounted to RMB3,565 million,
                representing a decrease of RMB334 million or 8.6% from RMB3,899 million recorded in the Previous Year.

                During the Reporting Year, as affected by COVID-19, some operator customers delayed their resumption of
                work, resulting in shrinking demand. The Group kept abreast of the changes in market demand, increased
                the deployment of 4K set-top boxes, converged smart terminals and products such as PON gateways and
                home networking, entered the smart broadcasting business by combining with education and VR, and
                focused on key quality customers in Guangdong and Jiangsu so as to explore the market and increase its
                market share in key customer regions.

                In overseas markets, the Group opened up new premium customers while maintaining its existing market
                strengths, and further enhanced its broadband connection and IoT business in addition to set-top box
                products. The Group continued to deliver steady shipments in India, Africa and the Middle East, with
                significant sales growth in Asia Pacific and further diversification of product mix. It made significant
                breakthroughs in the European operator market, securing orders from major European operators such as
                Canal+ Group in France and Deutsche Telekom (DT). The retail business of Strong, a brand of the Group,
                increased rather than decreased under the stimulation of the “otaku economy” in Europe. The continued
                breakthrough in the European market will provide new market opportunities for the Company’s future
                overseas business growth.




16   Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2020
                              Management Discussion and Analysis



3.   Smart Appliances Business
     Smart appliances business covers, among others,
     smart air conditioners, smart refrigerators, smart
     washing machines and smart kitchen appliances.

     Empowered by smart technologies, home
     a p p l i a n c e s h a v e e v o l v e d f ro m t r a d i t i o n a l l y
     separated devices to a smart platform through
     which Skyworth can interact with consumers.
     Skyworth will continue to adopt the core vision
     of “building smart home control centres” for its
     smart appliances business, which will require a
     comprehensive deployment of its AIOT ecosystem.
     In 2020, Skyworth launched its “Free-fresh（自由鮮）” series refrigerators, Level 3 frequency conversion air
     conditioner（三級變頻空調）, DD direct-drive front load washing machine (DD直驅滾筒洗衣機）and top load
     washing machines with rotary waterfall washing technology（漩瀑波輪洗衣機）, all of which were highly
     recognised by the market and well received by customers. Some of our refrigerator and washing machine
     products also won several certifications and awards, including the “China Red Star Design Award”.

     For the year ended 31 December 2020, revenue recorded for smart appliance products in the mainland
     China market amounted to RMB2,868 million, representing a decrease of RMB209 million or 6.8%
     compared with RMB3,077 million recorded in the Previous Year. Revenue in overseas markets amounted to
     RMB1,350 million, representing an increase of RMB132 million or 10.8% compared with RMB1,218 million
     recorded in the Previous Year.

     During the current year, the Group’s operating performance of smart appliances business was affected by
     the pandemic of COVID-19. As the COVID-19 vaccination rolls out, we expect the operating performance
     of the smart appliance business to improve significantly. We will continue to develop new products with
     excellent operational capabilities, take care of pipeline operations and achieve large-scale manufacturing in
     order to continue to grow our business scale.

     Looking forward to the future, the more and more mature smart technologies will upgrade and update
     home appliances, further improve the degree of intelligence of smart appliances including refrigerators,
     washers, air conditioners, kitchen appliances and other products, and increase the access and application
     of Skyworth’s smart appliance products in the intelligent home ecosystem. Skyworth will insist on building
     its core competitiveness such as product R&D, pipeline expansion, lean manufacturing and operation
     management; attach importance to the investment in product R&D for promoting the development of
     products in the direction of green, energy-saving, intelligent and high-end; focus on the operation and
     expansion of marketing channels by exploring new business models, creating a symbiosis system and a win-
     win strategy for enterprises and agents, and strengthening the execution and fighting spirit of business
     team; and continue to expand production capacity, improve manufacturing efficiency and quality assurance,
     enhance after-sales service support capabilities, so as to establish a professional, reliable and high-end
     brand image of Skyworth’s smart appliances.

     The first phase of the Skyworth Smart Home Appliances Industrial Park（創維智能家電產業園）project has
     been completed, and the production line of Skyworth’s Chuzhou base has been officially put into operation,
     which have accelerated the progress of the Group’s smart manufacturing technology, continuously promoted
     the I-DD technology upgrade and the new generation of smart air conditioners and other key technology
     R&D, and brought the Group’s smart appliances business to a new level up.




                                                                   Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited       17
     Management Discussion and Analysis



          4.    Modern Services Business
                Modern services business covers, among others, maintenance and repair for home appliances, macro-
                logistics services, international trades, construction development, financial lease and property operation for
                industrial parks.

                For the year ended 31 December 2020, revenue recorded for modern services business in the mainland
                China market amounted to RMB1,961 million, representing an increase of RMB131 million or 7.2%
                compared with RMB1,830 million recorded in the Previous Year. Revenue in overseas markets amounted to
                RMB519 million, representing an increase of RMB497 million or 2,259.1% compared with RMB22 million
                recorded in the Previous Year.

                The Group has determined the development direction of the segments of modern services business,
                accelerated its upgrading transformation from manufacturing to modern services, and formed dedicated
                teams for financial services, macro-logistics services, supply chain operation, foreign trading, as well as
                park-based property management and construction development. We have set clear development plans for
                each of our business, and a specific development model for the modern services business: the establishment
                of a financial business platform with financial companies as the main body, supplemented by venture
                capital funds and small loans, broadened the Group’s financing channels; the Group formulated a special
                plan for the development of macro-logistics service industry to promote the development of supply chain
                logistics, factory logistics, sales and after-sales logistics, and business integration has been fully launched;
                branch companies were set up to vigorously develop supply chain business centering on the Group’s
                internal industrial support; the Group completed the professional restructuring of the development and
                operation business of the science and technology park and made full use of the construction opportunities
                of the three major bases to drive the development of Skyworth’s intelligent human habitat industry,
                including green buildings, smart control systems and terminals, and a variety of content services; the Group
                proactively promoted the adjustment of asset structure by virtue of the construction of industrial park and
                made good use of the existing advantages to shape its modern services business.

                By fully utilising the strengthens of its core operations, constantly incorporating innovation into its
                development model and accelerating new business integration and expansion, the Group has created
                favourable conditions and settings for future reform and development, which provides strong support for
                scientific research, investment, production, procurement and construction across the Skyworth Group.




18   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



Gross profit margin

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the overall gross profit margin of the Group was 17.9%, representing a
decrease of 2.2 percentage points in comparison to 20.1% recorded in the Previous Year.

During the Reporting Year, in order to ensure robust operations across the Group, we continued to refine operations
management, adopting multiple integrated methods to increase the gross profit margin of our products and reduce
group-wide operating costs. During the year, due to the global outbreak of COVID-19, the prices of upstream materials
for TV products such as glass and ICs, etc. continued to increase, with some materials climbing by more than 50%,
which lowered the gross profit margin of TV products. Meanwhile, the low pricing of emerging brands also exerted
an impact on the TV market, resulting in a decrease in the gross profit margin of TV products. In addition, telecom
operators in the PRC focused on the development of 5G base stations and the mobile business, and the television
broadcast network in the PRC was also integrating 5G integrated construction. As a result, certain businesses of the
Group related to domestic broadcasting and telecom operators that have higher gross profit margin did not record
significant growth for the time being. At the same time, due to the change in the centralised procurement policy of
customers, the selling price of products decreased, leading to a decrease in gross profit margin. In addition, although
the sales volume of products with higher profit margin increased year-on-year, the increase was lower than the overall
business scale growth. A decrease in the proportion of sales of products with higher profit margin also contributed to a
drop in overall gross profit margin.

Expenses

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s selling and distribution expenses amounted to RMB3,477 million,
representing a decrease of RMB280 million or 7.5% compared with RMB3,757 million for the Previous Year. The selling
and distribution expenses to revenue ratio for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 8.7%, which decreased by 1.4
percentage points from 10.1% recorded in the Previous Year.

For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s general and administrative expenses amounted to RMB1,415
million, representing an increase of RMB401 million or 39.5% compared with RMB1,014 million for the Previous Year.
The general and administrative expenses to revenue ratio for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 3.5%, which rose
by 0.8 percentage points from 2.7% recorded in the Previous Year.

Since the Group continued to devote enormous resources during the current year to the R&D of premium smart
products and the improvement of its corporate competitiveness, a corresponding increase was recorded in R&D
expenses. For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s R&D expenses amounted to RMB1,865 million,
representing an increase of RMB22 million or 1.2% compared with RMB1,843 million for the Previous Year. The R&D
expenses to revenue ratio for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 4.7%, which decreased by 0.2 percentage points
from 4.9% recorded in the Previous Year.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      19
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     LIQUIDITY, FINANCIAL RESOURCES AND CASH FLOW MANAGEMENT
     The Group adopts a prudent financial policy to maintain stable financial conditions. As at 31 December 2020, net
     current assets amounted to RMB11,517 million, representing an increase of RMB4,129 million or 55.9% when
     compared with RMB7,388 million as at 31 December 2019. As at 31 December 2020, bank balances and cash
     amounted to RMB8,214 million, representing an increase of RMB3,408 million or 70.9% when compared with
     RMB4,806 million as at 31 December 2019. As at 31 December 2020, pledged bank deposits amounted to RMB1,309
     million, representing an increase of RMB424 million or 47.9% when compared with RMB885 million as at 31 December
     2019. As at 31 December 2020, restricted bank deposits amounted to RMB318 million, representing a decrease of
     RMB93 million or 22.6% when compared with RMB411 million as at 31 December 2019.

     The Group secured certain assets against its certain trade facilities and loans granted from various banks. As at 31
     December 2020, such secured assets included bank deposits of RMB1,309 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB885
     million), trade receivables of RMB17 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB19 million), bills receivables of RMB720
     million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB686 million), investment properties of RMB1,263 million (as at 31 December
     2019: nil), as well as certain prepaid lease payments on land use rights, lands and properties in mainland China and
     Hong Kong, with an aggregate net book value of RMB2,531 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB404 million).

     As at 31 December 2020, total bank loans amounted to RMB11,387 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB8,177
     million), corporate bonds (inclusive of interest) amounted to RMB920 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB2,029
     million) and convertible bonds (inclusive of interest) amounted to RMB917 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB927
     million). Overall interest-bearing liabilities of the Group were RMB13,224 million (as at 31 December 2019: RMB11,133
     million), equity attributable to owners of the Company amounted to RMB16,310 million (as at 31 December 2019:
     RMB15,992 million). The debt to equity ratio revealed as 69.6% (as at 31 December 2019: 61.4%).

     TREASURY POLICY
     The Group’s major investments and revenue streams are derived from mainland China. The Group’s assets and liabilities
     are mainly denominated in RMB, others are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, US dollars and Euros. The Group
     uses general trade financing to fulfil the needs in operating cash flow. In order to reduce finance costs, the Group
     exploits the currency-based and income-based financial management tools introduced by banks to offset such costs.
     The management of the Group regularly reviews changes in foreign exchange rates and its interest rate exposures, in
     order to determine the need for foreign exchange hedging. However, a number of uncertainties, such as the shock
     of COVID-19, the sustained international tension, the US-China trade friction, the UK’s exit from the EU and unstable
     interest-rate trend in the US, have added to the difficulty in predicting future changes in exchange rates. For the year
     ended 31 December 2020, the Group recorded a net exchange gain of RMB73 million (year ended 31 December 2019:
     gain of RMB59 million) associated with general operation.

     In addition, the Group still held the following investments during the Reporting Year:

     (a) Unlisted equity securities

           As at 31 December 2020, the Group held investments in 46 unlisted companies. The total value (at fair value)
           of these investments (net of changes in fair value and costs) was RMB2,224 million, of which RMB1,085 million
           represented 10% equity interest held by the Group in a PRC investee company. This investee company is
           principally engaged in manufacture and sale of flat screen displays, display materials, LCD-related products and
           other electronic accessories.




20   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                                             Management Discussion and Analysis



(b) Listed equity securities

    As of 31 December 2020, the Group held investments in six listed equity securities, details of which are as
    follows:

                                         Shareholding         Value of            Value of
                                           percentage      investment          investment
                                                 as of           as of               as of
                                         31 December     31 December         31 December           Exchange on which                Principal business of
     Listed company                              2020            2020                2019          the securities are listed        the listed company
                                                         (RMB million)        (RMB million)
     Chigo Holding Limited                     3.39%                –                   11.5       The Stock Exchange of            Manufacture and sale of
                                                                                                      Hong Kong Limited               air-conditioners

     Bank of Gansu Co., Ltd.                   0.66%            128.2                 121.2        The Stock Exchange of            Financial services
                                                                                                      Hong Kong Limited

     Amlogic (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.              0.39%            126.5                 381.2        Shanghai Stock Exchange          Research, design,
                                                                                                                                       development and
                                                                                                                                       manufacture of chips

     Jiangsu Broadcasting Cable                0.80%            132.4                      –       Shanghai Stock Exchange          TV channels, broadband,
         Information Network Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 data services
        （江蘇省廣電有線資訊網路
         股份有限公司）

     Anhui Coreach Technology Co.,             1.21%             50.0                    19.9      Shenzhen Stock Exchange          Research and development,
       Ltd.                                                              (note: not listed in                                          production and sales of
                                                                                       2019)                                           semiconductors, LCD
                                                                                                                                       products, smart TVs, etc.

     Three’s Company Media Group               0.75%             87.1                    26.2      Shanghai Stock Exchange          Marketing services
        Co., Ltd.                                                        (note: not listed in
                                                                                       2019)


    Skyworth Group will prioritise its investment in building a smart-home platform, aiming to create a new
    ecosystem for its smart human habitat business by fully leveraging on additional advantages of products and
    services from the smart systems technology business. Building on scenarios related to smart household services,
    Shenzhen Coocaa will explore the feasibility of expanding operation scale for the smart human habitat business.
    Through strategic partnerships with financial institutions, coupled with the know-how of Shenzhen Coocaa
    in providing customised and targeted smart-home content services, we plan to tap into the business sector of
    financial technology services, aiming to build a high-tech smart household service platform that covers the three
    key areas of home entertainment, consumer and financial services. Since Skyworth and Shenzhen Coocaa also
    proposed to improve experience for home users and enhance service capacity of their own OTT platforms through
    in-depth cooperation with financial institutions in mobile payment, Skyworth Group therefore made a medium to
    long-term investment in Bank of Gansu Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                Annual Report 2020             Skyworth Group Limited              21
     Management Discussion and Analysis



           In addition, as a carrier of content service platforms, not only has Shenzhen Coocaa promoted the innovation
           and operation of large-screen and home internet businesses, it has also assisted our long-term development in
           the industry of smart human habitat and made a leap-forward enhancement for our operating efficiency. With
           a team engaged in scaled large-screen internet operation, Shenzhen Coocaa leverages on the advantages of its
           system, including a comprehensive range of contents, a powerful platform, as well as highly accurate and smart
           artificial intelligence. With its internet-based products designed around user experience, outstanding process of
           user traffic, precise advertisement delivery and management, as well as standardised encryption management for
           advertising traffic, Shenzhen Coocaa has won industry recognition and wide praise among customers. We are
           of the view that the medium and long-term investment in Jiangsu Broadcasting Cable Information Network Co.,
           Ltd.（江蘇省廣電有線資訊網路股份有限公司）and Three’s Company Media Group Co., Ltd. can promote the
           business development of Shenzhen Coocaa.

           The management looks upon the other three listed equity securities as medium to long-term investments, which
           is due to their businesses are similar to those of the Group. Our judgment on their results coincides with the
           whole electronic industry, which is one of the main business sectors being advocated by the PRC government,
           though returns from these investments might still be subject to market uncertainties. The management will take a
           prudent approach in dealing with these investments and take necessary actions to cope with market changes.

     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND ACQUISITIONS
     During the Reporting Year, in order to cope with the increased production scale and improved output ratio of smart
     products, the Group invested a total of RMB958 million in construction projects, including the expansion of its
     production plants in Ningbo, Nanjing, Guangzhou and Qianhai, and RMB769 million for purchasing machinery and
     other equipment for production lines and improvement of facilities in former production plants. The Group plans to
     further invest in building properties, plants, office premises and purchasing new equipment, with a view to further
     increasing productivity, improving operation efficiency for its products, as well as catering for future business needs in
     the development of smart, diversified and internationalised products.

     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     There are individual patent disputes which arise in the ordinary course of business of the Group. The Group is in the
     course of processing these matters. The directors are of the view that these patent disputes will not have a material
     adverse impact on the consolidated financial statements of the Group.

     HUMAN RESOURCES CAPITAL
     As at 31 December 2020, the Group had around 36,000 employees (as at 31 December 2019: 36,000) in the PRC
     (Hong Kong and Macau inclusive) and overseas, including sales personnel situated throughout 31 branches and
     196 sales offices. The Group places high emphasis on fundamental employee benefits, appraisal systems, long-term
     and short-term incentive schemes, in an effort to motivate and recognise staff with outstanding contributions and
     performance. The Group allocates substantial resources for staff development, focusing on pre-employment and on-the-
     job trainings, providing periodical updates on the latest industrial trends, policies and guidelines to improve the quality
     of human capital. Meanwhile, the Group continues to strengthen the infrastructure of human resources, provides
     guidance on position titles, salary norms, and gradually establishes a long-term centralised mechanism for the selection,
     training and development of industry leaders. It also sets up a specified department to enhance the professionalism of
     general staff and the leadership skills of its senior management.

     The Group’s remuneration policy is determined with reference to individual performance, functions and conditions of
     human resources market.




22   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                                     Management Discussion and Analysis



OUTLOOK
Since 2020, the COVID-19 epidemic has been spreading around
the world. Skyworth Group put the rights and interests of its
employees at first priority and attached great importance to
the prevention and control of the epidemic. It established a
top-down group prevention and control mechanism in January
2020 to strictly implement prevention and control measures,
including strengthening the management of access to the
industrial park, setting up a centralised quarantine centre and
investing in mask production lines. So far, none of Skyworth
staff has been infected with COVID-19.

The impact of the COVID-19 epidemic has posed great uncertainty to the world’s economic development. Skyworth
Group will continue to actively leverage on 5G, artificial intelligence and new technologies, to accelerate the launch
of new products, such as 5G+ ultra-high definition new TVs, smart control TVs, OLED large-screen TVs, smart invertor
refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioning products and kitchen appliances, as well as 5G smart access
systems and smart human habitat, office and automobile and other application systems. We will also accelerate the
development of Skyworth’s home appliances empowered by smart systems technology and focus on smart systems
and smart control centres products to lead the development of Skyworth’s smart human habitat industry, with an
aim of providing smart, digital and information-based products and solutions of high quality to urban communities,
industrial parks and smart homes. At the same time, we will continue to expand our overseas business and seize new
opportunities arising from changes in overseas markets with a focus on Southeast Asia and Africa. We will also keep
stepping up efforts to develop the domestic market. Benefiting from the policy opportunity of home appliances going to
the countryside, the growing demand of consumption upgrading and the development opportunities of the professional
application market, we will refine the construction of our online marketing system and propel the growth of the
marketing of Skyworth’s products, thereby creating new value for our shareholders and investors.

As proposed by the board of directors of the Group, Skyworth aims to achieve “efficiency enhancement” in 2021.
In active response to changes in the external environment and with the strategic objectives of transformation and
upgrading as the core, the Group will continue to promote the three key strategies of smartisation, internationalisation
and refinement, speed up the construction of our three key bases, and continue to develop our four key business
sectors, namely multimedia, smart systems technology, smart appliances and modern services. Upholding the innovative
thinking and development model, the Group will further improve systems, strengthen synergies, integrate resources and
enhance efficiency, and actively promote the transformation in three key areas (namely from manufacturing to modern
services, from hardware to software, and from terminal products to smart systems), thus bringing Skyworth to a new
stage of development.

In addition, Skyworth Group will seize the new opportunities brought by the application of emerging technologies
to home appliance enterprises in accordance with the “5G+AI+terminal” technology development and industrial
upgrading route established by the board of directors to make good planning for new technologies and products,
accelerate the transformation and upgrading, strengthen the R&D of picture quality technology, work hard on research
and application of MiniLED and MicroLED technologies, and strengthen the research on the application of smart systems
technology, and advance the implementation of AI technology to empower TVs and other terminal products. At the
same time, we will increase our investment in the R&D of display technologies as well as cloud platforms for smart cities
and smart parks to accelerate the formation of new business growth points. We will further increase the smartisation
standard of TVs, refrigerators, washing machines, air conditioners, kitchen appliances and home access terminals by
using AI technology to empower product replacement so as to increase the access and application of Skyworth’s smart
terminal products and Coocaa System in the smart home ecosystem.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited       23
     Management Discussion and Analysis



     We will also spare no effort to develop overseas markets, accelerate the base construction in India, Southeast Asia and
     Africa, strengthen the deployment and investment of our marketing channels and promote the synergistic development
     of Skyworth branded products and OEM business to achieve rapid growth in overseas business. We will also seize the
     opportunity of the domestic market and make good use of the opportunity of the development of the inner circle and
     the revitalisation of the new rural areas to actively promote the construction of agency channel in county and township,
     expand the trial run of specialty stores of all categories in cities and towns to deliver excellent marketing in the rural
     market. By studying the market demand brought about by the consumption upgrading in cities, we will continuously
     launch “high-end, small batch and customised” products to meet the demand of the urban high-end market and
     increase the market share of our products while speeding up industrial transformation and product replacement to open
     up new markets and cultivate new growth points.

     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     The continuous spread of the COVID-19 epidemic around the world has caused uncertainties in the business
     environment. The impact of the COVID-19 epidemic on the Group’s overseas business is expected to continue for a
     period of time, but the duration and extent of the impact are difficult to predict and depend on the development of the
     situation.

     However, with China, Germany, the United Kingdom, the United States and Russia and other advance countries
     taking the lead, a number of COVID-19 vaccines have been successfully developed. According to the World Health
     Organisation’s release in February 2021, currently at least seven COVID-19 vaccines have been rolled out globally and
     more than 200 additional vaccine candidates are in development, of which more than 60 are in clinical development,
     and it is expected that there will be more vaccines ready for use and volume production in the first half of 2021. Tedros
     Adhanom Ghebreyesus, the WHO’s director-general, said, with the latest positive news from vaccine development, “the
     light at the end of this long, dark tunnel is growing brighter”, but the pandemic still has a long way to run. Soumya
     Swaminathan, the WHO’s chief scientist, said, the world must remain vigilant and careful because despite the rollout of
     COVID-19 vaccines, it will still take some time for most people to be vaccinated and there will be no “herd immunity”
     until the end of 2021. Health experts around the world predict that it will be late 2021 to 2022 at the earliest before
     humans return to their pre-epidemic lives.

     In view of this, the Group carefully studies the situation, come up with countermeasures, and continues to formulate
     adjustment plans in terms of product structure and business structure; improve product quality, and reduce operating
     costs; accelerate the work of reorganisation and integration; take advantage of opportunities, actively expand the
     market, and boost revenue to reduce the financial impact of the challenges. As the operations of most of the Group’s
     customers, suppliers, associates, joint ventures and investees are located in mainland China, the negative impact of the
     COVID-19 epidemic on entities, such as the Group, will be mitigated to the greatest extent as long as the COVID-19
     epidemic is continued to be under control in mainland China.




24   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
DIRECTORS AND
SENIOR MANAGEMENT
PROFILES
     Directors and Senior Management Profiles



     EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                                Mr. Lai Weide, aged 62, is the Chairman of the Board and Executive Director. Mr. Lai is also
                                the chairman of Skyworth Digital Co. Ltd., a subsidiary of the Company and listed on the
                                Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock code: 000810.SZ) (“Skyworth Digital”) and a director of
                                certain subsidiaries of the Company. He is a senior accountant, senior economist and holds
                                a master’s degree in engineering from University of Electronic Science and Technology of
                                China. Mr. Lai was appointed as the Chairman of the Board and an Executive Director on 8
                                July 2016.

                                 Mr. Lai has served as deputy director-general and director-general of the Ministry of
                                 Machine-Building and Electronics Industry of The People’s Republic of China; deputy head
     and head of the Assets and Finance Department; deputy general manager of China Electronic Corporation; chairman
     and general manager of Nanjing Electronic Information Industrial Corporation; chairman of Panda Electronic Group
     Limited and chairman of Caihong Group Corporation, etc. Mr. Lai was chairman and executive director of Nanjing
     Panda Electronics Company Limited (stock code: 00553, a company listed and traded on the main board of The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited), chairman of Nanjing Huadong Electronics Information & Technology Company
     Limited#（南京華東電子信息科技股份有限公司）(stock code: 000727, a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock
     Exchange). He has engaged in the work of management in central government and state-owned enterprises for a long
     period and has substantial experience in government authority and business management.

     Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Lai does not have any relationship with any
     Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

     As at 31 December 2020, Mr. Lai has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the
     Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”). Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 40 to 48 of this annual
     report.

                                Mr. Liu Tangzhi, aged 57, joined the Group in 1998. Mr. Liu is an Executive Director and
                                a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. He was appointed as the chief executive
                                officer of the Company on 1 April 2017. Mr. Liu is the president of Skyworth Group Co.,
                                Ltd.#（創維集團有限公司）(“Skyworth Group”) and director of Skyworth Digital.

                                Mr. Liu graduated from the Zhongnan University of Economics and Law in Wuhan with
                                a bachelor’s degree in economics, and graduated from Macao University of Science and
                                Technology with a master’s degree in business administration.

                                 Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Liu does not
                                 have any relationship with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or
     controlling shareholder of the Company.

     As at 31 December 2020, Mr. Liu has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
     Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 40 to 48 of this annual report.




26   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                         Directors and Senior Management Profiles



                           Ms. Lin Wei Ping, aged 63, is an Executive Director, a member of each of the
                           Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee and a director of certain subsidiaries
                           of the Company. Ms. Lin was appointed as the executive chairperson of the Company on 1
                           April 2013 and resigned on 8 July 2016.

                           Ms. Lin joined the Group in 1993. Ms. Lin was the deputy manager of purchasing
                           department and administration manager in Hong Kong and subsequently, the head of
                           human resources department of the Group, primarily responsible for material purchasing
                           from overseas market and administration and human capital management for certain
                           companies within the Group.

Ms. Lin graduated from South China University of Technology in the PRC with a bachelor degree in electronic
engineering. Before joining the Group, Ms. Lin had worked in the Ministry of Information Industry in the PRC as a
research engineer.

Ms. Lin is the spouse of Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen, the former non-Executive Director and a controlling
shareholder of the Company and mother of Mr. Lin Jin, a current Executive Director. Save and except for the relationship
mentioned above, Ms. Lin does not have any relationship with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder
or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2020, Ms. Lin has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
Please refer to the details of her interests on pages 40 to 48 of this annual report.

                           Mr. Shi Chi, aged 49, is an Executive Director of the Company. He joined the Group in
                           2000 and is a director and the president of Skyworth Digital, in which Mr. Shi holds 3.46%
                           shareholding and his spouse holds 0.61% shareholding. He is also a director of certain
                           subsidiaries of the Company.

                            Mr. Shi graduated from Huazhong University of Science & Technology with a Doctorate
                            degree in Communication and Electronic System. Mr. Shi has been participating in numerous
                            national and provincial projects on technological researches, in charge of designing several
                            high-end digital television products and publishing over 20 articles in various professional
                            and science journals. He is the vice president of China Radio and TV Equipment Industry
                            Association, the president of Shenzhen Young Science and Technology Talents Association
and the vice president of Shenzhen Software Industry Association.

Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Shi does not have any relationship with any
Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2020, Mr. Shi has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 40 to 48 of this annual report.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      27
     Directors and Senior Management Profiles



                                Mr. Lin Jin, aged 36, is an Executive Director of the Company. Mr. Lin graduated from the
                                University of Toronto with a bachelor degree in applied science. He is currently a director in
                                a number of subsidiaries of the Company, including Shenzhen Coocaa Network Technology
                                Company Limited#（深圳市酷開網絡科技有限公司）and Skyworth Digital. He is also
                                currently a director (non-executive) of Skywell New Energy Automobile Co., Ltd.#（開沃新
                                能源汽車有限公司）and Skysource (China) Investment Co., Ltd.#（創源天地（中國）投資有
                                限公司）and a number of their respective subsidiaries. Prior to joining the Group in 2011,
                                Mr. Lin worked in MediaTek Inc. as a sales manager from November 2009 to October 2011
                                and Realtek Semiconductor Corp. as a system development engineer from September 2007
                                to September 2009. He has more than 10 years of work experience in companies primarily
     engaged in the business of designing and manufacturing electronics and electronic components.

     Mr. Lin is the son of Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen, the former Non-Executive Director and a controlling shareholder
     of the Company, and Ms. Lin Wei Ping, an Executive Director. Save and except for the relationship with the Group
     mentioned above, Mr. Lin does not have any relationship with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder
     or controlling shareholder of the Company.

     As at 31 December 2020, Mr. Lin has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
     Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 40 to 48 of this annual report.

                                Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric, aged 49, is the company secretary of the Company and he was
                                appointed as an Executive Director on 28 February 2020.

                                 Mr. Lam is mainly responsible for overseeing the finance functions, corporate governance
                                 matters and investor relationship of the Group. Mr. Lam joined the Group in March 1998 as
                                 the finance manager, and was responsible for setting up computerised accounting system
                                 of the sales head office in Dongguan, coordinating with the auditors and preparing the
                                 monthly financial statements. In January 2001, he was transferred to Skyworth Multimedia
                                 International Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) as the financial controller,
                                 and was in charge of the finance department. From 2006 to 2007, he worked as the financial
     controller of Skyworth Overseas Development Limited (a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) and oversaw the
     finance department, internal control, financial statements and banking facilities. Mr. Lam then served as the financial
     controller of Skyworth TV Holdings Limited (a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company) from 2007 to 2011 and was
     responsible for the banking facility arrangement and financial reporting of the Company. He has been the financial
     controller of the TV business unit of the Group since December 2011 and the LCD business unit of the Group since
     December 2012. He is also a director and/or company secretary of certain subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Lam graduated
     from Monash University in Australia with a bachelor’s degree of business in accounting and a bachelor’s degree of
     computing in information systems. Mr. Lam is a fellow member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants
     and a member of the Certified Practising Accountants Australia. Mr. Lam has over 20 years of working experience in
     corporate finance, banking and accounting.

     As at the date of this report, Mr. Lam is also an independent non-executive director of AGBA Acquisition Limited, which
     is listed on NASDAQ Stock Market in the United States of America.

     Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Lam does not have any relationship with any
     Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

     As at 31 December 2020, Mr. Lam has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the
     SFO. Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 40 to 48 of this annual report.




28   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                         Directors and Senior Management Profiles



INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
                           Mr. Li Weibin, aged 59, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the chairperson of
                           Remuneration Committee, a member of each of the Audit Committee and Nomination
                           Committee. He was first appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on 10 March
                           2000.

                             Mr. Li is a practicing solicitor in Hong Kong and is the founder and senior partner of Li
                             & Partners, a firm of solicitors in Hong Kong. He graduated from the China University of
                             Political Science and Law in Beijing, the postgraduate school of the Chinese Academy of
                             Social Sciences in Beijing and the University of Hong Kong with a bachelor degree in law,
                             a master degree in law and a bachelor degree in common law, respectively. Mr. Li is also
                             admitted to practice law in the PRC, England and Wales and New York, USA. Mr. Li is a
China-appointed attesting officer, a visiting professor in the China University of Political Science and Law and has
worked in the legal field for over 30 years.

Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Li does not have any relationship with any
Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2020, Mr. Li has interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.
Please refer to the details of his interests on pages 40 to 48 of this annual report.

                           Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry, aged 72, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the
                           chairperson of Audit Committee, a member of each of the Remuneration Committee and
                           Nomination Committee. He was first appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director
                           on 1 January 2015.

                           Mr. Cheong holds a Bachelor of Science (Mathematics) degree from Chelsea College,
                           University of London and a Master of Science (Operational Research and Management)
                           degree from Imperial College, University of London. Mr. Cheong has over 40 years of
                           experience in the securities industry.

He is also an independent non-executive director of CK Asset Holdings Limited (formerly known as Cheung Kong
Property Holdings Limited), CK Infrastructure Holdings Limited (formerly known as Cheung Kong Infrastructure Holdings
Limited), and New World Department Store China Limited, all being companies listed in Hong Kong. He is also an
independent director of BTS Group Holdings Public Company Limited, a company listed in Thailand, and an executive
director and the deputy chairman of Worldsec Limited, a company listed in London.

He was an independent non-executive director of TOM Group Limited from 2000 to 2019, an independent non-
executive director of Greenland Hong Kong Holdings Limited from 2006 to 2019, an independent non-executive
director of CNNC International Limited from 2008 to 2019, an independent non-executive director of Hutchison
Telecommunications Hong Kong Holdings Limited from 2009 to 2019.

Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Cheong does not have any relationship with
any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2020, Mr. Cheong does not have interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited      29
     Directors and Senior Management Profiles



                                Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement, aged 65, is an Independent Non-Executive Director, the
                                chairperson of Nomination Committee, a member of each of the Audit Committee and
                                Remuneration Committee. He was appointed as an Independent Non-Executive Director on
                                18 March 2020.

                                 Mr. Hung obtained a bachelor of arts degree from the University of Huddersfield, United
                                 Kingdom in 1980. Mr. Hung had served Deloitte China for 31 years where he had assumed
                                 various leadership roles, including the managing partner of Deloitte Shenzhen office and
                                 Guangzhou office, before he took up the chairman role of Deloitte China from 2014 to
                                 2016. He was also a member of the China management team of Deloitte China. Mr. Hung
     had also assumed the role of the southern audit leader and the deputy managing partner of the southern region of
     China (including Hong Kong, Macau, Shenzhen, Guangzhou, Xiamen and Changsha). He was also a board member of
     Deloitte Global. In June 2016, he retired from Deloitte China.

     Mr. Hung served as the Guangzhou Institute of Certified Public Accountants consultant from 2004 to 2014. During
     the period between 2006 and 2011, he also served as a member of the Political Consultative Committee of Luohu
     District, Shenzhen. After his retirement as the chairman of Deloitte China, he was appointed as an expert consultant
     of the Ministry of Finance in the People’s Republic of China. Mr. Hung is a life member of The Institute of Chartered
     Accountants in England and Wales.

     Mr. Hung is serving as a director of each of the following listed companies whose issued shares are listed on the Stock
     Exchange:

     •     an independent non-executive director of Gome Finance Technology Company Limited (formerly known as Sino
           Credit Holdings Limited) (stock code: 628) since 31 October 2016;

     •     an independent non-executive director of Sheng Ye Capital Limited (stock code: 6069, the listing of the shares of
           which has been transferred to the Main Board from the GEM of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 8469) from 24
           October 2019) since 19 June 2017;

     •     a non-executive director of High Fashion International Limited (stock code: 608) since 1 December 2017;

     •     an independent non-executive director of Aoyuan Healthy Life Group Company Limited (stock code: 3662) since
           22 February 2019;

     •     an independent non-executive director of China East Education Holdings Limited (stock code: 667) since 12 June
           2019;

     •     an independent non-executive director of Huarong International Financial Holdings Limited (stock code: 993) since
           13 December 2019; and

     •     an independent non-executive director of Tibet Water Resources Ltd. (stock code: 1115) since 31 December 2019.




30   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                        Directors and Senior Management Profiles



Mr. Hung was an independent non-executive director of Lerthai Group Limited (formerly known as LT Commercial
Real Estate Limited) (stock code: 112) from 24 February 2017 to 3 March 2017 and a non-executive director of the
said company from 3 March 2017 to 30 June 2017. He was re-designated as an independent non-executive director
of the said company on 30 June 2017 and subsequently resigned with effect from 30 September 2018. He was also
an independent non-executive director of SMI Holdings Group Limited (stock code: 198) from 16 January 2017 to 15
March 2017 and re-designated as a non-executive director of the said company on 15 March 2017. He subsequently
resigned with effect from 28 February 2019. He was an independent non-executive director of Zhongchang
International Holdings Group Limited (formerly known as Henry Group Holdings Limited) (stock code: 859) from 12
January 2018 to 15 June 2020.

Save and except for the relationship with the Group mentioned above, Mr. Hung does not have any relationship with
any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

As at 31 December 2020, Mr. Hung does not have interests in the shares of the Company within the meaning of Part
XV of the SFO.

SENIOR MANAGEMENT
                          Mr. Huang Mingyan, aged 58, joined the Group as vice president of Skyworth Group
                          Co., Limited in June 2017. Mr. Huang graduated from Chongqing University with a master
                          degree in architectural economics and management. From August 1984 to July 1988, Mr.
                          Huang worked as an designer at Central Design & Research Institute under the Ministry of
                          Machinery Industry; from August 1993 to September 1999, he served as deputy head of the
                          Group Affairs Department of China National Real Estate Development Group Corporation;
                          he was general manager of the Property Department of China Electronics Corporation from
                          October 1999 to November 2002; Mr. Huang served as general manager and secretary of
                          Party Committee at China Electronic Industrial Development Company from December 2002
                          to April 2013; and he worked as assistant general manager of Caihong Group Corporation
                          and general manager of Caihong Group Industrial Co., Ltd from May 2013 to May 2017.

Save and except for the relationship with the Company as mentioned above, Mr. Huang does not have any relationship
with any director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholders of the Company.




                                                                     Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited     31
     Directors and Senior Management Profiles



                                    Mr. Wu Wei, aged 54, joined the Group in May 1997. Mr. Wu is a professor-level engineer
                                    who graduated from ShanghaiTech University with a bachelor degree in radio electronics.
                                    From May 1997 to January 2005, Mr. Wu served as deputy chief engineer and chief
                                    engineer of Shenzhen Chuangwei-RGB Electronics Co., Ltd.; from January 2005 to February
                                    2009, he worked as vice president of Skyworth Multimedia (Overseas) Company Limited and
                                    general manager of its Research Centre; Mr. Wu was appointed as chief engineer of the TV
                                    business unit since February 2009, and he has been serving as chief engineer of Skyworth
                                    Group Co., Ltd. since 2017.

                                Mr. Wu personally owns 13 authorised patents for invention and has published 8 theses
     on national publications. He presided and participated in the implementation of a number of China’s key national
     programmes, including the project of core electronic components, high-end general use chips and basic software
     products, the 863 Programme, the Key Technologies R&D Programme, as well as electronics funds under the Ministry
     of Industry and Information Technology. In total, Mr. Wu has contributed 1 State Scientific & Technological Progress
     Award (First Class), 6 Guangdong Province Science & Technology Awards, and 8 Shenzhen Municipality Scientific &
     Technological Progress Awards for the Group.

     Mr. Wu is a member of the National Standardisation Technical Committee for Audio, Video & Multimedia System and
     Equipment, the deputy director of Zhongguancun Audio-Visual Industry Technology Innovation Alliance, and a member
     of China’s Expert Committee of Supplier Alliance for Smart Manufacturing Solutions. He is also head of the Guangdong
     Provincial Research Centre of Engineering Technology for Ultra-HD Display, a member of the Guangdong Provincial
     “Expert Panel for the Promotion of 4K Application & Sector Development”, director of the Guangdong Provincial
     Standardisation Technical Committee for Green Manufacturing of Electrical & Electronic Products, and secretary general
     of the Shenzhen Municipality Alliance for Industry Standards of Smart TV.

     Save and except for the relationship with the Company as mentioned above, Mr. Wu does not have any relationship
     with any director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholders of the Company.

                                    Mr. Ying Yiming, aged 45, is the financial controller of the Company.

                               Mr. Ying graduated from Hubei Normal University in the People’s Republic of China
                               majoring in Computer Accounting. He is a PRC accountant and a non-executive member of
                               The Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and has over 22 years of experience in
                               accounting and financial management. Mr. Ying joined the Group in 2000 and has been the
                               director and financial controller of Skyworth Mobile Communication Technology (Shenzhen)
                               Co., Ltd.#（創維移動通信技術（深圳）有限公司）, and head of the Accounting Department
                               (PRC Division) and director of the Finance and Operations Management Department of
                               Skyworth Group. Mr. Ying is currently the head of the Finance and Assets Department of
     Skyworth Group, and director of certain subsidiaries of the Company including Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd. (000810.
     SZ), Skyworth Group Finance Co., Ltd.#（創維集團財務有限公司）and Skyworth Group Construction Development Co.,
     Ltd.#（創維集團建設發展有限公司）.

     Save and except for the relationship with the Company as mentioned above, Mr. Ying does not have any relationship
     with any Director, senior management, substantial shareholder or controlling shareholder of the Company.

     #
         English translation is not official and is provided for reference only




32   Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2020
DIRECTORS’
REPORT
     Directors’ Report



     The directors of the Company (the “Directors”) are pleased to present the annual report and the audited consolidated
     financial statements of the Group for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (hereinbelow also referred to as the
     reporting year).

     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Company is an investment holdings company with subsidiaries principally engaged in manufacturing and selling
     smart TV systems, home access systems, smart white appliances, internet value-added services, property development
     and property holding. Details of the principal activities of the principal subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures of the
     Group are set out in notes 60, 21 and 22 of the consolidated financial statements, respectively.

     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A review of the business of the Group for the reporting year, including the discussion on the principal risks and
     uncertainties facing the Group, important events affecting the Group that have occurred since the end of the reporting
     year and an indication of the likely future developments, is set out in the “Chairman’s Statement” on pages 3 to 9 and
     “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 11 to 24 of this annual report. The above discussions form part of
     this Directors’ Report. Details about the Group’s financial risk management are set out in note 54 to the consolidated
     financial statements. An analysis of the Group’s performance for the reporting year using financial key performance
     indicators is set out in the “Financial Highlights” on page 2 and “Management Discussion and Analysis” on pages 11 to
     24 of this annual report.

     RESULTS AND APPROPRIATIONS
     The results of the Group for the reporting year are set out in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income on pages 77 to 78 of this annual report. The board of Directors (the “Board”) does not
     recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: Nil).

     DIVIDEND POLICY
     The Company has adopted a dividend policy, pursuant to which the Company may from time to time in general meeting
     declare dividends in any currency to be paid to the shareholders of the Company, but no dividend shall be declared in
     excess of the amount recommended by the Board. The Board may from time to time pay to the shareholders of the
     Company such interim dividends as appear to the Board to be justified by the profits of the Company.

     The proposed dividend payout as determined by the Board at the time of declaration of dividend would depend on,
     among other matters, the distributable profits, cash flow, liquidity and financial position, current and future operations,
     capital requirements and surplus of the Company, as well as dividends received from Company’s subsidiaries and
     associates. The payment of dividend is also subject to any restrictions under Bermuda laws and the Company’s bye-laws.

     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group is committed to promoting long term environmental sustainability and creating sustainable value for
     stakeholders by providing safe, reliable and high-quality products and services that satisfy our customers. We strive
     to encourage higher awareness of environmental conservation at our workplace. The Group established a Corporate
     Social Responsibility Policy which defines our long-term approach to specific issues in four key aspects: Workplace,
     Environment, Operating Practices and Community, which is instrumental in enabling our business to operate in a
     sustainable manner.




34   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                     Directors’ Report



The Group strives to achieve the foregoing environmental objectives by minimising the environmental impact
concerning our daily business operations and promoting environmental protection in the supply chain and workplace.
We aspire to reduce pollutions, emissions and wastes, increase recycling and minimise energy consumption by
continually improving our environmental management policies and practices and educating our employees to adopt
environmentally responsible behaviour.

The Group always cherishes natural resources and believes that business expansion and minimisation of the
consumption of natural resources can co-exist. In relation to the efficient use of resources, the Group has introduced
various energy efficiency strategies and measures including, implementation of energy-saving machines; installation of
eco-friendly lighting system; and reduction of water and paper consumption.

To ensure that our actions and initiatives are effective and relevant, the Board regularly reviews our environmental, social
and governance strategy and monitor our progress in achieving such objectives.

COMPLIANCE WITH RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
During the reporting year, the Group has complied with the relevant laws and regulations that have significant impact
on the operations of the Group.

On the corporate level, the Company and all of its subsidiaries have complied with the relevant laws of their respective
place of incorporation and the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
(the “Listing Rules”) and the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”) where they are applicable. The Group has
adopted its own code of conduct regarding securities transactions by Directors (the “Code of Conduct”) on terms no
less exacting than the required standard set out in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Issuers set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”).

In relation to human resources, the Group is committed to complying with the requirements of the Personal Data
(Privacy) Ordinance, the Employment Ordinance, the Minimum Wage Ordinance and ordinances relating to disability,
gender, family status and race discrimination, as well as occupational safety of employees of the Group, so as to
safeguard the interests and well-being of its employees.

RELATIONSHIP WITH KEY STAKEHOLDERS
(a) Employees

      The Group believes that employees are the primary force in driving its business growth and considers them to
      be the most valuable assets of a company and strives to help its employees achieve their full potential both
      personally and professionally. We promote team spirit and offer various training programmes to help improve the
      competency, work skills, expertise and performance of employees. The training programmes also help employees
      raise awareness on environmental issues and workplace discrimination to improve their understanding of the
      strategies and policies of the Group.

(b) Customers

      The Group strives to achieve corporate sustainability in providing quality products and services to our customers.
      We have established strict quality control to ensure continuous improvement of product quality by conducting
      regular market surveys to gain market insights and feedback.

(c) Suppliers

      The Group has established a well-governed supplier selection and evaluation system. We adhere to open, fair and
      transparent criteria in selecting suppliers and carry out long-term monitoring of suppliers’ quality and conduct
      regular reviews of all suppliers to ensure they can meet the requirements, values and expectations of the Group.




                                                                            Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       35
     Directors’ Report



     (d) Shareholders and Investors

           The Group has in place an effective corporate communication system which provides transparent, regular and
           timely public disclosures to its shareholders and investors. We believe that the accurate and timely information
           disclosure can facilitate constructive feedback and ideas that are beneficial for investor relations and future
           corporate development.

     FIVE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the past 5 financial years is set out on page
     217 of this annual report.

     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     During the reporting year, the Group incurred approximately RMB958 million in production plants construction at
     various locations within the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     The Group acquired additional plant and machinery at a cost of approximately RMB769 million for the expansion of
     existing production facilities and setting up of new production facilities. Details of these and other movements in
     the property, plant and equipment of the Group during the reporting year are set out in note 16 to the consolidated
     financial statements.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     Save for the share option scheme and share award schemes of the Company disclosed in the section headed “Directors’
     Interests in Shares, Share Options and Awarded Shares” below and note 47 to the consolidated financial statements,
     no equity-linked agreement was entered into by the Company during the reporting year or subsisted at the end of the
     reporting year.

     CORPORATE BONDS
     On 15 September 2017, the Company issued secured corporate bonds with principal value of RMB2,000 million. The
     corporate bonds bear an interest at 5.36% per annum with maturity of 5 years, under which the Company has the right
     to adjust the coupon rate and the bond holders have a sell-back right to the Group at the end of the third year. The
     purposes for issuing corporate bonds were to adjust the debt structure and supplement the general working capital of
     the Group. The corporate bonds were listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange under the abbreviated bond name “17
     Skyworth P1” with the code “112584” on 23 October 2017. The Company adjusted the coupon rate of the corporate
     bonds to 4.85% per annum on 27 August 2020 and the bond holders are entitled the right to sell-back all or part of
     the corporate bonds to the Company during the sell-back registration period (1 September 2020 to 7 September 2020)
     at the sell-back price which equals to the face value of the bond (excluding interest), and the sell-back was settled
     on 15 September 2020. According to the data provided by the Shenzhen Branch of China Securities Depository and
     Clearing Co., Ltd. on 11 September 2020, the bond holders sold back “17 Skyworth P1” bonds to the Company and in
     the aggregate principal amount of RMB1,913,308,000 (excluding interest) and following such sell-back, the bonds have
     an outstanding principal amount of RMB77 million as at 31 December 2020.

     Details of the corporate bonds and other bonds issued by the Group are set out in note 44 to the consolidated financial
     statements.




36   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                   Directors’ Report



SHARE CAPITAL
Details of the movements in the share capital of the Company during the reporting year are set out in note 45 to the
consolidated financial statements.

SHARE PREMIUM AND RESERVES
Details of movements in the share premium and reserves of the Group during the reporting year are set out in the
“Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” on pages 81 to 82 of this annual report.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
The Company’s reserves available for distribution to shareholders of the Company as at 31 December 2020 amounted
to approximately RMB2,398 million (2019: RMB1,525 million).

Details of the distributable reserves of the Company during the reporting year are set out in note 61 to the consolidated
financial statements.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws, or the laws of Bermuda, which would
oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro-rata basis to existing shareholders of the Company.

PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY ’ S LISTED SECURITIES
The Company has purchased a total of 392,800,000 Shares of the Company at HK$2.8 per Share on the Stock
Exchange during September 2020 and the total consideration paid was approximately HK$1,099.84 million (excluding
expenses). As at 31 December 2020, the total number of Shares in issue was 2,668,129,420. All the repurchased Shares
were cancelled on 14 September 2020. Please refer to page 51 for further details regarding the repurchase.

Save as disclosed above, neither the Company, nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold any of the
Company’s listed shares during the reporting year.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the reporting year, the aggregate revenue attributable to the Group’s 5 largest customers was less than 18.2%
of the Group’s total revenue. The aggregate purchase attributable to the Group’s 5 largest suppliers accounted for
15.6% of the Group’s total purchase and the purchase attributable to the Group’s largest supplier was 4.4% of the
total purchases.

None of the Directors, their associates or any shareholders of the Company (who to the knowledge of the Directors
owns 5% or more of the issued shares of the Company) has any interest in any of the Group’s abovementioned 5
largest customers or suppliers.

DONATIONS
During the reporting year, the Group made charitable donations amounting to approximately RMB1.7 million (2019:
RMB1.4 million).




                                                                          Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      37
     Directors’ Report



     DIRECTORS
     The Directors who held office during the reporting year and up to the date of this report are as follows:

     Executive Directors:

     Mr. Lai Weide                         (Chairman of the Board)
     Mr. Liu Tangzhi                       (Chief Executive Officer)
     Ms. Lin Wei Ping
     Mr. Shi Chi
     Mr. Lin Jin
     Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric              (Appointed with effect from 28 February 2020)

     Independent Non-Executive Directors:

     Mr. Li Weibin
     Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
     Mr. Li Ming                           (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)
     Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement              (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)

     In accordance with bye-law 87 of the Company’s bye-laws, Mr. Lai Weide, Mr. Lin Jin and Mr. Li Weibin will retire and,
     being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.

     CHANGES IN INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS
     Pursuant to Listing Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules, the changes of information of the Director is as follows:

     The Director’s fee of Mr. Shi Chi changed from RMB500,000 to nil per annum with effect from 15 July 2020. Mr. Shi is
     entitled to receive an annual salary and allowance from Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd. (“Skyworth Digital”) and discretionary
     bonus based on his performance and the profitability of Skyworth Digital.

     Save as disclosed above, there is no other information of the Directors that is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule
     13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
     The Company has received from each of the independent non-executive Directors an annual confirmation of
     independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all of them to be independent.

     BIOGRAPHICAL DETAILS OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Biographical details of the existing Directors and senior management of the Company are set out on pages 25 to 32 of
     this annual report.




38   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                   Directors’ Report



DIRECTORS ’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the
Company or any of its subsidiaries which is not determinable by the Group within one year without payment of
compensation, other than normal statutory compensation. All independent non-executive Directors have entered into
letters of appointment with the Company for a term of three years which may be terminated by either party by giving
to the other not less than one month’s notice in writing.

DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS
OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Continuing Connected Transaction” in this report in relation to transactions
with Mr. Wong Wang San, Stephen, who is the spouse of Ms. Lin Wei Ping, an executive Director, no transaction,
arrangement or contract of significance, to which the Company, its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries, was a party and
in which a Director of the Company had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the
reporting year or at any time during the reporting year.

DIRECTORS ’ RIGHTS TO SUBSCRIBE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Other than the interests in share options and awarded shares of the Company as disclosed above, and in the share
option schemes and the 2014 and 2020 Share Award Schemes disclosed in note 47 and note 48 to the consolidated
financial statements respectively, at no time during the reporting year was the Company or any of its subsidiaries a
party to any arrangement to enable the Directors or chief executives, or their spouses or children under the age of 18
to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debenture of the Company or any other body corporate,
and none of them had any right to subscribe for the securities of the Company or its associated corporations, or had
exercised any such right during the reporting year.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of the
Company were entered into or existed during the reporting year.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISIONS
The Company’s bye-laws provides that the Directors, secretary and other officers of the Company shall be indemnified
and secured harmless out of the assets and profits of the Company from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses,
damages and expenses which they may incur or sustain by or by reason of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or
about the execution of their duty in their offices, provided that this indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect
of any fraud or dishonesty which may attach to any Directors, secretary and other officers of the Company.

In addition, an appropriate insurance cover had been arranged by the Company in respect of legal action arising from
the business of the Group against the Directors.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       39
     Directors’ Report



     DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES, SHARE OPTIONS
     AND AWARDED SHARES
     As at 31 December 2020, the interests and short positions that the Directors and the chief executive of the Company
     had or were deemed to have in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company and its associated
     corporations (within the meaning of the SFO), which were required (i) to be notified to the Company and The Stock
     Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
     interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii)
     recorded in the register maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 352 of the SFO; or (iii) to be notified to the
     Company and Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code, were as follows:

     (a) Long positions in shares of the Company and associated corporations
           The Company

                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                 percentage of
                                                                                                                       the total
                                                                                                  Number of          number of
            Name of Director                       Capacity                                      shares held      issued shares
                                                                                                                         (Note e)
            Lai Weide                              Beneficial owner                               10,002,000              0.37%
            Lin Wei Ping                           Beneficial owner                               9,160,382               0.34%
                                                   Held by spouse         (Notes a and b)     1,238,258,799              46.41%
                                                                          (Notes a and c)     1,247,419,181              46.75%
            Liu Tangzhi                            Beneficial owner                                9,884,675              0.37%
            Shi Chi                                Beneficial owner                                6,184,825              0.23%
                                                   Held by spouse                                  5,446,466              0.20%
                                                                                                  11,631,291              0.43%
            Lin Jin                                Beneficial owner                                3,898,719              0.15%
            Li Weibin                              Beneficial owner                                1,000,000              0.04%
            Lam Shing Choi, Eric (Note d)          Beneficial owner                                3,000,000              0.11%

          Notes:

          (a)      37,300,000 shares of the Company are held by Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen and 1,200,958,799 shares of
                   the Company are held by Target Success Group (PTC) Limited (“Target Success”) in its capacity as trustee of
                   the Skysource Unit Trust in which all of the units and issued shares of Target Success are held by Mr. Wong
                   Wang Sang, Stephen. As such, Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen is interested and deemed to be interested in
                   1,238,258,799 shares of the Company.

          (b)      Ms. Lin Wei Ping is interested in 1,247,419,181 shares of the Company, which comprise 9,160,382 shares held by
                   herself and the deemed interests in 1,238,258,799 shares held by her spouse Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen.

          (c)      Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen is interested in 1,247,419,181 shares of the Company, which comprise
                   37,300,000 shares held by himself, the deemed interests in 1,200,958,799 shares held by Target Success and the
                   deemed interests in 9,160,382 shares held by his spouse Ms. Lin Wei Ping.

          (d)      Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric was appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February
                   2020.

          (e)      The calculation is based on the total number of issued shares of the Company (i.e. 2,668,129,420 shares) as at 31
                   December 2020.



40   Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2020
                                                                                    Directors’ Report



Associated corporation – Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                         percentage of
                                                                                                               the total
                                                                                         Number of           number of
  Name of Director                            Capacity                                  shares held       issued shares
                                                                                                                (Note b)
  Lai Weide                                   Beneficial owner (Note a)                     750,000               0.07%
  Liu Tangzhi                                 Beneficial owner (Note a)                     600,000               0.06%
  Shi Chi                                     Beneficial owner                           36,770,524               3.46%
                                              Held by spouse                              6,507,500               0.61%
                                                                                         43,278,024               4.07%


Notes:


(a)      400,000 shares of Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd., held by Mr. Lai Weide and 400,000 shares of Skyworth Digital Co.,
         Ltd., held by Mr. Liu Tangzhi are restricted shares granted under the restricted share incentive scheme of Skyworth
         Digital Co., Ltd., which is a 56.84% owned subsidiary of the Company, (the “Restricted Share Incentive Scheme”),
         which are subject to lock-up restrictions under the terms and conditions of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme.
         Those shares held by Mr. Lai Weide and Mr. Liu Tangzhi were released from the lock-up restriction on 16 October
         2020 and 2 September 2020, respectively. Details of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme were published on the
         information website of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (http://www.cninfo.com.cn/). During the reporting year, none
         of the restricted shares of Mr. Lai Weide and Mr. Liu Tangzhi were lapsed/cancelled.


(b)      The calculation is based on the total number of issued shares of Skyworth Digital Co., Ltd. (i.e. 1,063,361,320
         shares) as at 31 December 2020.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited        41
     Directors’ Report



     (b) Share Options of the Company

           The Company adopted its current share option scheme at an annual general meeting of the Company held on 20
           August 2014 (“2014 Share Option Scheme”). A summary of the principal terms of 2014 Share Option Scheme is
           set out below.

           1.   Purpose
                The purpose of the 2014 Share Option Scheme is to enable the Board to grant options to selected eligible
                person(s) as incentives or rewards for their contribution or potential contribution to the Group.

           2.   Participants
                The Board may, at its absolute discretion and on such terms as it may think fit, grant options to any eligible
                person to subscribe at a price determined in accordance with paragraph 7 below for such number of Shares
                as it may determine in accordance with the terms of the 2014 Share Option Scheme.

                The basis of eligibility of any of the eligible persons to the grant of options shall be determined by the Board
                from time to time on the basis of his contribution or potential contribution to the development and growth
                of the Group.

           3.   Total number of Shares available for issue under the 2014 Share Option Scheme and
                percentage of issued share capital as at the date of this annual report
                283,100,239 Shares (10.61%).

           4.   Maximum entitlement of each participant
                The maximum number of shares issuable under options granted to each participant under the 2014 Share
                Option Scheme within any 12-month period up to the date of grant is limited to 1% of the shares of
                the Company in issue. Any further grant of options in excess of such limit must be separately approved
                by shareholders with such participant and his close associates (within the meaning of the Listing Rules)
                abstaining from voting.

                Share options granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company (or any
                of their respective associates) must be approved by the independent non-executive Directors (excluding
                any who is the grantee of options). Where any grant of share options to a substantial shareholder or an
                independent non-executive Director (or any of their respective associates) will result in the total number
                of shares issued and to be issued upon exercise of share options already granted and to be granted to
                such person under the 2014 Share Option Scheme and any other share option schemes of the Company
                (including options exercised, cancelled and outstanding) in any 12-month period up to and including
                the date of grant representing in aggregate over 0.1% of the Company’s shares in issue, and having an
                aggregate value, based on the closing price of the Company’s shares at each date of grant, in excess of
                HK$5 million, such further grant of share options is required to be approved by shareholders in a general
                meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules. Any change in the terms of share options granted to a
                substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive Director (or any of their respective associates) is
                also required to be approved by the shareholders of the Company.




42   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                                                             Directors’ Report



5.   Time of exercise of option
     An option may be exercised in accordance with the terms of the 2014 Share Option Scheme at any time
     during a period commencing on such date on or after the date on which the option is granted as the Board
     may determine in granting the option and expiring at the close of business on such date as the Board may
     determine in granting the option but in any event shall not exceed 10 years from the date of grant (which is
     the date of offer of grant if the offer for the grant of the option is accepted).

     No minimum period, during which the option granted under the 2014 Share Option Scheme must be held,
     is specified in the 2014 Share Option Scheme.

6.   Acceptance of offers
     An offer for the grant of options must be accepted within 30 days inclusive of the day on which such offer
     was made. The amount payable by the grantee of an option to the Company on acceptance of the offer for
     the grant of an option is HK$1.00.

7.   The basis of determining the exercise price
     The option price per Share payable on the exercise of an option is to be determined by the Board provided
     always that it shall be at least the higher of:–

     (i)    the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheet issued by the Stock Exchange for
            the date of offer of grant which must be a business day; and

     (ii)   the average closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock
            Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the date of offer of grant,

     provided that the option price per Share shall in no event be less than the nominal amount of one Share.

8.   The remaining life of the 2014 Share Option Scheme
     The 2014 Share Option Scheme will remain in force for a period of 10 years commencing on the date on
     which the 2014 Share Option is adopted by Shareholders in general meeting and shall expire at the close
     of business on the day immediately preceding the tenth anniversary thereof (i.e. 19 August 2024) unless
     terminated earlier by Shareholders in general meeting.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       43
     Directors’ Report



            The following tables show the movements in the Company’s share options granted to the Directors and
            employees under 2014 Share Option Scheme during the reporting year:

            Directors

                                                                                                       Number of share options
                                                                                                    Granted     Exercised     Cancelled/
                                                                                   Outstanding    during the   during the        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                          as at    Reporting    Reporting     during the        as at
                           Exercise                                                  1 January          Year         Year        Current 31 December
      Date of grant           price   Vesting period        Exercisable period            2020        Period       Period         Period        2020
                               HK$                                                                                          (Notes b & c)
      Directors:

      Lai Weide
      8 July 2016             6.320   8 July 2016 to        1 September 2017 to      2,500,000             –            –             –     2,500,000
                                        31 August 2017        20 August 2024

                                      8 July 2016 to        1 September 2018 to      2,500,000             –            –             –     2,500,000
                                        31 August 2018        20 August 2024

                                      8 July 2016 to        1 September 2019 to      2,500,000             –            –             –     2,500,000
                                        31 August 2019        20 August 2024

                                      8 July 2016 to        1 September 2020 to      2,500,000             –            –             –     2,500,000
                                        31 August 2020        20 August 2024

      15 April 2019           2.680   15 April 2019 to      30 September 2019 to     4,000,000             –            –             –     4,000,000
                                        29 September 2019     20 August 2024

                                      15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to     3,000,000             –            –             –     3,000,000
                                        29 September 2020     20 August 2024

                                      15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to     3,000,000             –            –             –     3,000,000
                                        29 September 2021     20 August 2024

      Liu Tangzhi
      15 April 2019           2.680   15 April 2019 to      30 September 2019 to     4,000,000             –            –             –     4,000,000
                                        29 September 2019     20 August 2024

                                      15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to     3,000,000             –            –             –     3,000,000
                                        29 September 2020     20 August 2024

                                      15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to     3,000,000             –            –             –     3,000,000
                                        29 September 2021     20 August 2024

      Lam Shing Choi,
        Eric (Note d)
      15 April 2019           2.680   15 April 2019 to      30 September 2019 to       800,000             –            –             –      800,000
                                        29 September 2019     20 August 2024

                                      15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to       600,000             –            –             –      600,000
                                        29 September 2020     20 August 2024

                                      15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to       600,000             –            –             –      600,000
                                        29 September 2021     20 August 2024
      (a) Sub-total (Directors)                                                     32,000,000             –            –             –    32,000,000




44   Skyworth Group Limited           Annual Report 2020
                                                                                                    Directors’ Report



     Employees

                                                                                                   Number of share options
                                                                                                Granted     Exercised     Cancelled/
                                                                               Outstanding    during the   during the        Lapsed Outstanding
                                                                                      as at    Reporting    Reporting     during the        as at
                     Exercise                                                    1 January          Year         Year        Current 31 December
Date of grant           price     Vesting period        Exercisable period            2020        Period       Period         Period        2020
                         HK$                                                                                            (Notes b & c)
Employees:

22 January 2016         4.226     22 January 2016 to    1 September 2016 to     14,852,000             –            –             –    14,852,000
                                    31 August 2016        20 August 2024

                                  22 January 2016 to    1 September 2017 to     17,154,000             –            –             –    17,154,000
                                    31 August 2017        20 August 2024

                                  22 January 2016 to    1 September 2018 to     25,692,000             –            –             –    25,692,000
                                    31 August 2018        20 August 2024

9 August 2017           4.090     9 August 2017 to      1 September 2018 to        500,000             –            –             –      500,000
                                    31 August 2018        20 August 2024

                                  9 August 2017 to      1 September 2019 to        500,000             –            –             –      500,000
                                    31 August 2019        20 August 2024

                                  9 August 2017 to      1 September 2020 to        500,000             –            –             –      500,000
                                    31 August 2020        20 August 2024

                                  9 August 2017 to      1 September 2021 to        500,000             –            –             –      500,000
                                    31 August 2021        20 August 2024

15 April 2019           2.680     15 April 2019 to      30 September 2019 to    13,360,000             –            –    (1,440,000)   11,920,000
                                    29 September 2019     20 August 2024

                                  15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to    10,020,000             –            –    (1,080,000)    8,940,000
                                    29 September 2020     20 August 2024

                                  15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to    10,020,000             –            –    (1,080,000)    8,940,000
                                    29 September 2021     20 August 2024
(b) Sub-total (Employees)                                                       93,098,000             –            –    (3,600,000)   89,498,000
Grand Total: (a) Directors + (b) Employees                                     125,098,000             –            –    (3,600,000) 121,498,000


     Notes:

     (a)        The closing prices of the Shares immediately before 22 January 2016, 8 July 2016, 9 August 2017 and 15
                April 2019 (i.e. the date on which the respective share options referred to above were granted) were HK$4.22,
                HK$6.32, HK$4.08 and HK$2.62 respectively.

     (b)        Share options lapsed due to cessation of employment.

     (c)        No share options were cancelled during the reporting year.

     (d)        Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric was appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February
                2020.




                                                                                          Annual Report 2020       Skyworth Group Limited           45
     Directors’ Report



     (c) Awarded Shares of the Company

           (i)   2014 Share Award Scheme
                 The share award scheme was approved by the Board on 24 June 2014 (the “2014 Share Award Scheme”).
                 The purpose of the 2014 Share Award Scheme is to recognise the contributions by eligible participants to
                 the Group and to incentivise them in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of
                 the Group, and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. The maximum number
                 of shares of the Company that can be awarded or held under the 2014 Share Award Scheme is limited to
                 2% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time. The maximum number of shares of the
                 Company (including vested and non-vested) which may be awarded to a selected employee under the 2014
                 Share Award Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time.
                 Details of the 2014 Share Award Scheme are set out in the Company’s announcement dated 24 June 2014.
                 During the reporting year, the Company did not purchase any shares of the Company from market through
                 an independent trustee. As at 31 December 2020, no shares of the Company were held by the independent
                 trustee for the purpose of the 2014 Share Award Scheme.

                 During the reporting year, no cash dividend had been received in respect of the shares of the Company held
                 upon the trust for the 2014 Share Award Scheme and shall form part of the trust fund of such trust.

                 The 2014 Share Award Scheme was terminated by the Board with effect from 31 December 2020 pursuant
                 to the rules of the 2014 Share Award Scheme.

                 Particulars of the 2014 Share Award Scheme are set out in note 48 to the consolidated financial statements.

                 First batch: Awarded shares granted on 25 July 2014
                 On 25 July 2014, a total of 27,836,000 awarded shares of the Company were granted by the Board
                 pursuant to the 2014 Share Award Scheme. 8,694,000, 8,442,000 and 3,753,000 awarded shares were
                 vested on 31 August 2015, 31 August 2016 and 31 August 2017 respectively.

                 Second batch: Awarded shares granted on 20 July 2015
                 On 20 July 2015, a total of 10,312,000 awarded shares of the Company were granted by the Board
                 pursuant to the 2014 Share Award Scheme, 2,978,000, 2,874,000 and 3,490,000 awarded shares were
                 vested on 31 December 2015, 31 December 2016 and 31 December 2017 respectively.

                 Third batch: Awarded shares granted on 12 June 2018
                 On 12 June 2018, a total of 10,060,000 awarded shares of the Company were granted by the Board
                 pursuant to the 2014 Share Award Scheme, 2,400,000, 3,410,000 and 3,350,000 awarded shares were
                 vested on 31 July 2018, 30 April 2019 and 30 April 2020 respectively.

                 Fourth batch: Awarded shares granted on 10 November 2020
                 On 10 November 2020, a total of 20,904,601 awarded shares of the Company were granted by the Board
                 pursuant to the 2014 Share Award Scheme and 20,904,601 awarded shares were vested on 30 November
                 2020.




46   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                                                         Directors’ Report



The movements of the 2014 Share Award Scheme during the reporting year were as follows:

                                                                 Number of awarded shares
                                             Outstanding                               Cancelled/ Outstanding
                                               unvested      Granted        Vested        Lapsed      unvested
                                             award as at   during the   during the     during the award as at
 Directors/                                    1 January    reporting    reporting      reporting 31 December
 Date of grant            Vesting date              2020         year         year           year         2020
 Lai Weide
 12 June 2018             30 April 2018                –            –             –            –             –

                          30 April 2019                –            –             –            –             –

                          30 April 2020        1,000,000            –    (1,000,000)           –             –

 10 November 2020         30 November 2020             –    4,000,000    (4,000,000)           –             –
                                               1,000,000    4,000,000    (5,000,000)           –             –
 Liu Tangzhi
 12 June 2018             30 April 2018                –            –             –            –             –

                          30 April 2019                –            –             –            –             –

                          30 April 2020        1,000,000            –    (1,000,000)           –             –

 10 November 2020         30 November 2020             –    2,000,000    (2,000,000)           –             –
                                               1,000,000    2,000,000    (3,000,000)           –             –
 Shi Chi
 10 November 2020         30 November 2020             –    1,000,000    (1,000,000)           –             –
                                                       –    1,000,000    (1,000,000)           –             –
 Lam Shing Choi,
   Eric (Note)
 12 June 2018             30 April 2018                –            –             –            –             –

                          30 April 2019                –            –             –            –             –

                          30 April 2020          150,000            –      (150,000)           –             –

 10 November 2020         30 November 2020             –    1,000,000    (1,000,000)           –             –
                                                 150,000    1,000,000    (1,150,000)           –             –
 Total                                         2,150,000    8,000,000   (10,150,000)           –             –


Note: Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric was appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28
         February 2020.




                                                                Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited    47
     Directors’ Report



           (ii)    2020 Share Award Scheme
                   The Board adopted a share award scheme on 21 October 2020 (the “2020 Share Award Scheme”). The
                   purpose of the 2020 Share Award Scheme is to recognise the contributions by eligible participants to the
                   Group and to incentivise them in order to retain them for the continual operation and development of the
                   Group, and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. The maximum number of
                   Shares to be awarded under the 2020 Share Award Scheme throughout its duration shall not exceed (i)
                   80,000,000 Shares or (ii) 2% of the issued share capital of the Company from time to time (whichever the
                   lower). The maximum number of Shares which may be awarded to a Selected Participant (including vested
                   and non-vested) under the Scheme shall not exceed 1% of the issued share capital of the Company from
                   time to time. During the reporting year, the Company did not purchase any shares of the Company from
                   market through an independent trustee. As at 31 December 2020, the independent trustee did not hold
                   any shares of the Company for the purpose of the 2020 Share Award Scheme. Details of the 2020 Share
                   Award Scheme are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 21 October 2020.

                   During the reporting year, no cash dividend had been received in respect of the shares of the Company held
                   upon the trust for the 2020 Share Award Scheme and shall form part of the trust fund of such trust.

           (iii)   As at 31 December 2020, none of the Directors or chief executives, or their associates, had any interests in
                   the awarded shares granted under the Company’s 2014 and 2020 Share Award Scheme.

     Save as disclosed above and the nominee shares in certain subsidiaries held in trust for the Group, none of the Directors
     or chief executives, had or was deemed to have any interests or short positions in any shares, underlying shares and
     debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of the SFO) which were required
     (i) to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including
     interests and short positions which they were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO); or (ii) to
     be recorded in the register maintained by the Company under Section 352 of the SFO; or (iii) to be notified to the
     Company and Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code as at 31 December 2020.

     DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
     During the reporting year, none of the executive Directors had any interests in any businesses, which competes or is
     likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group.

     EMOLUMENT POLICY
     The emoluments of the Directors are reviewed by the Remuneration Committee from time to time, with reference to the
     qualifications, responsibilities, experience and performance of the individual Directors, and the operating results of the
     Group. Details of the policy are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” on pages 52 to 69 of this annual report.

     RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
     Details of the retirement benefits schemes of the Group are set out in note 57 to the consolidated financial statements.




48   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
                                                                                         Directors’ Report



SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
So far as is known to the Directors or the chief executive of the Company, as at 31 December 2020, the register of
interests in shares and short positions maintained by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO showed that the
following persons, who are not a Director or chief executive of the Company, had, or were deemed to have interests or
short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the Company
and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO:

                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                              percentage of
                                                                                                                    the total
                                                                                           Number of              number of
  Name of shareholder                      Capacity                                       shares held          issued shares
                                                                                                                      (Note c)
  Long positions
  Target Success                           Trustee (Note a)                            1,200,958,799                  45.01%
  Wong Wang Sang, Stephen                  Beneficial owner                               37,300,000                   1.40%
                                           Held by spouse (Note b)                         9,160,382                   0.34%
                                           Interest of controlled corporation          1,200,958,799                  45.01%
                                             (Note a)
                                                                                       1,247,419,181                  46.75%


Notes:


(a)      1,200,958,799 shares of the Company are held by Target Success in its capacity as trustee of the Skysource Unit Trust in
         which all of the units and issued shares of Target Success are held by Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen. As such, Mr. Wong
         Wang Sang, Stephen is deemed to be interested in 1,200,958,799 shares of the Company.


(b)      Ms. Lin Wei Ping is interested in 1,247,419,181 shares of the Company, which comprise 9,160,382 shares held by herself
         and the deemed interests in 1,238,258,799 shares held by her spouse Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen.


(c)      The calculation is based on the total number of issued shares of the Company (i.e. 2,668,129,420 shares) as at 31
         December 2020.

Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2020, the Directors or the chief executive of the Company were not aware
of any other interests or short positions that any person (not being a Director or chief executive of the Company) had,
or were deemed to have in the shares and underlying shares of the Company which would fall to be disclosed to the
Company and the Stock Exchange under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and are recorded in
the register required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO.




                                                                                Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       49
     Directors’ Report



     CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
     The following is the continuing connected transactions of the Group conducted during the year and up to the date of
     this report:

     (i)    On 25 April 2019, Shenzhen Chuangwei Financial Leasing Company Limited（深圳創維融資租賃有限公司）
            (“Shenzhen Chuangwei Financial Leasing”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a
            sale and leaseback agreement with Nanjing Golden Dragon Bus Co., Ltd.（南京金龍客車製造有限公司）(“Nanjing
            Golden Dragon Bus”), pursuant to which Shenzhen Chuangwei Financial Leasing has agreed to provide sale and
            leaseback services in relation to a number of production equipment and motor vehicles in favour of Nanjing
            Golden Dragon Bus at an initial sale price of RMB260,000,000 (equivalent to approximately HK$302,879,000)
            commencing on the date of payment of the initial sale price and ends on the date which is 3 years from the date
            of the sale and leaseback agreement. Details of the transaction were announced by the Company on 25 April
            2019.

            As at the end of the reporting year, the actual leasing principal amount under the Leaseback Agreement was
            RMB160,000,000. The maximum leasing principal amount under the Leaseback Agreement at any point of time
            during the reporting year was RMB260,000,000.

            Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen, substantial shareholder of the Company, indirectly held approximately 88%
            equity interest of Nanjing Golden Dragon Bus and therefore Nanjing Golden Dragon Bus is an associate of a
            connected person of the Company under the Listing Rules. Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the
            Factoring Agreement and Leaseback Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
            under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     (ii)   On 9 August 2019, the Company entered into a consultancy contract with Mr. Wong Wang Sang, Stephen (“Mr.
            Stephen Wong”) to renew his engagement as a consultant of the Group for a term of 3 years commencing from
            9 August 2019 to 8 August 2022, with an annual consultancy fee of HK$1,200,000 and a discretionary bonus,
            subject to a total annual maximum amount payable to Mr. Stephen Wong of less than HK$3,000,000. Details of
            the transaction were announced by the Company on 9 August 2019 on a voluntary basis. The contract was fully
            exempted from the reporting, annual review, announcement, circular (including independent financial advice) and
            shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

     During the reporting year, the Company has complied with the relevant disclosure requirements in respect of its
     continuing connected transactions in accordance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. The independent non-executive
     Directors have reviewed the continuing connected transaction and confirmed that this transactions was entered into:
     (1) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (2) on normal commercial terms; and (3) in accordance
     with the terms of the respective agreement which is considered to be fair and reasonable and in the interests of the
     shareholders of the Company as a whole.

     Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, the independent auditors of the Company, was engaged to report on the above
     continuing connected transaction in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised)
     “Assurance Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to
     Practice Note 740 “Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transaction under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued
     by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. In accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules, the
     auditors have issued their unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing
     connected transaction disclosed above by the Company and a copy of the auditors’ letter has been provided by the
     Company to the Stock Exchange.

     Save as disclosed above, a summary of related party transactions made during the reporting year is disclosed in note 59
     to the consolidated financial statements.




50   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                                                                                 Directors’ Report



CONDITIONAL CASH OFFER TO BUY-BACK UP TO 392,800,000 SHARES AT
HK$2.80 PER SHARE
On 17 June 2020, the Company published an announcement in relation to an offer made by DBS Asia Capital Limited
on behalf of the Company to buyback for cancellation, subject to the conditions, up to a maximum of 392,800,000
Shares, representing approximately 12.83% of the issued Shares as at the date of such announcement, at the price
of HK$2.80 per Share (the “Offer”). The Offer was made in full compliance with the Share Buy-backs Code. The
consideration for the Offer, being a total of approximately HK$1,099.84 million, was paid in cash and will be funded by
internal resources of the Group. The Offer and the application of whitewash waiver were approved by the Shareholders
at the adjourned special general meeting of the Company held on 20 August 2020. The completion of the Offer and
cancellation of the 392,800,000 Shares bought-back by the Company took place on Monday, 14 September 2020. For
more information, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated 17 June 2020, 2 July 2020, 27 July 2020,
20 August 2020, 3 September 2020 and 14 September 2020 and the circular of the Company dated 27 July 2020.

PUBLIC FLOAT
On the basis of information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of its Board as at the
date of this report, the Company has complied with the public float requirement of the Listing Rules throughout the
reporting year.

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
The Company’s corporate governance principles and practices are set out in the “Corporate Governance Report” on
pages 52 to 69 of this annual report.

AUDIT COMMITTEE
The audit committee of the Company comprises of Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry (Chairman), Mr. Li Weibin and Mr.
Hung Ka Hai, Clement. The audit committee, together with the Board, have reviewed the accounting principles and
practices adopted by the Group and discussed auditing and financial reporting matters including the review of the
financial statements of the Group for the year ended 31 December 2020.

AUDITOR
The consolidated financial statements of the Group for the reporting year have been audited by Messrs Deloitte Touche
Tohmatsu. A resolution will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to re-appoint
Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as auditors of the Company.




By order of the Board




LAI Weide
Chairman of the Board
25 March 2021




                                                                         Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited      51
CORPORATE
GOVERNANCE
REPORT
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



The Company recognises the importance of a publicly listed company’s responsibilities to enhance its transparency
and accountability, and is committed to maintaining a high standard of corporate governance in the interests of its
shareholders. The Company devotes to best practice on corporate governance, and to comply to the extent practicable,
with the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) contained in Appendix 14 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”).

COMPLIANCE WITH THE CG CODE
During the financial year ended 31 December 2020 (herein below also referred as the reporting year) and up to the date
of this report, the Company has complied with the code provisions as set out in the CG Code, save and except for the
code provision A.6.7 of the CG Code.

Pursuant to code provision A.6.7 of the CG Code, the independent non-executive directors and other non-executive
directors should attend general meetings and develop a balanced understanding of the views of the shareholders of the
Company. Mr. Li Weibin, an independent non-executive Director, was unable to attend the annual general meeting of
the Company held on 22 May 2020 due to other prior business engagements. Two of our independent non-executive
Directors, namely Mr. Li Weibin and Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement, were unable to attend the adjourned special general
meeting of the Company held on 20 August 2020 due to other prior business engagements.

KEY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRINCIPLES
The Board

(1)   Responsibilities
      The Board is responsible for the leadership and control of, and promoting the success of the Group. This is
      achieved by the setting up of corporate strategic objectives and policies, and monitoring and evaluating of the
      operating activities and financial performance of the Group.

      The Board delegates the authority and responsibility for implementing day-to-day operations, business strategies
      and management of the Group’s businesses to the executive Directors, senior management and certain
      responsibilities to the specific Board committees.

(2)   Access for Supporting
      The Directors may have access to the advice and services of the Company Secretary with a view to ensuring that
      the Board’s procedures, and all applicable rules and regulations, are followed. In addition, the Directors may,
      upon reasonable request, to seek independent professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s
      expenses. The Board shall resolve to provide appropriate independent professional advice to the Directors to assist
      them on discharging their duties and responsibilities.

      Appropriate insurance cover has been arranged by the Company in respect of legal action arising from the
      business of the Group against the Directors.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited       53
     Corporate Governance Report



     (3)   Board Composition
           As at the date of this report, the Board consists of 9 members of which 6 are executive Directors and 3 are
           independent non-executive Directors. The list of Directors are set out on page 219 of this annual report. After
           annual assessment by the Nomination Committee during the year, the Board considers the current structure, size
           and composition of the Board is performing a balanced and independent monitoring function on management
           practices to complement the Company’s corporate strategy. Their biographical details including their respective
           interests in the Company and their respective relationships with other Directors and senior management of the
           Group, are set out on pages 25 to 32 of this annual report.

           Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric was appointed as executive Director with effect from 28 February 2020. Mr. Li Ming
           resigned as independent non-executive Director with effect from 18 March 2020. Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement was
           appointed as independent non-executive Director with effect from 18 March 2020.

           Executive Directors
           All of the executive Directors possess the qualification and experiences in their respective areas of responsibility.
           Under the leadership of the Chairman of the Board, the Board is able to maintain the success of the Group’s
           business.

           Independent Non-Executive Directors
           Currently, the 3 independent non-executive Directors are experienced professionals with different expertise in
           accounting, legal and strategic management. Their mix of skills and experience, and their independent view
           would definitely provide constructive comments and suggestions to the Board, contributing to the proper
           functioning of the Board and safeguarding the interests of the shareholders of the Company in general and the
           Company as a whole. The Board confirms that the Company has received from each of the independent non-
           executive Directors a confirmation of independence for the reporting year pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
           Rules and considers such independent non-executive Directors to be independent.

     (4)   Board Diversity Policy
           The Company recognises the importance of board diversity to corporate governance and the board effectiveness.
           The Board adopted a board diversity policy (“Policy”) which sets out the basic principles to ensure the Board has
           the appropriate balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives necessary to enhance the effectiveness
           of the Board and to maintain high standard of corporate governance. Under the Policy, the selection of Board
           candidates shall be based on a range of diversity perspectives with reference to the Company’s business model
           and specific needs, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural background, educational background, skills,
           knowledge and professional experience.

           In considering the new appointment of Directors, the Nomination Committee had considered the Policy and with
           reference to certain criteria such as integrity, independent mindedness, experience, skill and the ability to commit
           time and effort to carry out his duties and responsibilities effectively, etc.

           During the reporting year, the Nomination Committee conducted an annual review of the Board’s composition,
           taking into account of the Policy, and formed the view that the Board has maintained an appropriate mix and
           balance of skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of perspectives necessary to meet the business requirements
           of the Group. The Nomination Committee will review the Policy from time to time to ensure the effectiveness of
           the Policy and discuss any revisions that may be required, and make recommendations accordingly to the Board
           for consideration and approval.




54   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



(5)   Nomination Policy
      The Board adopted a nomination policy (the “Nomination Policy”) on 27 November 2018, which sets out the
      selection criteria and nomination procedures for the appointment of Directors. A summary of the Nomination
      Policy is disclosed below:

      Selection Criteria
      The factors listed below would be used as reference by the Nomination Committee in assessing the suitability of a
      proposed candidate:

      •    Character and integrity

      •    Accomplishment and experience in the areas of Company’s business and public board experience

      •    Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest

      •    Diversity in all its aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and
           educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service

      These factors are for reference only, and not meant to be exhaustive and decisive. The Nomination Committee has
      the discretion to nominate any person, as it considers appropriate.

      Nomination Procedures
      The Nomination Committee and the Board will follow the below procedures in appointing a Director:

      1.   The Nomination Committee uses multiple sources to identify the individual(s) who is/are suitably qualified to
           become Board members.

      2.   The Nomination Committee reviews the qualification, skills and experience of the individual(s) and, if
           thought fit, makes recommendation to the Board.

      3.   The Board considers the individual(s) who is/are recommended by the Nomination Committee by assessing
           and evaluating his/her qualification, skills and experience and, if thought fit, to approve the appointment of
           individual(s) as Director.

      4.   According to the Company’s bye-laws, any director appointed to fill the causal vacancy or as an addition
           to the existing Board shall hold office until the next following annual general meeting of the Company and
           shall then be eligible for re-election at the meeting.

      The Nomination Committee will review the Nomination Policy from time to time to ensure the effectiveness of the
      Nomination Policy and discuss any revisions that may be required, and recommended such revisions to the Board
      for consideration and approval.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       55
     Corporate Governance Report



     (6)   Continuous Professional Development
           On appointment to the Board, each newly appointed Director will attend an introduction covering the general,
           statutory and regulatory obligations of being a director to ensure sufficient awareness of responsibilities under
           the Listing Rules and other relevant regulatory requirements. Thereafter, the Company is required to provide the
           Directors with regular updates relating to the Group’s business.

           All Directors have complied with the code provision in the CG Code in relation to continuous professional
           development. This has involved various forms of activities including attending presentation given by external
           professional advisors and reading materials relevant to the regulatory updates, Company’s business, directors’
           duties and responsibilities. The Company continues to provide the Directors with updates relating to the relevant
           Listing Rules and regulations, ensuring the Directors have thorough understanding of good corporate governance.

           The Directors are required to provide the Company with details of professional training undertaken by them
           during the reporting year. Based on the details so provided, the professional training undertaken by the Directors
           during the reporting year is summarised as follows:

                                                                                        Training Areas

                                                                                                                 Group’s
                                                                                                                Business/
                                                                          Legal and        Corporate            Directors’
            Name of Director                                             Regulatory       Governance               Duties
            Executive Directors:
            Mr. Lai Weide                                                          ✓                  ✓                  ✓
            Mr. Liu Tangzhi                                                        ✓                  ✓                  ✓
            Ms. Lin Wei Ping                                                       ✓                  ✓                  ✓
            Mr. Shi Chi                                                            ✓                  ✓                  ✓
            Mr. Lin Jin                                                            ✓                  ✓                  ✓
            Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric                                               ✓                  ✓                  ✓
              (Appointed with effect from 28 February 2020)

            Independent Non-Executive Directors:
            Mr. Li Weibin                                                          ✓                  ✓                  ✓
            Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry                                            ✓                  ✓                  ✓
            Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement                                               ✓                  ✓                  ✓
              (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)
            Mr. Li Ming                                                          N/A                N/A                N/A
              (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)

     (7)   The Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of the Company
           The Chairman of the Board is Mr. Lai Weide and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company is Mr. Liu Tangzhi.
           The roles of the Chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company are segregated to ensure
           their respective independence, accountability and responsibility. The major duties of the Chairman of the Board
           are to provide leadership to the Board; to ensure the Directors receive, in a timely manner, adequate information
           which must be accurate, clear, complete and reliable; to ensure the Company established good corporate practice
           and procedures; and to provide appropriate briefing on the issues arising from Board meetings.

           The chief executive officer of the Company is responsible for implementing decisions and strategy approved by
           the Board and managing day-to-day operations of the Group with the support of the executive Directors and
           senior management.



56   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



(8)   Appointment, Re-election and Removal of Directors
      A person may be appointed as a member of the Board at any time either by the shareholders of the Company in
      a general meeting or by the Board upon recommendation of the Nomination Committee. Each of the Directors
      has entered into a service contract with the Company for a term of not more than 3 years. Directors who are
      appointed by the Board must retire at the next following annual general meeting after their appointment.

      According to the bye-laws of the Company as amended from time to time and the CG Code, all Directors are
      subject to retirement by rotation once every 3 years and one-third of the Directors for the time being (or, if their
      number is not a multiple of 3, the number nearest to, but not less than one-third) shall retire from office by
      rotation and shall be eligible for re-election at each annual general meeting.

(9)   Board Meetings and Corporate Governance Function
      The Board held a total of 6 meetings during the reporting year. Of these, 4 meetings were held mainly for
      approving 2019 final results, 2020 interim results and the quarterly results of the Group; the other meetings were
      held to discuss and consider important issues of the Group and review policies related to internal control and
      corporate governance.

      Sufficient notices to Board meetings are given to all Directors prior to the meetings for the purpose of providing
      all Directors with sufficient time to schedule their business for the meetings, and to propose matters to be
      included in the agenda for the meetings. Agenda and meeting documents are despatched to all Directors at least
      3 days before each of the meetings to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review documents and
      be adequately prepared for the meeting. When Directors are unable to attend a meeting, they are advised of the
      matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to the Chairman of the Board prior
      to the meeting.

      Management of the Company has, from time to time, supplied to the Board relevant information, as well as
      reports relating to operational and financial performance of the Group, enabling the Directors to make informed
      decisions. Members of the management who are responsible for preparation of the documents for discussion at
      the Board meetings are usually invited to present the relevant documents and to take any questions or address
      queries that the Directors may have on the documents. This enables the Board to perform a comprehensive and
      informed evaluation as part of the Board’s decision making processes.

      The proceedings of the Board at its meetings are conducted by the Chairman of the Board who is responsible
      to ensure that sufficient time is allocated for discussion and consideration of each agenda item and that equal
      opportunities are given to the Directors to speak and express their views and concerns. Minutes of the Board
      meetings are recorded in sufficient detail about the matters considered by the Board and the decisions reached,
      including any concerns raised by the Directors. The minutes are kept by the Company Secretary or any other
      personnel appointed by the Board at the meetings. Subsequently, the signed minutes are circulated to the
      Directors and are available for inspection by the Directors.

      During the reporting year, the Board was responsible for performing the corporate governance functions such as
      to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance; to review and monitor the
      training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management; to review and monitor
      the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements; to develop, review
      and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to employees and Directors; and to
      review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and make relevant disclosures in the Corporate Governance
      Report.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       57
     Corporate Governance Report



           The attendance records of each Director during the reporting year are set out in the section “Attendance Record
           of Directors and Committee Members”.

          Attendance Record of Directors and Committee Members
           The attendance record of each Director at the Board and Board committee meetings, and the general meetings of
           the Company during the reporting year is set out in the table below:

                                                                         Attendance/Number of Meetings
                                                                                                                      Adjourned
                                                                                                          Annual         Special
                                                                 Audit   Remuneration     Nomination     General        General
               Name of Director                    Board     Committee     Committee       Committee     Meeting        Meeting
               Executive Directors
               Mr. Lai Weide                         6/6             –               –              –        1/1*            0/1
               Mr. Liu Tangzhi                       6/6             –             4/4            4/4        1/1*            0/1
               Ms. Lin Wei Ping                      6/6             –               –              –        1/1             1/1*
               Mr. Shi Chi                           6/6             –               –              –        1/1*            1/1*
               Mr. Lin Jin                           6/6             –               –              –        0/1             1/1*
               Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric              5/5             –               –              –        1/1             1/1
                 (Note a)

               Independent Non-
                  Executive Directors
               Mr. Li Weibin                         6/6           4/4             4/4            4/4        0/1             0/1
               Mr. Cheong Ying Chew,                 6/6           4/4             4/4            4/4        1/1             1/1
                  Henry
               Mr. Hung Ka Hai,                      5/5           4/4             3/3            3/3        1/1             0/1
                  Clement (Note b)
               Mr. Li Ming (Note c)                  1/1             –             1/1            1/1          –               –

          Notes:


          (a)       Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric was appointed as an executive Director of the Company with effect from 28 February
                    2020.


          (b)       Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement was appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect
                    from 18 March 2020.


          (c)       Mr. Li Ming resigned as an independent non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 18 March 2020.


           *        As the 14-day quarantine policy is implementated in Hong Kong and mainland China due to the COVID-19
                    epidemic, such Director attended the general meeting via video conference.




58   Skyworth Group Limited             Annual Report 2020
                                                    Corporate Governance Report



(10) General Meetings
      The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are the primary communication with
      its shareholders. All shareholders of the Company are welcomed to attend the general meetings or to appoint
      proxies to attend and vote at meetings on their behalf. Other than shareholders’ participation, independent
      non-executive Directors should attend general meetings and develop a better understanding of the views of
      shareholders. During the reporting year, other than annual general meeting, one adjourned special general
      meeting was held to approve the Offer in relation to the Share buy-back and the application of whitewash waiver.

      The attendance record of each Director during the reporting year is set out in the section “Attendance Record of
      Directors and Committee Members”.

(11) Securities Transactions of Directors
      The Company has adopted the Code of Conduct on terms no less exacting than the required standard as set out
      in the Model Code. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, the Company received confirmation from each
      of the Directors that he/she had complied with the Code of Conduct throughout the reporting year.

Board Committees

As an integral part of good corporate governance and to assist the Board in execution of its duties, the Board is
supported by 4 board committees, including Executive Committee, Nomination Committee, Remuneration Committee
and Audit Committee. Each of these committees oversees particular aspects of the Group’s affairs under its defined
scope of duties and terms of reference approved by the Board. The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee,
Remuneration Committee and Audit Committee are available on the websites of the Company and the Stock Exchange.
All committees are provided with sufficient resources to discharge their duties.

(1)   Executive Committee
      The Executive Committee was established by the Board on 5 February 2005 with written terms of reference
      adopted on the same date. The Executive Committee currently comprises 11 members, including several executive
      Directors and senior management of the Company.

      The Executive Committee has been delegated with powers from the Board to deal with matters of the Group. The
      authority and major duties of the Executive Committee are summarised as follows:

      •    to establish strategic planning and financial budgets for Board’s approval;

      •    to monitor daily business operations, including sales, productions, brand and product promotion and human
           resources capital, of the Group;

      •    to review and approve management reports;

      •    to evaluate investments opportunities for Board’s approval; and

      •    to monitor fund flows and evaluate cash management policies of the Group.

      The Executive Committee held monthly meetings during the reporting year to review, discuss and evaluate the
      monthly business performance and other business and operational matters of each major subsidiary of the Group.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited     59
     Corporate Governance Report



     (2)   Audit Committee
           The Audit Committee was established by the Board since the listing of the shares of the Company on the Stock
           Exchange on 7 April 2000. As at the date of this report, the Audit Committee currently comprises 3 independent
           non-executive Directors. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry and the other
           members are Mr. Li Weibin and Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement.

           The Audit Committee has its written terms of reference adopted since its establishment. The terms of reference
           were subsequently revised on 30 March 2012 in order to comply with the then adopted amendments to the CG
           Code. In light of the amendments made to the CG Code with effect from 1 January 2016, the Board has further
           adopted the revised terms of reference of the Audit Committee on 15 December 2015 in accordance with such
           CG Code amendments.

           The major duties of the Audit Committee set out in its terms of reference are summarised as follows:

           •    to ensure and coordinate the relationship with the Company’s external auditors and make
                recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the external auditors,
                and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditors;

           •    to review the Company’s financial information; and

           •    to oversee the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems.

           The Audit Committee held 4 meetings during the reporting year for the purposes of, including but not limited to,
           the following:

           •    reviewed and commented on the Company’s annual and interim financial reports;

           •    reviewed the unaudited 2020 first and third quarterly results of the Company;

           •    oversaw the Group’s financial reporting system, risk management and internal control systems on an
                ongoing basis;

           •    reviewed the financial reporting system to ensure the adequacy of resources, qualifications and experience
                of staff in accounting and financial reporting functions of the Group;

           •    discussed the Group’s internal audit plan with the Risk Management Department;

           •    reviewed the continuing connected transactions of the Company; and

           •    met and communicated with the external auditors for audit works of the Group.

           The attendance record of each member of Audit Committee during the reporting year is set out in the section
           “Attendance Record of Directors and Committee Members”.




60   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                                    Corporate Governance Report



(3)   Nomination Committee
      The Nomination Committee was set up under the auspices of the Board on 5 February 2005 with written terms
      of reference adopted on 19 August 2005, which was further updated and approved on 30 March 2012 and
      25 August 2017. The Nomination Committee currently comprises 4 members. As at the date of this report, the
      chairman of the Nomination Committee is Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement and the other members are Mr. Li Weibin,
      Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry and Ms. Lin Wei Ping. Except for Ms. Lin Wei Ping, is an executive Director, the
      remaining 3 members are independent non-executive Directors.

      The major duties of the Nomination Committee as set out in its terms of reference are summarised as follows:

      •    to review the structure, size and composition of the Board at least annually and to make recommendations
           on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

      •    to be responsible for identifying and nominating suitably qualified candidates as additional Directors or to
           fill Board vacancies as such occasions arise for approval of the Board;

      •    to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
           planning for Directors in particular regarding the chairman and the chief executive officer;

      •    in case of appointment and re-appointment of independent non-executive Directors, to assess the
           independence of the appointees having regard to relevant guidelines or requirements of the Listing Rules in
           place from time to time; and

      •    to assess the independence of independent non-executive Directors on an annual basis having regard to
           relevant guidelines or requirements of the Listing Rules in place from time to time.

      The Nomination Committee held 4 meetings during the reporting year for the purposes, including but not limited
      to the followings:

      •    reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board;

      •    reviewed and assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;

      •    reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the proposal for the appointment of an executive
           Director and an independent non-executive Director; and

      •    reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the re-appointment of an executive Director and an
           independent non-executive Director.

      The attendance record of each member of Nomination Committee during the reporting year is set out in the
      section “Attendance Record of Directors and Committee Members”.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      61
     Corporate Governance Report



     (4)   Remuneration Committee
           The Remuneration Committee was set up under the auspices of the Board on 5 February 2005 with written terms
           of reference adopted on 19 August 2005, which was updated and approved on 30 March 2012 and 25 August
           2017. The Remuneration Committee currently comprises 4 members. As at the date of this report, the chairman
           of the Remuneration Committee is Mr. Li Weibin and the other members are Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry,
           Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement and Ms. Lin Wei Ping. Except for Ms. Lin Wei Ping who is an executive Director, the
           remaining 3 members of the Remuneration Committee are independent non-executive Directors.

           The major duties of the Remuneration Committee set out in its terms of reference are summarised as follows:

           •    to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors’ and
                senior management remuneration and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedures for
                developing remuneration policy;

           •    to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to Board’s corporate goals
                and objectives;

           •    to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and
                senior management, and to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive
                Directors;

           •    to review and approve compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or
                termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with contractual terms and is otherwise
                fair and not excessive;

           •    to review and approve compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal of Directors for
                misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with contractual terms and are otherwise reasonable and
                appropriate;

           •    to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in deciding his/her own remuneration; and

           •    to produce and approve disclosure statements of the Company’s remuneration policy and other disclosures
                in relation to the Remuneration Committee and its work as required by applicable laws and rules where
                necessary.

           The Remuneration Committee held 4 meetings during the reporting year for the purposes of, including but not
           limited to, the following:

           •    reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on bonus payable to the Directors and senior
                management of the Company;

           •    reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the proposal for the grant of share award;

           •    discussed and made recommendation to the Board on the proposed remuneration package in relation to the
                appointment of an executive Director and an independence non-executive Director; and

           •    reviewed and made recommendation to the Board on the renewal of service contract of an executive
                Director and an independence non-executive Director.

           The attendance record of each member of Remuneration Committee during the reporting year is set out in the
           section “Attendance Record of Directors and Committee Members”.




62   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



(5)   Remuneration Policy of the Group
      The remuneration policy of the Group is formulated to ensure remuneration offered to the Directors or employees
      is appropriate for the corresponding duties performed, sufficiently compensated for the effort and time dedicated
      to the affairs of the Group, and competitive and effective in attracting, retaining and motivating employees. The
      key components of the Company’s remuneration package include basic salary, and where appropriate, other
      allowances, incentive bonus, mandatory provident funds, state-managed retirement benefits scheme, share
      options granted under the share option schemes of the Company and awarded shares granted under the Share
      Award Scheme. Details of the share option schemes of the Company and Share Award Scheme are set out in the
      sections “Share options of the Company” and “Awarded shares of the Company” in the Directors’ Report, notes
      47 and 48 to the consolidated financial statements.

      The emoluments payable to Directors are determined with reference to the responsibilities, qualifications,
      experience, performance of the Directors and prevailing market conditions. They include incentive bonus primarily
      based on the results of the Group, share options granted under the share option schemes of the Company and
      awarded shares granted under the Share Award Scheme. The Remuneration Committee performs review on
      the emoluments of the Directors from time to time. No Director, nor any of his/her associates and executive, is
      involved in deciding his/her own emoluments.

      Employees’ remuneration packages are determined with reference to the responsibilities, qualifications and
      experience of individuals. The packages are reviewed annually and as required from time to time. The Group
      also continuously spends resources in training, retention and recruitment programmes, and encouraging staff for
      self-development and improvements. The Group uses the “key performance indicators”, a methodical system,
      to monitor and evaluate the performance of managerial staff, aiming to achieve continuous improvements and
      correction of deficiencies by establishing a measurable benchmark.

      The Board recognises that the future success of the Group depends largely on its ability to build up a team of high
      calibre professional managers as its human resource capital. The Group is committed to building up such human
      resource capital to enhance its assets for ensuring future growth.

      The remuneration of the individual Directors and the 5 highest paid individuals are set out in notes 12 and 13 to
      the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited       63
     Corporate Governance Report



     Accountability and Audit

     The Board is accountable to the shareholders of the Company through proper financial reporting, regular internal
     control reviews, interim reviews and annual audits. These are the most efficient way in assessing the effectiveness of the
     Board in managing the business and affairs of the Group.

     Financial Reporting
     The Directors are responsible for overseeing the preparation of the annual consolidated financial statements which give
     a true and fair view of the state of business affairs and of the results and cash flow of the Group for the reporting year.
     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the Directors have:

     •     approved the adoption of the applicable Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards;

     •     selected suitable accounting policies and applied them consistently throughout the year covered by the
           consolidated financial statements;

     •     made judgments and estimates that were prudent and reasonable, and ensured the consolidated financial
           statements were prepared on a going concern basis; and

     •     ensured that the consolidated financial statements were prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements
           of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, the Listing Rules and the applicable accounting standards.

     The Board recognises that high quality corporate reporting is important in enhancing the relationship between the
     Company and its stakeholders. The Board aims at presenting a balanced, clear and comprehensible vision of the
     performance, position and prospects of the Group in all corporate communications. The Company’s management
     provides the Board with monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s business and
     financial performance in sufficient detail to enable the Board to discharge their duties.

     The statement of Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, being the external auditors of the Company, reporting their
     responsibilities on the financial statements is set out in the “Independent Auditors’ Report” on pages 70 to 76 to this
     annual report.

     Internal Controls
     The Board acknowledges its responsibility to ensure that a sound and effective risk management and internal control
     system is maintained. The system includes a defined management structure with specified limits of authority, to:

     •     achieve business objectives and safeguard assets against unauthorised use or disposition;

     •     ensure maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for internal
           use or for publication; and

     •     ensure compliance with the relevant legislation and regulations.

     The internal control system is designed to provide reasonable, but not absolute, assurance against material
     misstatement or loss, and manage, rather than eliminate, risks of failure in operational systems, and to ensure
     achievement of the Group’s objectives.




64   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



The Board had performed annual review on the effectiveness and adequacy of the Group’s risk management and
internal control systems, including but not limited to changes in the any risks since last year’s review, the scope and
quality of management’s ongoing review on risk management and internal control systems of the Group; result of
internal audit work; significant failures or weaknesses identified and their impacts on the Group during the reporting
year; and the financial reporting and status of compliance with the Listing Rules by the Group, in accordance with its
internal control framework set out below with the assistance of the Risk Management Department.

Risk Management and Internal Control Framework
The internal control framework established by the Board is highlighted as follows:

(1)   Distinct Organisational Structure
      To allow delegation of authority as well as to enhance accountability, a distinct organisational structure
      exists which details lines of authority and control responsibilities in each business unit of the Group.
      Division/Department heads are involved in preparing the strategic plan and the operation plan based on the
      corporate strategies and annual operational and financial targets determined by the Board. Both of the strategic
      plan and the annual operating plan laid down the foundation for preparation of the annual budgets, which
      identify and prioritise business opportunities with reference to the resources allocation.

      During the reporting year, the Group continued to implement a series of corporate reorganisation programmes
      in order to achieve a unit chain of command and improve the operation flow. With the continuous focus on the
      unit chain of command, the Group anticipates to attain better controls and effectively monitor the management,
      operational and financial processes.

(2)   Comprehensive Management Reporting
      A comprehensive management reporting system is in place providing financial and operational performance
      measurement indicators to the management and relevant financial information for reporting and disclosure
      purposes. Variances between actual performances and targets are prepared, analysed and explained, and
      appropriate actions are taken, if necessary, to rectify the deficiencies noted. This helps the management of the
      Company to monitor the business operations and enables the Board to formulate a strategic plan in a timely and
      prudent manner.

(3)   Regular Risk Assessment
      Systems and procedures are set up to identify, measure, manage and control risks including but not limited to
      operational risk, accounting risk, interest rate risk and compliance risk that may have an impact on the business of
      the Group. The Risk Management Department evaluates whether the Group’s risk management is in line with the
      established strategies, policies and procedures of the Company.

(4)   Regulated Cash and Treasury Management
      The Group maintains a sound system and clear authority limit to ensure daily cash and treasury operations meet
      the relevant policies and rules established by the Group.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       65
     Corporate Governance Report



     (5)   Regular Reviews by Risk Management Department and Internal Audit Department
           The Risk Management Department was established by the Company in December 2005. The key function of
           the Risk Management Department is to provide an independent appraisal function to examine and evaluate
           operations, the systems of internal control and risk management as a service to the Company and its subsidiaries.
           The Risk Management Department assists all levels of administrations in the achievement of the organisational
           goals and objectives by striving to provide a positive impact on:

           •     efficiency and effectiveness of operating functions;

           •     reliability of financial reporting;

           •     status of implementation and effectiveness of the internal control policies and procedures; and

           •     compliance with applicable laws and regulations.

           The Risk Management Department also has a role to assist the Board and the Audit Committee to ensure that the
           Company maintains a sound system of internal controls by:

           •     reviewing all aspects of the Group’s activities and internal controls with unrestricted right of access;

           •     conducting comprehensive audits of the practices and procedures of the Group;

           •     conducting comprehensive audits of income and expenditure, internal controls of all business units of the
                 Group;

           •     conducting comprehensive audits of cash and operational management for various sales offices on a regular
                 basis with the support by the Internal Audit Department; and

           •     conducting special reviews and investigations of concerned areas identified by the Board or the
                 management.

     The Head of Risk Management has unrestricted direct access to the Audit Committee and reports directly to the Board
     and the Audit Committee. The Head of Risk Management is invited to attend the Audit Committee meetings and has
     the right to bring appropriate matters identified during the course of the risk assessment and the internal audits to the
     attention of the Audit Committee. This reporting structure allows the Risk Management Department to maintain its
     independence and to have free access to all members of the Board.

     During the reporting year and up to the date of this report, the work performed by the Risk Management Department
     includes:

     •     reviewed and evaluated major business cycles of several business units; and

     •     reviewed the effectiveness of all material aspects of the risk management and internal control systems of the
           Group.




66   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
                                                      Corporate Governance Report



The Internal Audit Department was established since 1996 mainly for examining and evaluating the operations and
compliance status of the sales offices and branches in the mainland China TV business unit, which is the largest cash
flow and revenue contributor of the Group. Besides, it also carries out special audits when senior staff leaving their
positions either due to resignations or job rotations within the Group. During the reporting year, the Internal Audit
Department also carried out the audit of certain major business units, in order to enhance the management and
operational efficiency. Currently, the Internal Audit Department has approximately 24 staff members, most of them
continuously travel all over mainland China and overseas to perform their internal audit work.

During the reporting year, the Internal Audit Department issued over 27 reports to the Board and senior management
on its regular reviews of operations and compliance audits of certain business units, sales offices and branches as well
as reports on senior staff leaving their positions.

Internal Audit Plan
The Risk Management Department, by considering current status and future development of the Group, would submit
an internal audit annual plan (“IA Annual Plan”) to the Audit Committee and the Board for review and approval, in
order to match with the business strategy of the Group.

Risk Management and Internal Control Review
During the reporting year, the Board, through the work performed by the Risk Management Department, conducted
a review on the system of internal controls in accordance with the IA Annual Plan, which covers material controls,
including financial, operational and compliance controls and risk management functions. The results of the
review indicated that the system of risk management and internal controls of the Group is effective and adequate
notwithstanding that there were some improvement opportunities identified. The Board would consider and evaluate
those improvement opportunities identified by the Risk Management Department and make corresponding changes
to the current system as and when appropriate. The Board would continue to review and improve the internal control
system in fulfilment of Group’s business objective.

External Auditor
The Group’s external auditor is Messrs Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong (“Deloitte”).
The Audit Committee is mandated to ensure continuing auditors’ objectivity and safeguarding independence of
the auditor. The Board and the Audit Committee satisfied Deloitte of their findings, independence, objectivity and
effectiveness in the annual audit and their audit fees. A statement by Deloitte about their reporting responsibilities for
the financial statements is included in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 70 to 76 of this annual report. Up to
the date of this report, the Audit Committee has considered and approved the engagement of Deloitte as auditor of the
Group for the reporting year and the corresponding audit fee estimation.

Details of the fees paid or payable by the Group to Deloitte in respect of their audit and other non-audit services for the
reporting year are as follows:

                                                                                                2020               2019
 Nature of services                                                                        Amounts             Amounts
                                                                                       RMB million          RMB million
 Audit service (including review of interim financial statements)                                 10                   9
 Non-audit and tax related service                                                                17                   4
 Total                                                                                            27                  13




                                                                           Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       67
     Corporate Governance Report



     Company Secretary

     Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric (“Mr. Lam”) was appointed as the Company Secretary since 1 December 2013. The
     biographical details of Mr. Lam are set out under the section headed “Directors and Senior Management Profiles” of
     this annual report.

     During the reporting year, Mr. Lam has untaken no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training respectively in
     compliance with Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.

     Corporate Communication with Stakeholders

     The Company has in place an effective corporate communication system which provides transparent, regular and
     timely public disclosures to its stakeholders, including, inter alia, the general public, analysts, and the institutional and
     individual shareholders of the Company. The main features of the system are that:

     •     the Company maintains a website on which comprehensive information about the Group, including corporate
           structure, management profile, products and services provided, financial reports, announcements and news of the
           Group, are disclosed;

     •     the Company establishes and maintains different communication channels with its stakeholders through
           publication of annual and interim reports, announcements and press releases. To promote effective
           communication, the shareholders of the Company can obtain corporate communication electronically via the
           Company’s corporate website http://investor.skyworth.com/en/index.php;

     •     the annual general meeting of the Company provides a good forum for the shareholders to exchange views with
           the Board. The Chairman of the Board as well as chairman of the Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and
           Remuneration Committee, or in their absence, members of the committees will be available to answer questions
           which may be raised by the shareholders of the Company;

     •     separate resolutions are proposed at general meetings on each substantial issue, including the election of
           individual Directors;

     •     details of the poll voting procedures and the rights of shareholders to demand a poll are included in a circular to
           the shareholders despatched prior to the date of the relevant general meeting. The circular also includes relevant
           details of proposed resolutions;

     •     the Company has in place a Shareholders’ Communication Policy to ensure that shareholders’ views and concerns
           are appropriately addressed. The policy is regularly reviewed to ensure its effectiveness;

     •     the poll results are published on the website of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited and on the
           Company’s website http://investor.skyworth.com/en/index.php; and

     •     the Company publishes its own newsletter, which report up-to-date corporate strategy and business development
           of the Group, on a regular basis for internal circulation.




68   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
                                                     Corporate Governance Report



Shareholders’ Right

To safeguard shareholder interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantially separate
issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings
will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company
and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.

Pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company, shareholder(s) holding at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than
one-tenth of the paid up capital of the Company carrying the voting right at general meetings of the Company shall
at all times have the right, by written requisition to the Board or the Company Secretary, to request a special general
meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition; and such meeting
shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If within twenty-one days of such deposit the
Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) himself/themselves may do so in the same manner.

The procedures for shareholders of the Company to convene a special general meeting and put forward proposals at
shareholders’ meetings are available on the website of the Company, and a summary of which is as follows:

Shareholders can submit a requisition to move a resolution at general meetings pursuant to the Companies Act 1981 of
Bermuda. The number of shareholders necessary for a requisition shall be:

•     either representing not less than one-twentieth (5%) of the total voting rights of the Company having on the date
      of the requisition; or

•     not less than 100 shareholders of the Company.

The written requisitions must:

•     state the resolution, with a statement not more than 1,000 words with respect to the matter referred to in the
      proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at the meeting;

•     be signed by all the requisitionists (may consist of several documents in like form each signed by one or more
      requisitionists); and

•     be deposited at the head office of the Company in Hong Kong for the attention of the Company Secretary.

Shareholders of the Company may send their enquiries and concerns to the Board by addressing them to the Company
Secretary at the Company’s Hong Kong office at Rooms 1601-04, Westlands Centre, 20 Westlands Road, Quarry Bay,
Hong Kong. Shareholders of the Company can also make enquiries to the Board directly at the general meetings.

Constitutional Documents

During the reporting year, there is no change in the Company’s constitutional documents.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      69
INDEPENDENT
AUDITOR’S
REPORT
                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report




To the Members of Skyworth Group Limited
創維集團有限公司
(incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Skyworth Group Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries
(collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 77 to 215, which comprise the consolidated statement of
financial position as at 31 December 2020, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive
income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended,
and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure
requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of
the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with
the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on these matters.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      71
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
     Key audit matter                                                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter

     Write-down for inventories

     We identified the write-down for inventories as a key                           Our procedures in relation to the write-down for
     audit matter due to the significance of inventories to the                      inventories include:
     consolidated statement of financial position as a whole,
     combined with significant management judgement                                  •   Obtaining an understanding of management’s
     associated with the assessment of write-down for                                    process of carrying out the assessment of write-down
     inventories.                                                                        of inventories;

     As disclosed in note 27 to the consolidated financial                           •   Evaluating the basis of write-down for inventories
     statements, inventories of the Group as at 31 December                              assessed by management;
     2020 comprised of raw materials, work in progress
     and finished goods amounting to RMB2,247 million,                               •   Assessing the appropriateness of the estimated selling
     RMB234 million and RMB3,523 million respectively. As                                prices of the inventories by tracing to recent or
     further disclosed in note 11 to the consolidated financial                          subsequent selling prices of the same products, on a
     statements, an expense of RMB64 million was recognised                              sample basis;
     in profit or loss to write-down the cost of inventories
     to their net realisable values during the year ended 31                         •   Evaluating the reasonableness of management’s
     December 2020.                                                                      estimated cost to completion and tracing to the
                                                                                         supporting documents, on a sample basis; and
     As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial
     statements, the assessment of write-down for inventories                        •   Testing the integrity of the inventory ageing report
     re q u i re s s i g n i f i c a n t m a n a g e m e n t j u d g e m e n t i n       used as a basis to calculate the provision.
     determining estimated selling prices and estimated cost
     to completion.




72   Skyworth Group Limited             Annual Report 2020
                                                      Independent Auditor’s Report



KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Key audit matter                                              How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Estimated provision of expected credit losses for
trade receivables

We identified the estimated provision of expected credit      Our procedures in relation to estimated provision of
losses for trade receivables as a key audit matter due to     expected credit losses for trade receivables included:
the significance of trade receivables to the consolidated
statement of financial position as a whole, combined          •   Obtaining an understanding of management’s
with significant management estimation associated with            process of assessing the expected credit losses of
the assessment of impairment of trade receivables.                trade receivables;

As disclosed in note 30 to the consolidated financial         •   Evaluating the appropriateness of groupings of trade
statements, the aggregate carrying amount of trade                debtors having similar loss patterns in the provision
receivables at amortised cost and at fair value through           matrix and testing the integrity of the information
other comprehensive income is RMB9,162 million (net               used by management to develop the provision matrix;
of allowance for credit losses of RMB388 million). An
impairment loss of RMB5 million was recognised in profit      •   Evaluating the reasonableness of management’s
or loss during the year ended 31 December 2020.                   determination of the estimated loss rates (with
                                                                  reference to historical default rates and publicly
As disclosed in note 4 to the consolidated financial              available forward-looking information); and
statements, the impairment loss assessment requires
significant management estimation in determining the          •   Evaluating the reasonableness of management’s
expected credit losses for trade receivables. The Group           determination of allowance for credit losses for
uses provision matrix, through grouping of various                credit-impaired trade receivables with reference to,
debtors that have similar loss patterns, after considering        where applicable, internal credit ratings, size and
internal credit ratings, size and background of debtors,          background of debtors, business relationship with
business relationships with the debtors and repayment             the debtors, the historical settlement experience,
history and/or past due status of respective trade                subsequent settlements, future expected settlement
receivables, to calculate expected credit losses for trade        plan, and other factors.
receivables. The estimated loss rates are based on the
historical default rates taking into consideration forward-
looking information that is reasonable, supportable
and available without undue costs. In addition, trade
receivables with significant balances and credit-impaired
are assessed for expected credit losses individually
with reference to the historical settlement experience,
subsequent settlements, future expected settlement plan,
among others.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited      73
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s
     report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
     work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
     to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE
     FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
     consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.

     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.

     A U D I T O R ’ S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E A U D I T O F T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with Section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act, and for no other
     purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.
     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
     HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are
     considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic
     decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




74   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                                                     Independent Auditor’s Report



A U D I T O R ’ S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E A U D I T O F T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

•    Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
     fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
     sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
     resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
     omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•    Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
     appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
     Group’s internal control.

•    Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
     related disclosures made by the directors.

•    Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
     the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
     significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
     exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
     financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
     the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
     cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•    Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
     disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in
     a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•    Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business
     activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for
     the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       75
     Independent Auditor’s Report



     A U D I T O R ’ S R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S F O R T H E A U D I T O F T H E C O N S O L I D AT E D
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
     of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
     during our audit.

     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
     matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
     because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits
     of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Chung Chi Man.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     25 March 2021




76   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                      Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
                                     Other Comprehensive Income
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020

                         Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi except for earnings per share data and otherwise stated



                                                                          NOTES                 2020              2019
Revenue
  Sales of goods                                                                             39,657             36,802
  Leases                                                                                        406                408
  Interest under effective interest method                                                       30                 67
Total revenue                                                                5               40,093             37,277
Cost of sales                                                                               (32,929)           (29,775)
Gross profit                                                                                    7,164             7,502
Other income                                                                 7                  1,233             1,071
Other gains and losses                                                      8(a)                1,144               275
Impairment loss recognised in respect of financial assets                   8(b)                 (179)             (223)
Selling and distribution expenses                                                              (3,477)           (3,757)
General and administrative expenses                                                            (1,415)           (1,014)
Research and development expenses                                                              (1,865)           (1,843)
Finance costs                                                                9                   (440)             (484)
Share of results of associates                                                                     15                21
Share of results of joint ventures                                                                  –                 5
Profit before taxation                                                                         2,180             1,553
Income tax expense                                                          10                  (345)             (522)
Profit for the year                                                         11                 1,835             1,031
Other comprehensive income (expense)
Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
Exchange differences arising on translation of foreign operations                                 45                 24
Fair value loss on trade receivables at fair value through other
   comprehensive income (“FVTOCI”)                                                                (24)                –
Income tax relating to item that will be reclassified subsequently                                  1                 –
Cumulative loss reclassified to profit or loss upon
   disposal of trade receivables at FVTOCI                                                        17                  –
                                                                                                  39                 24
Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
Fair value loss on investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI                                  (299)              (141)
Income tax relating to item that will not be
   reclassified subsequently                                                                      47                 21
                                                                                                (252)              (120)
Other comprehensive expense for the year                                                        (213)               (96)
Total comprehensive income for the year                                                        1,622               935




                                                                          Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited      77
     Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and
     Other Comprehensive Income
     For the year ended 31 December 2020

     Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi except for earnings per share data and otherwise stated



                                                                               NOTES                2020   2019
      Profit for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                                      1,440    747
        Non-controlling interests                                                                    395    284
                                                                                                   1,835   1,031
      Total comprehensive income for the year attributable to:
        Owners of the Company                                                                      1,225    642
        Non-controlling interests                                                                    397    293
                                                                                                   1,622    935
      Earnings per share (expressed in Renminbi cents)
      Basic                                                                      15                49.23   24.61


      Diluted                                                                    15                44.46   24.52




78   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
                    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
                                                                                           At 31 December 2020

                                                                        Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                  NOTES                2020              2019
Non-current Assets
Property, plant and equipment                                      16                  5,803             7,040
Right-of-use assets                                                17                  2,470             2,496
Deposits paid for purchase of property, plant and equipment                              132               299
Investment properties                                              18                  1,566                 4
Goodwill                                                           19                    447               410
Intangible assets                                                  20                     99                91
Interests in associates                                            21                    197               196
Interests in joint ventures                                        22                     17                19
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)    23                  1,032             1,005
Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                       23                  1,216             1,523
Finance lease receivables                                          24                      1                 5
Loan receivables                                                   25                    598               585
Deferred tax assets                                                26                    498               500
                                                                                     14,076            14,173
Current Assets
Inventories                                                        27                 6,004             4,909
Stock of properties                                                28                 5,045             4,171
Investments in debt securities                                     29                     –                83
Financial assets at FVTPL                                          23                   607                50
Trade and bills receivables                                        30                13,251            14,265
Trade receivables at FVTOCI                                        30                   400                 –
Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                        31                 2,890             2,045
Derivative financial instruments                                   37                     9                 –
Loan receivables                                                   25                 1,115             1,540
Finance lease receivables                                          24                   127               125
Prepaid tax                                                                             119                75
Pledged bank deposits                                              32                 1,309               885
Restricted bank deposits                                           32                   318               411
Bank balances and cash                                             32                 8,214             4,806
                                                                                     39,408            33,365
Assets classified as held for sale                                 33                   200                 –
                                                                                     39,608            33,365




                                                                  Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      79
     Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
     At 31 December 2020

     Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                         NOTES             2020              2019
      Current Liabilities
      Trade and bills payables                                            34             11,899            10,059
      Other payables                                                      35              4,672             4,264
      Other financial liabilities                                         36                199                 –
      Derivative financial instruments                                    37                 25                 4
      Lease liabilities                                                   38                 54                34
      Contract liabilities                                                39              3,107             1,951
      Corporate bonds                                                     44                  –             1,990
      Provision for warranty                                              40                205               181
      Tax liabilities                                                                       265               189
      Bank borrowings                                                     41              7,401             7,135
      Deferred income                                                     42                180               170
                                                                                         28,007            25,977
      Liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale      33                 84                 –
                                                                                         28,091            25,977
      Net Current Assets                                                                 11,517             7,388
      Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                              25,593            21,561
      Non-current Liabilities
      Other financial liabilities                                         36                  98              285
      Lease liabilities                                                   38                 141              112
      Provision for warranty                                              40                  97               91
      Bank borrowings                                                     41               3,986            1,042
      Convertible bonds                                                   43                 913              924
      Corporate bonds                                                     44                 874                –
      Deferred income                                                     42                 270              426
      Deferred tax liabilities                                            26                 120              262
      Derivative financial instruments                                    37                 103              276
                                                                                           6,602            3,418
      NET ASSETS                                                                         18,991            18,143
      Capital and Reserves
      Share capital                                                       45                273               308
      Reserves                                                                           16,037            15,684
      Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                       16,310            15,992
      Non-controlling interests                                                           2,681             2,151
                                                                                         18,991            18,143


     The consolidated financial statements on pages 77 to 215 were approved and authorised for issue by the board of
     directors on 25 March 2021 and are signed on its behalf by:




                              LAI WEIDE                                          LIU TANGZHI
                              DIRECTOR                                             DIRECTOR




80   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
                                          Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
                                                                                                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                                                                                                       Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                                                                                                                                          Attributable to
                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the Company                                                           non-controlling interests

                                                                                      Shares held
                                                                   Share     Share      for share                                                                              Share award     Share of
                                            Share       Share     option    award          award       FVTOCI        Surplus        Capital    Exchange Accumulated      Sub- reserve of net assets of            Sub-
                                           capital   premium     reserve   reserve        scheme       reserve      account        reserves      reserve     profits     total a subsidiary subsidiaries          total     Total
                                                                                                                   (Note (a))     (Note (b))
Balance at 1 January 2019                     308       3,292        67        10             (98)         565            40          1,616        (102)       9,772    15,470          35         1,850          1,885    17,355

Profit for the year                             –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –         747       747            –           284           284      1,031
Fair value loss on equity
   instruments at FVTOCI, net of tax            –           –          –         –              –         (120)               –           –           –            –      (120)          –              –             –      (120)
Exchange differences arising
   on translation of foreign operations         –           –          –         –              –           (3)               –           –          18            –       15            –              9             9       24
Total comprehensive (expense)
   income for the year                          –           –          –         –              –         (123)               –           –          18         747       642            –           293           293       935
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payments (note 48)               –           –        28        10               –            –                –           –           –            –       38           10              –           10        48
Transfer to capital reserve                     –           –         –         –               –            –                –         137           –         (137)       –            –              –            –         –
Shares vested under the share
   award schemes of the Company and
   a subsidiary of the Company                  –           –          –       (10)           15             –                –           –           –           (5)        –         (17)           64            47        47
Dividends recognised as distribution
   (note 14)                                    –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –         (160)     (160)          –              –             –      (160)
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   interests                                    –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –            –         –           –            (63)          (63)      (63)
Deemed acquisition of additional
   interest in a listed subsidiary              –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –            –         –           –             (7)           (7)       (7)
Acquisition of additional interest in
   subsidiaries (Note (c))                      –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –            2         2           –            (14)          (14)      (12)
Balance at 31 December 2019                   308       3,292        95        10             (83)         442            40          1,753         (84)      10,219    15,992          28         2,123          2,151    18,143
Profit for the year                             –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –        1,440     1,440           –           395           395      1,835
Fair value loss on receivables and
   equity instruments at FVTOCI,
   net of tax                                   –           –          –         –              –         (272)               –           –           –            –      (272)          –             (3)           (3)     (275)
Cumulative loss reclassified to profit
   or loss upon disposal of trade
   receivables at FVTOCI                        –           –          –         –              –           17                –           –           –            –       17            –              –             –       17
Exchange differences arising on
   translation of foreign operations            –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –          40            –       40            –              5             5       45
Total comprehensive (expense) income
   for the year                                 –           –          –         –              –         (255)               –           –          40        1,440     1,225           –           397           397      1,622
Recognition of equity-settled share-
   based payments (note 48)                     –           –        13        40               –            –                –           –           –            –       53            3              –             3       56
Lapse of share option                           –           –        (1)        –               –            –                –           –           –            1        –            –              –             –        –
Transfer to capital reserve                     –           –         –         –               –            –                –         147           –         (147)       –            –              –             –        –
Shares vested under the share
   award schemes of the Company and
   a subsidiary of the Company                  –           –          –       (50)           83             –                –           –           –          (33)        –         (31)           80            49        49
Dividends paid to non-controlling
   interests                                    –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –            –         –           –            (96)          (96)      (96)
Contributions from non-controlling
   interests                                    –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –            –         –           –            11            11        11
Return of capital to a non-controlling
   interest                                     –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –            –         –           –             (7)           (7)       (7)
Acquisition of additional interests in
   subsidiaries (Note (d))                      –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –            –         –           –           (18)          (18)      (18)
Acquisition of a subsidiary                     –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –            –         –           –           126           126       126
Conversion of convertible bond issued
   by a subsidiary (note 43)                    –           –          –         –              –            –                –           –           –          29        29            –            43            43        72
Transfer of equity instrument at FVTOCI
   from a non-wholly owned subsidiary
   to a wholly-owned subsidiary                 –           –          –         –              –          (22)               –           –           –            –       (22)          –            22            22          –
Repurchase of shares (note 45)                (35)       (932)         –         –              –            –                –           –           –            –      (967)          –             –             –       (967)
Balance at 31 December 2020                   273       2,360       107          –              –          165            40          1,900         (44)      11,509    16,310           –         2,681          2,681    18,991




                                                                                                                                               Annual Report 2020                  Skyworth Group Limited                            81
     Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
     For the year ended 31 December 2020

     Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



     Notes:


     (a)      Surplus account represents the difference between the nominal amount of the share capital issued by the Company and
              the aggregate of the nominal amount of the issued share capital and other reserves accounts of Skyworth Investment
              (Holdings) Limited, a subsidiary which was acquired by the Company pursuant to the group reorganisation carried out in
              2000.


     (b)      Capital reserves represent the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) statutory reserves. Pursuant to the relevant PRC
              regulations and the relevant Articles of Association of the PRC subsidiaries of the Company, each PRC subsidiary is
              required to transfer not less than 10% of its post-tax profit to statutory reserve (i.e. capital reserve) as reserve fund until
              its statutory reserve has reached 50% of its registered capital. These reserves should only be used for making up losses,
              capitalisation into capital, and expansion of production and operation.


     (c)      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group acquired 2.5% equity interest in Skyworth Electronic Appliance
              Limited from a non-controlling shareholder for a consideration of RMB6 million. The difference between the
              consideration and the net assets attributable to the interest acquired from the non-controlling shareholder is credited to
              accumulated profits.


              During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group acquired 5.0% equity interest in 創維集團智能裝備有限公司
              from a non-controlling shareholder for a consideration of RMB6 million. The difference between the consideration and
              the net assets attributable to the interest acquired from the non-controlling shareholder is credited to accumulated
              profits.


     (d)      During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group acquired 49% equity interest in 北京創維海通數字技術有限公司
              from a non-controlling shareholder for a consideration of RMB15 million.


              During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group acquired 0.2% equity interest in 深圳市酷開網絡科技有限公司
              from a non-controlling shareholder for a consideration of RMB3 million.




82   Skyworth Group Limited          Annual Report 2020
                                  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                             Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                     NOTES                  2020              2019
OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before taxation                                                                     2,180              1,553
Adjustments for:
  Amortisation of intangible assets                                                            2                 1
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                         95               136
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                              476               511
  Depreciation of investment properties                                                       71                 –
  Dividend income                                                                            (29)              (15)
  Finance costs                                                                              440               484
  (Gain) loss from changes in fair value of derivative financial
     instruments                                                                            (144)               137
  Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                                          –                 (3)
  Government grants related to assets recognised                                            (145)              (141)
  Impairment loss recognised in respect of financial assets                                  179                223
  Interest income                                                                           (305)              (308)
  Gain from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                              (345)              (387)
  Loss on disposal of financial assets at amortised costs                                     32                 31
  Gain on disposal of subsidiaries                                                          (724)                 –
  Loss on disposal of interests in associates                                                 17                  –
  Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                           74                  6
  Provision for warranty                                                                     272                216
  Share-based payment expenses                                                                56                 48
  Share of results of associates                                                             (15)               (21)
  Share of results of joint ventures                                                           –                 (5)
  Write-down of inventories                                                                   64                163
Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                                   2,251              2,629
Cash (paid) received on settlement of derivative financial
   instruments                                                                                (1)                 1
(Increase) decrease in inventories                                                          (814)             1,213
Increase in stock of properties                                                             (874)            (3,305)
Decrease in trade and bills receivables                                                      926              2,035
Increase in trade receivables at FVTOCI                                                     (407)                 –
(Increase) decrease in other receivables, deposits and prepayments                          (515)               433
(Increase) decrease in loan receivables                                                      (97)               397
Increase (decrease) in trade and bills payables                                            1,772             (2,830)
Increase in other payables                                                                   418                323
Increase in contract liabilities                                                           1,120                508
Decrease in provision for warranty                                                          (239)              (167)
Decrease in deferred income                                                                  (18)               (70)
Cash generated from operations                                                             3,522              1,167
Interest received                                                                             30                 67
Hong Kong income tax paid                                                                     (4)                (1)
Overseas income tax paid                                                                      (1)               (16)
PRC income tax paid                                                                         (391)              (300)
Land appreciation tax paid                                                                   (19)               (19)
NET CASH FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                                         3,137               898




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited      83
     Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     For the year ended 31 December 2020

     Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                                       NOTES       2020      2019
      INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Dividend received                                                               32        18
      Interest received                                                              275       258
      Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                   (1,331)   (1,013)
      Deposit paid for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                 (132)        –
      Proceeds on disposal of property, plant and equipment                          121        46
      Addition to right-of-use assets                                               (198)      (56)
      Purchase of intangible assets                                                   (1)        –
      Investment in an associate                                                     (35)      (96)
      Proceeds on disposal of associates                                              29         –
      Proceeds on disposal of a joint venture                                          2         8
      Investments in financial assets at FVTPL                                      (799)     (306)
      Proceeds on disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                              707       138
      Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI                                     (3)     (170)
      Proceeds on disposal of equity instruments at FVTOCI                             6         –
      Investments in debt securities                                                 (20)      (86)
      Proceeds on redemption of investments in
         debt securities upon maturity                                               103       153
      Repayments of (advance to) finance lease receivable                              9        (5)
      Loan advanced                                                                 (723)   (1,495)
      Repayments of loan receivables                                               1,156     1,705
      Advances to staffs                                                             (12)      (10)
      Repayments from staffs                                                          10        14
      Government grants received related to assets                                    30       141
      Placement of pledged bank deposits                                          (1,309)     (885)
      Withdrawal of pledged bank deposits                                            885       123
      Placement of restricted bank deposits                                         (318)     (411)
      Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                                         411       335
      Net cash inflow from acquisition of a subsidiary                                 7        14
      Net cash inflow from disposal of subsidiaries                   49(b & c)      853         –
      NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                        (245)    (1,580)




84   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
                                                                           For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                       Amounts expressed in millions of Renminbi



                                                               NOTES                  2020              2019
FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Dividends paid                                                                         (96)              (273)
Interest paid                                                                         (375)              (431)
Repurchases of shares by the Company                            45                    (967)                 –
Return of capital to non-controlling interests                                          (7)                 –
Contributions from non-controlling interests                                            11                  –
Repurchase of its own shares by a listed subsidiary                                      –                 (7)
Consideration paid in acquisition of additional interests in
   subsidiaries                                                                        (18)               (12)
New convertible bonds raised, net of transaction costs                                   –              1,031
New other financial liability                                                            –                 98
New borrowings raised                                                               18,361             13,676
Repayments of borrowings                                                           (15,151)           (11,918)
Payments of lease liabilities                                                          (79)               (55)
New corporate bond raised, net of transaction costs             44                     797                  –
Repayment of corporate bonds                                                        (1,913)                 –
NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                                     563              2,109
NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                            3,455              1,427

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                                   4,806              3,314

Bank balances and cash transferred to assets held for sale                             (74)                 –

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                 27                 65
CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF THE YEAR,
 represented by bank balances and cash                                               8,214              4,806




                                                                Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited      85
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2020




     1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
           Skyworth Group Limited (the “Company”) is an exempted company incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability
           and its shares are listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). The addresses
           of the registered office and the principal place of business of the Company are disclosed in the corporate
           information section of the annual report.

           The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional currency of
           the Company and most of its subsidiaries.

           The Group, comprising the Company and its subsidiaries, is principally engaged in the manufacture and sales
           of smart TV system, home access systems, smart white appliances, internet value-added services, property
           development, property holding, modern services and trading of other products. Details of the principal activities
           of the principal subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures are set out in notes 60, 21 and 22 respectively.

     2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” )
          Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year

          In the current year, the Group has applied the Amendments to References to the Conceptual Framework in
          HKFRS standards and the following amendments to HKFRSs issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
          Accountants (“HKICPA”) for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or
          after 1 January 2020 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:

           Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                      Definition of Material
           Amendments to HKFRS 3                                Definition of a Business
           Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7           Interest Rate Benchmark Reform

          Except as described below, the application of the Amendments to Reference to Conceptual Framework in HKFRS
          standards and amendments to HKFRSs in the current year had no material impact on the Group’s financial
          positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the disclosures set out in these consolidated
          financial statements.




86   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” ) (Continued)
     Amendments to HKFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
     (Continued)

     Impacts on application of Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 Definition of Material
     The Group has applied the Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 for the first time in the current year. The
     amendments provide a new definition of material that states “information is material if omitting, misstating
     or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose
     financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements, which provide financial information about
     a specific reporting entity.” The amendments also clarify that materiality depends on the nature or magnitude
     of information, either individually or in combination with other information, in the context of the financial
     statements taken as a whole.

     The application of the amendments in the current year had no impact on the consolidated financial statements.

     Impacts on application of Amendments to HKFRS 3 Definition of a Business
     The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments clarify that while
     businesses usually have outputs, outputs are not required for an integrated set of activities and assets to qualify
     as a business. To be considered a business, an acquired set of activities and assets must include, at a minimum, an
     input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

     The amendments remove the assessment of whether market participants are capable of replacing any missing
     inputs or processes and continuing to produce outputs. The amendments also introduce additional guidance that
     helps to determine whether a substantive process has been acquired.

     In addition, the amendments introduce an optional concentration test that permits a simplified assessment of
     whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. Under the optional concentration test, the
     acquired set of activities and assets is not a business if substantially all of the fair value of the gross assets
     acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar assets. The gross assets under assessment
     exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting from the effects of deferred
     tax liabilities. The election on whether to apply the optional concentration test is available on transaction-by-
     transaction basis.

     The application of the amendments had no impact on the consolidated financial statements in the current year as
     similar conclusion would have been reached without applying the optional concentration test.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       87
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2020




     2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” ) (Continued)
          New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective

           The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to HKFRSs that have been issued but are not
           yet effective:

           HKFRS 17                             Insurance Contracts and the related Amendments1
           Amendment to HKFRS 16                COVID-19-Related Rent Concessions4
           Amendments to HKFRS 3                Reference to the Conceptual Framework2
           Amendments to HKFRS 9,               Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase 25
             HKAS 39, HKFRS 7,
             HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
           Amendments to HKFRS 10               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
             and HKAS 28                          its Associate or Joint Venture3
           Amendments to HKAS 1                 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and
                                                  related amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)1
           Amendments to HKAS 16                Property, Plant and Equipment – Proceeds before Intended Use2
           Amendments to HKAS 37                Onerous Contracts – Cost of Fulfilling a Contract2
           Amendments to HKFRSs                 Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 – 20202

          1
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.
          2
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2022.
          3
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
          4
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 June 2020.
          5
                Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2021.

           Except for the new and amendments to HKFRSs mentioned below, the directors of the Company anticipate that
           the application of all other new and amendments to HKFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated
           financial statements in the foreseeable future.

           Amendments to HKFRS 3 Reference to the Conceptual Framework
           The amendments:

           •    update a reference in HKFRS 3 Business Combinations (“HKFRS 3”) so that it refers to the Conceptual
                Framework for Financial Reporting 2018 issued in June 2018 (the “Conceptual Framework”) instead of
                Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial Statements (replaced by the Conceptual
                Framework for Financial Reporting 2010 issued in October 2010);

           •    add a requirement that, for transactions and other events within the scope of HKAS 37 Provisions,
                Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets (“HKAS 37”) or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 Levies , an acquirer applies
                HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 instead of the Conceptual Framework to identify the liabilities it has assumed
                in a business combination; and

           •    add an explicit statement that an acquirer does not recognise contingent assets acquired in a business
                combination.

           The application of the amendments is not expected to have significant impact on the financial position and
           performance of the Group.




88   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




2.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
     REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” ) (Continued)
     New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)

     Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark
     Reform – Phase 2
     Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 Interest Rate Benchmark Reform – Phase
     2 relate to the modification of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities, specific hedge accounting
     requirements and disclosure requirements applying HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures to accompany the
     amendments regarding modifications and hedge accounting.

     •     Modification of financial assets, financial liabilities and lease liabilities: A practical expedient is introduced
           for modifications required by the reform (modifications required as a direct consequence of the interest rate
           benchmark reform and made on an economically equivalent basis). These modifications are accounted for
           by updating the effective interest rate. All other modifications are accounted for using the current HKFRSs
           requirements. A similar practical expedient is proposed for lessee accounting applying HKFRS 16 Leases
           (“HKFRS 16”);

     •     Hedge accounting requirements: Under the amendments, hedge accounting is not discontinued solely
           because of the interest rate benchmark reform. Hedging relationships (and related documentation) are
           required to be amended to reflect modifications to the hedged item, hedging instrument and hedged risk.
           Amended hedging relationships should meet all qualifying criteria to apply hedge accounting, including
           effectiveness requirements; and

     •     Disclosures: The amendments require disclosures in order to allow users to understand the nature and
           extent of risks arising from the interest rate benchmark reform to which the Company is exposed to and
           how the entity manages those risks as well as the entity’s progress in transitioning from interbank offered
           rates to alternative benchmark rates, and how the entity is managing this transition.

     As at 31 December 2020, the Group has several bank loans with London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”)/RMB
     Loan Prime Rate (“LPR”) quoted by the People’s Bank of China (“PBOC”) which may be subject to interest rate
     benchmark reform. The Group expects no significant gains or losses should the interest rate benchmark for these
     loans change resulting from the reform on application of the amendments.




                                                                            Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited        89
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2020




     2.    APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO HONG KONG FINANCIAL
           REPORTING STANDARDS ( “ HKFRSs ” ) (Continued)
          New and amendments to HKFRSs in issue but not yet effective (Continued)

           Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and related
           amendments to Hong Kong Interpretation 5 (2020)
           The amendments provide clarification and additional guidance on the assessment of right to defer settlement for
           at least twelve months from reporting date for classification of liabilities as current or non-current, which:

           •     specify that the classification of liabilities as current or non-current should be based on rights that are in
                 existence at the end of the reporting period. Specifically, the amendments clarify that:

                 (i)    the classification should not be affected by management intentions or expectations to settle the
                        liability within 12 months; and

                 (ii)   if the right is conditional on the compliance with covenants, the right exists if the conditions are met
                        at the end of the reporting period, even if the lender does not test compliance until a later date; and

           •    clarify that if a liability has terms that could, at the option of the counterparty, result in its settlement by
                the transfer of the entity’s own equity instruments, these terms do not affect its classification as current or
                non-current only if the entity recognises the option separately as an equity instrument applying HKAS 32
                Financial Instruments: Presentation .

           In addition, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 was revised as a consequence of the Amendments to HKAS 1 to align the
           corresponding wordings with no change in conclusion.

          As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s outstanding convertible instruments include counterparty conversion
          options that do not meet equity instruments classification by applying HKAS 32 Financial Instruments:
          Presentation . The Group classified as current or non-current based on the earliest date in which the Group has
          the obligation to redeem these instruments through cash settlement. The host debt component is measured at
          amortised cost with carrying amount of RMB913 million and the derivative component (including the conversion
          options) is measured at fair value with carrying amount of RMB19 million as at 31 December 2020, both of
          which are classified as non-current as set out in note 43. Upon the application of the amendments, in addition
          to the obligation to redeem through cash settlement, the transfer of equity instruments upon the exercise of the
          conversion options that do not meet equity instruments classification also constitute settlement of the convertible
          instruments. Given that the conversion options are exercisable anytime, the host liability and the derivative
          component amounting to RMB932 million would be reclassified to current liabilities as the holders have the
          option to convert within twelve months.

           Except for as disclosed above, the application of the amendments will not result in reclassification of the Group’s
           other liabilities as at 31 December 2020.




90   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
     3.1 Basis of preparation of consolidated financial statements

         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA.
         For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated financial statements, information is considered material
         if such information is reasonably expected to influence decisions made by primary users. In addition, the
         consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing
         of Securities on the Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

         The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for certain
         financial instruments that are measured at fair values at the end of each reporting period, as explained in
         the accounting policies set out below.

         Historical cost is generally based on the fair value of the consideration given in exchange for goods and
         services.

         Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
         transaction between market participants at the measurement date, regardless of whether that price is
         directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique. In estimating the fair value of an asset
         or a liability, the Group takes into account the characteristics of the asset or liability if market participants
         would take those characteristics into account when pricing the asset or liability at the measurement
         date. Fair value for measurement and/or disclosure purposes in these consolidated financial statements
         is determined on such a basis, except for share-based payment transactions that are within the scope of
         HKFRS 2 Share-based Payment (“HKFRS 2”), leasing transactions that are accounted for in accordance with
         HKFRS 16, and measurements that have some similarities to fair value but are not fair value, such as net
         realisable value in HKAS 2 Inventories or value in use in HKAS 36 Impairment of Assets (“HKAS 36”).

         A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
         generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market
         participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

         For financial instruments which are transacted at fair value and a valuation technique that unobservable
         inputs are to be used to measure fair value in subsequent periods, the valuation technique is calibrated so
         that at initial recognition the results of the valuation technique equals the transaction price.

         In addition, for financial reporting purposes, fair value measurements are categorised into Level 1, 2 or 3
         based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements are observable and the significance
         of the inputs to the fair value measurement in its entirety, which are described as follows:

         •     Level 1 inputs are quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the
               entity can access at the measurement date;

         •     Level 2 inputs are inputs, other than quoted prices included within Level 1, that are observable for the
               asset or liability, either directly or indirectly; and

         •     Level 3 inputs are unobservable inputs for the asset or liability.

         The principal accounting policies are set out below.



                                                                         Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited        91
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2020




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies

                Basis of consolidation
                The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities
                controlled by the Company or its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:

                •     has power over the investee;

                •     is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and

                •     has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.

                Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases
                when the Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired
                or disposed of during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
                comprehensive income from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to
                control the subsidiary.

                Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income (“OCI”) are attributed to the owners of the
                Company and to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to
                the owners of the Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling
                interests having a deficit balance.

                When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
                policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.

                All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions
                between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

                Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
                represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the
                relevant subsidiaries upon liquidation.




92   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Basis of consolidation (Continued)
         Changes in the Group’s interests in existing subsidiaries
         Changes in the Group’s interests in subsidiaries that do not result in the Group losing control over the
         subsidiaries are accounted for as equity transactions. The carrying amounts of the Group’s relevant
         components of equity and the non-controlling interests are adjusted to reflect the changes in their relative
         interests in the subsidiaries, including re-attribution of relevant reserves between the Group and the non-
         controlling interests according to the Group’s and the non-controlling interests’ proportionate interests.

         Any difference between the amount by which the non-controlling interests are adjusted, and the fair
         value of the consideration paid or received is recognised directly in equity and attributed to owners of the
         Company.

         When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, the assets and liabilities of that subsidiary and non-controlling
         interests (if any) are derecognised. A gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss and is calculated as the
         difference between (i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration received and the fair value of
         any retained interest and (ii) the carrying amount of the assets (including goodwill), and liabilities of the
         subsidiary attributable to the owners of the Company. All amounts previously recognised in OCI in relation
         to that subsidiary are accounted for as if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities
         of the subsidiary (i.e. reclassified to profit or loss or transferred to another category of equity as specified/
         permitted by applicable HKFRSs). The fair value of any investment retained in the former subsidiary at the
         date when control is lost is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition for subsequent accounting under
         HKFRS 9 or, when applicable, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or a joint
         venture.

         Business combination or asset acquisition
         Optional concentration test
         Effective from 1 January 2020, the Group can elect to apply an optional concentration test, on a
         transaction-by-transaction basis, that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of
         activities and assets is not a business. The concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the
         gross assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets. The
         gross assets under assessment exclude cash and cash equivalents, deferred tax assets, and goodwill resulting
         from the effects of deferred tax liabilities. If the concentration test is met, the set of activities and assets is
         determined not to be a business and no further assessment is needed.




                                                                           Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited        93
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2020




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Business combination or asset acquisition (Continued)
                Asset acquisitions
                When the Group acquires a group of assets and liabilities that do not constitute a business, the Group
                identifies and recognises the individual identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed by allocating the
                purchase price first to financial assets/financial liabilities at the respective fair values, the remaining balance
                of the purchase price is then allocated to the other identifiable assets and liabilities on the basis of their
                relative fair values at the date of purchase. Such a transaction does not give rise to goodwill or bargain
                purchase gain.

                Business combinations
                Acquisitions of businesses are accounted for using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred in
                a business combination is measured at fair value, which is calculated as the sum of the acquisition-date fair
                values of the assets transferred by the Group, liabilities incurred by the Group to the former owners of the
                acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. Acquisition-
                related costs are generally recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

                Except for certain recognition exemptions, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed must meet
                the definitions of an asset and a liability in the Framework for the Preparation and Presentation of Financial
                Statements (replaced by the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting issued in October 2010).

                At the acquisition date, the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed are recognised at their
                fair value, except that:

                •     deferred tax assets or liabilities, and assets or liabilities related to employee benefit arrangements
                      are recognised and measured in accordance with HKAS 12 Income Taxes (“HKAS 12”) and HKAS 19
                      Employee Benefits respectively;

                •     liabilities or equity instruments related to share-based payment arrangements of the acquiree or
                      share-based payment arrangements of the Group entered into to replace share-based payment
                      arrangements of the acquiree are measured in accordance with HKFRS 2 at the acquisition date (see
                      the accounting policy below);

                •     assets (or disposal groups) that are classified as held for sale in accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current
                      Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations are measured in accordance with that standard; and

                •     lease liabilities are recognised and measured at the present value of the remaining lease payments
                      (as defined in HKFRS 16) as if the acquired leases were new leases at the acquisition date, except
                      for leases for which (a) the lease term ends within 12 months of the acquisition date; or (b) the
                      underlying asset is of low value. Right-of-use assets are recognised and measured at the same amount
                      as the relevant lease liabilities, adjusted to reflect favourable or unfavourable terms of the lease when
                      compared with market terms.




94   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Business combination or asset acquisition (Continued)
         Business combinations (Continued)
         Goodwill is measured as the excess of the sum of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-
         controlling interests in the acquiree, and the fair value of the acquirer’s previously held equity interest in
         the acquiree (if any) over the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as
         at acquisition date. If, after re-assessment, the net amount of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
         assumed exceeds the sum of the consideration transferred, the excess is recognised immediately in profit or
         loss as a bargain purchase gain.

         Non-controlling interests that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a proportionate
         share of the relevant subsidiary’s net assets in the event of liquidation are initially measured at the non-
         controlling interests’ proportionate share of the recognised amounts of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets
         or at fair value.

         Goodwill
         Goodwill arising on an acquisition of a business is carried at cost as established at the date of acquisition of
         the business (see the accounting policy above) less accumulated impairment losses, if any.

         For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill is allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
         (or groups of cash-generating units) that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination,
         which represent the lowest level at which the goodwill is monitored for internal management purposes and
         not larger than an operating segment.

         A cash-generating unit (or group of cash-generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested
         for impairment annually or more frequently when there is indication that the unit may be impaired. For
         goodwill arising on an acquisition in a reporting period, the cash-generating unit (or group of cash-
         generating units) to which goodwill has been allocated is tested for impairment before the end of that
         reporting period. If the recoverable amount is less than its carrying amount, the impairment loss is allocated
         first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based
         on the carrying amount of each asset in the unit (or group of cash-generating units).

         On disposal of the relevant cash-generating unit or any of the cash-generating unit within the group of
         cash-generating units, the attributable amount of goodwill is included in the determination of the amount
         of profit or loss on disposal. When the Group disposes of an operation within the cash-generating unit
         (or a cash-generating unit within a group of cash-generating units), the amount of goodwill disposed of is
         measured on the basis of the relative values of the operation (or the cash-generating unit) disposed of and
         the portion of the cash-generating unit (or the group of cash-generating units) retained.

         The Group’s policy for goodwill arising on the acquisition of an associate and a joint venture is described
         below.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       95
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2020




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Goodwill (Continued)
                Interests in associates and joint ventures
                An associate is an entity over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power
                to participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee but is not control or joint
                control over those policies.

                A joint venture is a joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
                have rights to the net assets of the joint arrangement. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of
                control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require unanimous
                consent of the parties sharing control.

                The results and assets and liabilities of associates and joint ventures are incorporated in these consolidated
                financial statements using the equity method of accounting. The financial statements of associates and joint
                ventures used for equity accounting purposes are prepared using uniform accounting policies as those of
                the Group for like transactions and events in similar circumstances. Under the equity method, an investment
                in an associate or a joint venture is initially recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position at
                cost and adjusted thereafter to recognise the Group’s share of the profit or loss and OCI of the associate
                or joint venture. Changes in net assets of the associate/joint venture other than profit or loss and OCI are
                not accounted for unless such changes resulted in changes in ownership interest held by the Group. When
                the Group’s share of losses of an associate or joint venture exceeds the Group’s interest in that associate
                or joint venture (which includes any long-term interests that, in substance, form part of the Group’s
                net investment in the associate or joint venture), the Group discontinues recognising its share of further
                losses. Additional losses are recognised only to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
                obligations or made payments on behalf of the associate or joint venture.

                An investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method from the date on
                which the investee becomes an associate or a joint venture. On acquisition of the investment in an associate
                or a joint venture, any excess of the cost of the investment over the Group’s share of the net fair value of
                the identifiable assets and liabilities of the investee is recognised as goodwill, which is included within the
                carrying amount of the investment. Any excess of the Group’s share of the net fair value of the identifiable
                assets and liabilities over the cost of the investment, after reassessment, is recognised immediately in profit
                or loss in the period in which the investment is acquired.

                The Group assesses whether there is an objective evidence that the interest in an associate or a joint
                venture may be impaired. When any objective evidence exists, the entire carrying amount of the investment
                (including goodwill) is tested for impairment in accordance with HKAS 36 as a single asset by comparing its
                recoverable amount (higher of value in use and fair value less costs of disposal) with its carrying amount.
                Any impairment loss recognised is not allocated to any asset, including goodwill, that forms part of the
                carrying amount of the investment. Any reversal of that impairment loss is recognised in accordance with
                HKAS 36 to the extent that the recoverable amount of the investment subsequently increases.




96   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Goodwill (Continued)
         Interests in associates and joint ventures (Continued)
         When the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint venture,
         it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in the investee with a resulting gain or loss being
         recognised in profit or loss.

         When the Group reduces its ownership interest in an associate or a joint venture but the Group continues
         to use the equity method, the Group reclassifies to profit or loss the proportion of the gain or loss that had
         previously been recognised in other comprehensive income relating to that reduction in ownership interest if
         that gain or loss would be reclassified to profit or loss on the disposal of the related assets or liabilities.

         When a group entity transacts with an associate or a joint venture of the Group, profits and losses resulting
         from the transactions with the associate or joint venture are recognised in the Group’s consolidated
         financial statements only to the extent of interests in the associate or joint venture that are not related to
         the Group.

         Non-current assets held for sale
         Non-current assets (and disposal group) are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be
         recovered principally through a sale transaction rather than through continuing use. This condition is
         regarded as met only when the asset (or disposal group) is available for immediate sale in its present
         condition subject only to terms that are usual and customary for sales of such asset (or disposal group) and
         its sale is highly probable. Management must be committed to the sale, which should be expected to qualify
         for recognition as a completed sale within one year from the date of classification.

         When the Group is committed to a sale plan involving loss of control of a subsidiary, all of the assets
         and liabilities of that subsidiary are classified as held for sale when the criteria described above are met,
         regardless of whether the Group will retain a non-controlling interest in the relevant subsidiary after the
         sale.

         Non-current assets (and disposal group) classified as held for sale are measured at the lower of their
         previous carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, except for financial assets within the scope of
         HKFRS 9, which continue to be measured in accordance with the accounting policies as set out in respective
         sections.

         Revenue from contracts with customers
         The Group recognises revenue when (or as) a performance obligation is satisfied, i.e. when “control” of the
         goods or services underlying the particular performance obligation is transferred to the customer.

         A performance obligation represents a good or service (or a bundle of goods or services) that is distinct or a
         series of distinct goods or services that are substantially the same.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       97
     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
     For the year ended 31 December 2020




     3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
           SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
          3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
                Control is transferred over time and revenue is recognised over time by reference to the progress towards
                complete satisfaction of the relevant performance obligation if one of the following criteria is met:

                •     the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s
                      performance as the Group performs;

                •     the Group’s performance creates or enhances an asset that the customer controls as the Group
                      performs; or

                •     the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and the
                      Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date.

                Otherwise, revenue is recognised at a point in time when the customer obtains control of the distinct good
                or service.

                A contract liability represents the Group’s obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which
                the Group has received consideration (or an amount of consideration is due) from the customer.

                Variable consideration
                For contracts that contain variable consideration (i.e. sales rebate), the Group estimates the amount of
                consideration to which it will be entitled using either (a) the expected value method or (b) the most likely
                amount, depending on which method better predicts the amount of consideration to which the Group will
                be entitled.

                The estimated amount of variable consideration is included in the transaction price only to the extent that it
                is highly probable that such an inclusion will not result in a significant revenue reversal in the future when
                the uncertainty associated with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

                At the end of each reporting period, the Group updates the estimated transaction price (including updating
                its assessment of whether an estimate of variable consideration is constrained) to represent faithfully the
                circumstances present at the end of the reporting period and the changes in circumstances during the
                reporting period.




98   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)
         Principal versus agent
         When another party is involved in providing goods or services to a customer, the Group determines whether
         the nature of its promise is a performance obligation to provide the specified goods or services itself (i.e.
         the Group is a principal) or to arrange for those goods or services to be provided by the other party (i.e. the
         Group is an agent).

         The Group is a principal if it controls the specified good or service before that good or service is transferred
         to a customer.

         The Group is an agent if its performance obligation is to arrange for the provision of the specified good or
         service by another party. In this case, the Group does not control the specified good or service provided by
         another party before that good or service is transferred to the customer. When the Group acts as an agent,
         it recognises revenue in the amount of any fee or commission to which it expects to be entitled in exchange
         for arranging for the specified goods or services to be provided by the other party.

         Refund liabilities
         The Group recognises a refund liability if the Group expects to refund some or all of the consideration
         received from customers.

         Sale with a right of return/exchange
         For a sale of products with a right of return/exchange for defective products, the Group recognises all of the
         following:

         (a)    revenue for the transferred products in the amount of consideration to which the Group expects to
                be entitled (therefore, revenue would not be recognised for the products expected to be returned/
                exchanged);

         (b)    a refund liability/contract liability; and

         (c)    an asset (and corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) for its right to recover products from
                customers and are presented as right to returned goods asset.

         Leases
         Definition of a lease
         A contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
         for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

         For contracts entered into or modified on or after the date of initial application or arising from business
         combinations, the Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under
         HKFRS 16 at inception or modification date. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and
         conditions of the contract are subsequently changed.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       99
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Leases (Continued)
                 The Group as a lessee
                 Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
                 For a contract that contains a lease component and one or more additional lease or non-lease components,
                 the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of the
                 relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease
                 components, including contract for acquisition of ownership interests of a property which includes both
                 leasehold land and non-lease building components, unless such allocation cannot be made reliably.

                 The Group also applies practical expedient not to separate non-lease components from lease component,
                 and instead account for the lease component and any associated non-lease components as a single lease
                 component.


                 Short-term leases
                 The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to leases of properties that have a lease term
                 of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not contain a purchase option. Lease payments
                 on short-term leases are recognised as expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

                 Right-of-use assets
                 The cost of right-of-use asset includes:

                 •     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;

                 •     any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;

                 •     any initial direct costs incurred by the Group; and

                 •     an estimate of costs to be incurred by the Group in dismantling and removing the underlying assets,
                       restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
                       the terms and conditions of the lease, unless those costs are incurred to produce inventories, stock of
                       properties and construction in progress.

                 Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and
                 adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.

                 Right-of-use assets in which the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the underlying leased
                 assets at the end of the lease term are depreciated from commencement date to the end of the useful life.
                 Otherwise, right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of their estimated
                 useful life and the lease terms.

                 The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
                 position.




100   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Leases (Continued)
         The Group as a lessee (Continued)
         Refundable rental deposits
         Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
         Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included in
         the cost of right-of-use assets.

         Lease liabilities
         At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognises and measures the lease liability at the present
         value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
         Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in
         the lease is not readily determinable.

         The lease payments include:

         •     fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable;

         •     variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate;

         •     amounts expected to be payable under residual value guarantees;

         •     the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group; and

         •     payments of penalties for terminating a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
               option to terminate.

         After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.

         The Group remeasures lease liabilities (and makes a corresponding adjustment to the related right-of-
         use assets) whenever the lease term has changed in which case the related lease liability is remeasured by
         discounting the revised lease payments using a revised discount rate at the date of reassessment.

         The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial
         position.




                                                                       Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited       101
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Leases (Continued)
                 Lease modifications
                 The Group accounts for a lease modification as a separate lease if:

                 •     the modification increases the scope of the lease by adding the right to use one or more underlying
                       assets; and

                 •     the consideration for the leases increases by an amount commensurate with the stand-alone price
                       for the increase in scope and any appropriate adjustments to that stand-alone price to reflect the
                       circumstances of the particular contract.

                 For a lease modification that is not accounted for as a separate lease, the Group remeasures the lease
                 liability based on the lease term of the modified lease by discounting the revised lease payments using a
                 revised discount rate at the effective date of the modification.

                 The Group accounts for the remeasurement of lease liabilities by making corresponding adjustments to
                 the relevant right-of-use asset. When the modified contract contains a lease component and one or more
                 additional lease or non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the modified contract
                 to each lease component on the basis of the relative stand-alone price of the lease component and the
                 aggregate stand-alone price of the non-lease components.

                 The Group as a lessor
                 Classification and measurement of leases
                 Leases for which the Group is a lessor are classified as finance or operating leases. Whenever the terms of
                 the lease transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an underlying asset to
                 the lessee, the contract is classified as a finance lease. All other leases are classified as operating leases.

                 Amounts due from lessees under finance leases are recognised as receivables at commencement date at
                 amounts equal to net investments in the leases, measured using the interest rate implicit in the respective
                 leases. Initial direct costs (other than those incurred by manufacturer or dealer lessors) are included in the
                 initial measurement of the net investments in the leases. Interest income is allocated to accounting periods
                 so as to reflect a constant periodic rate of return on the Group’s net investment outstanding in respect of
                 the leases.

                 Rental income from operating leases is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis over the term of
                 the relevant lease. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added
                 to the carrying amount of the leased asset, and such costs are recognised as an expense on a straight-line
                 basis over the lease term.

                 Interest and rental income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are presented as
                 revenue.




102   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Leases (Continued)
         The Group as a lessor (Continued)
         Allocation of consideration to components of a contract
         When a contract includes both lease and non-lease components, the Group applies HKFRS 15 Revenue
         from Contracts with Customers (“HKFRS 15”) to allocate consideration in a contract to lease and non-
         lease components. Non-lease components are separated from lease component on the basis of their relative
         stand-alone selling prices.

         Refundable rental deposits
         Refundable rental deposits received are accounted for under HKFRS 9 and initially measured at fair value.
         Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments from lessees.

         Sublease
         When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for the head lease and the sublease as two separate
         contracts. The sublease is classified as a finance or operating lease by reference to the right-of-use asset
         arising from the head lease, not with reference to the underlying asset.

         Lease modification
         Changes in considerations of lease contracts that were not part of the original terms and conditions are
         accounted for as lease modifications, including lease incentives provided through forgiveness or reduction
         of rentals.

         The Group accounts for a modification to an operating lease as a new lease from the effective date of the
         modification, considering any prepaid or accrued lease payments relating to the original lease as part of the
         lease payments for the new lease.

         Sale and leaseback transactions
         The Group applies the requirements of HKFRS 15 to assess whether sale and leaseback transaction
         constitutes a sale by the Group.

         The Group as a buyer-lessor
         For a transfer of asset that does not satisfy the requirements of HKFRS 15 to be accounted for as a sale of
         asset, the Group as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and recognises a loan receivable
         equal to the transfer proceeds within the scope of HKFRS 9.

         For sale and leaseback transactions which are in substance a financing arrangement under HKFRS 9, the
         Group as a buyer-lessor does not recognise the transferred asset and recognises a finance lease receivable
         equal to the net investment in the lease.




                                                                       Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      103
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Foreign currencies
                 In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than
                 the functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognised at the rates of exchanges prevailing
                 on the dates of the transactions. At the end of the reporting period, monetary items denominated in
                 foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items carried at fair
                 value that are denominated in foreign currencies are retranslated at the rates prevailing on the date when
                 the fair value was determined. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign
                 currency are not retranslated.

                 Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary
                 items, are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

                 For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the
                 Group’s operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group (i.e. RMB), using exchange
                 rates prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Income and expenses items are translated at the
                 average exchange rates for the period, unless exchange rates fluctuate significantly during the period,
                 in which case, the exchange rates prevailing at the dates of transactions are used. Exchange differences
                 arising, if any, are recognised in OCI and accumulated in equity under the heading of the exchange reserve.

                 Goodwill and fair value adjustments on identifiable assets acquired arising on an acquisition of a foreign
                 operation are treated as assets and liabilities of that foreign operation and translated at the rate of
                 exchange prevailing at the end of each reporting period. Exchange differences arising are recognised in OCI.

                 Borrowing costs
                 Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets,
                 which are assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale,
                 are added to the cost of those assets until such time as the assets are substantially ready for their intended
                 use or sale.

                 Any specific borrowing that remain outstanding after the related asset is ready for its intended use or
                 sale is included in the general borrowing pool for calculation of capitalisation rate on general borrowings.
                 Investment income earned on the temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure
                 on qualifying assets is deducted from the borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation.

                 All other borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they are incurred.




104   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Government grants
         Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with
         the conditions attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

         Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which
         the Group recognises as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate.
         Specifically, government grants whose primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or
         otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as deferred income in the consolidated statement of
         financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and rational basis over the useful life of
         the related assets.

         Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already
         incurred or for the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs
         are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented
         under “other income”.

         The benefit of a government loan at a below-market rate of interest is treated as a government grant,
         measured as the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan based on prevailing
         market interest rates.

         Retirement benefit costs
         Payments to defined contribution retirement benefit plans, including state-managed retirement benefit
         schemes, the Occupational Retirement Scheme and the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme, are recognised
         as an expense when employees have rendered service entitling them to the contributions.

         Short-term employee benefits
         Short-term employee benefits are recognised at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be
         paid as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognised as an
         expense unless another HKFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.

         A liability is recognised for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries) after deducting any
         amount already paid.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       105
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Share-based payment arrangements
                 Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
                 Share options granted to directors and employees
                 Equity-settled share-based payments to directors and employees and others providing similar services are
                 measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at the grant date.

                 The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
                 consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period,
                 based on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase
                 in equity (share option reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the
                 number of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting
                 conditions. The impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognised in profit or loss such
                 that the cumulated expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share
                 option reserve.

                 When share options are exercised, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be
                 transferred to share premium. When the share options are forfeited after the vesting date or are still not
                 exercised at the expiry date, the amount previously recognised in share option reserve will be transferred to
                 accumulated profits.

                 Share options granted to non-employees
                 Equity-settled share-based payments transactions with parties other than employees are measured at the
                 fair value of the goods or services received, except where that fair value cannot be estimated reliably, in
                 which case they are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted, measured at the date the
                 entity obtains the goods or the counterparty renders the service. The fair values of the goods or services
                 received are recognised as expenses.

                 Share award
                 For share award schemes, the fair value of services received, determined by reference to the fair value of
                 awarded shares granted at the grant date, is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period,
                 with a corresponding increase in share award reserve. The cost of acquisition of the Company’s shares and
                 Skyworth Digital Co., Limited (“Skyworth Digital”)’s shares held for the share award scheme is recorded as
                 treasury shares (shares held for share award scheme). At the time when the awarded shares are vested, the
                 amount previously recognised in share award reserve and the amount of the relevant treasury shares will be
                 transferred to accumulated profits.

                 At the end of each reporting period, the Group revisits its estimates of the number of awarded shares that
                 are expected to ultimately vest. The impact of the revision of the estimates during the vesting period, if any,
                 is recognised in profit or loss, with a corresponding adjustment to the share award reserve.




106   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Taxation
         Income tax expense represents the sum of the tax currently payable and deferred tax.

         The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from profit before
         taxation because of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are
         never taxable or deductible. The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been
         enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

         Deferred tax is recognised on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
         in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of tax
         profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognised for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax
         assets are generally recognised for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable
         that taxable profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilised.
         Such deferred tax assets and liabilities are not recognised if the temporary difference arises from the initial
         recognition (other than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects
         neither the taxable profit nor the accounting profit. In addition, deferred tax liabilities are not recognised if
         the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition of goodwill.

         Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for taxable temporary differences associated with investments in
         subsidiaries and associates, and interests in joint ventures, except where the Group is able to control the
         reversal of the temporary difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the
         foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such
         investments and interests are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient
         taxable profits against which to utilise the benefits of the temporary differences and they are expected to
         reverse in the foreseeable future.

         The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to
         the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of
         the asset to be recovered.

         Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
         which the liability is settled or the asset is realised, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted
         or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

         The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
         the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
         amount of its assets and liabilities.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited        107
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Taxation (Continued)
                 For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-
                 of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
                 attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.

                 For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group
                 applies HKAS 12 requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. Temporary differences
                 on initial recognition of the relevant right-of-use assets and lease liabilities are not recognised due to
                 application of the initial recognition exemption. Temporary differences arising from subsequent revision
                 to the carrying amounts of right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, resulting from remeasurement of lease
                 liabilities and lease modifications, that are not subject to initial recognition exemption are recognised on the
                 date of remeasurement or modification.

                 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current
                 tax assets against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation
                 authority and the Group intends to settle its current tax assets and liabilities on a net basis.

                 Current and deferred tax are recognised in profit or loss, except when they relate to items that are
                 recognised in OCI or directly in equity, in which case, the current and deferred tax are also recognised in OCI
                 or directly in equity respectively. Where current tax or deferred tax arises from the initial accounting for a
                 business combination, the tax effect is included in the accounting for the business combination.

                 Property, plant and equipment
                 Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of
                 goods or services, or for administrative purposes (other than construction in progress as described below).
                 Property, plant and equipment are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost less
                 subsequent accumulated depreciation and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.

                 Construction in progress includes property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for
                 production, supply or administrative purposes and are carried at cost, less any recognised impairment loss.
                 Costs include professional fees and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalised in accordance with the
                 Group’s accounting policy. Construction in progress is classified to the appropriate categories of property,
                 plant and equipment when completed and ready for intended use. Depreciation of these assets, on the
                 same basis as other property assets, commences when the assets are ready for their intended use.




108   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
         When the Group makes payments for ownership interests of properties which include both leasehold land
         and building elements, the entire consideration is allocated between the leasehold land and the building
         elements in proportion to the relative fair values at initial recognition. To the extent the allocation of the
         relevant payments can be made reliably, interest in leasehold land that is accounted for as an operating
         lease is presented as “right-of-use assets” in the consolidated statement of financial position. When the
         consideration cannot be allocated reliably between non-lease building element and undivided interest in the
         underlying leasehold land, the entire properties are classified as property, plant and equipment.

         Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost of assets other than construction in progress, less their
         residual values over their estimated useful life, using the straight-line method. The estimated useful life,
         residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect
         of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.

         An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
         benefits are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal
         or retirement of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales
         proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised in profit or loss.

         If a property becomes an investment property because its use has changed as evidenced by end of owner-
         occupation, transfer from owner-occupied property to investment property does not change the carrying
         amount of the property transferred and it does not change the cost of that property for measurement or
         disclosure purposes.

         Investment properties
         Investment properties are properties held to earn rentals and/or for capital appreciation.

         Investment properties are initially measured at cost, including any directly attributable expenditure.
         Subsequent to initial recognition, investment properties are stated at cost less subsequent accumulated
         depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses. Depreciation is recognised so as to write off the cost
         of investment properties over their estimated useful life and after taking into account of their estimated
         residual value, using the straight-line method.

         An investment property is derecognised upon disposal or when the investment property is permanently
         withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. Any gain or loss
         arising on derecognition of the property (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds
         and the carrying amount of the asset) is included in the profit or loss in the period in which the property is
         derecognised.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       109
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Intangible assets
                 Intangible assets acquired separately
                 Intangible assets with finite useful life that are acquired separately are carried at cost less accumulated
                 amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortisation for intangible assets with finite useful
                 life is recognised on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life. The estimated useful life and
                 amortisation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in
                 estimate being accounted for on a prospective basis. Intangible assets with indefinite useful life that are
                 acquired separately are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

                 Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
                 Expenditure on research activities is recognised as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.

                 An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase
                 of an internal project) is recognised if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:

                 •     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

                 •     the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

                 •     the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

                 •     how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;

                 •     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and
                       to use or sell the intangible asset; and

                 •     the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                       development.

                 The amount initially recognised for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure
                 incurred from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no
                 internally-generated intangible asset can be recognised, development expenditure is charged to profit or
                 loss in the period in which it is incurred.

                 Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less
                 accumulated amortisation and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible
                 assets that are acquired separately.




110   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Intangible assets (Continued)
         Intangible assets acquired in a business combination
         Intangible assets acquired in a business combination are recognised separately from goodwill and are
         initially recognised at their fair value at the acquisition date (which is regarded as their cost).

         Subsequent to initial recognition, intangible assets acquired in a business combination with indefinite useful
         life are carried at cost less any subsequent accumulated impairment losses.

         An intangible asset is derecognised on disposal, or when no future economic benefits are expected from
         use or disposal. Gain and loss arising from derecognition of an intangible asset, measured as the difference
         between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset, are recognised in profit or loss
         when the asset is derecognised.

         Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment and investment properties, right-of-use assets
         and intangible assets other than goodwill
         At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
         equipment and investment properties, right-of-use assets and intangible assets with finite useful life to
         determine whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such
         indication exists, the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent
         of the impairment loss (if any). Intangible assets with indefinite useful life are tested for impairment at least
         annually, and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired.

         The recoverable amounts of property, plant and equipment and investment properties, right-of-use assets
         and intangible assets are estimated individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount
         individually, the Group estimates the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset
         belongs.

         In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporates assets are allocated to relevant cash generating
         units when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are
         allocated to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation
         basis can be established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of
         cash-generating units to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of
         the relevant cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       111
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Intangible assets (Continued)
                 Intangible assets acquired in a business combination (Continued)
                 Impairment losses on property, plant and equipment and investment properties, right-of-use assets
                 and intangible assets other than goodwill (Continued)
                 Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in
                 use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
                 reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-
                 generating unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.

                 If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
                 amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
                 For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and
                 consistent basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-
                 generating units, including the carrying amount of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets
                 allocated to that group of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-
                 generating units. In allocating the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the
                 carrying amount of any goodwill (if applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on
                 the carrying amount of each asset in the unit or the group of cash generating units. The carrying amount
                 of an asset is not reduced below the highest of its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value
                 in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the impairment loss that would otherwise have been
                 allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets of the unit or the group of cash generating
                 units. An impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                 Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit
                 or a group of cash generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so
                 that the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined
                 had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash
                 generating units) in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

                 Inventories
                 Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Costs of inventories are determined on a
                 weighted average method. Net realisable value represents the estimated selling price for inventories less all
                 estimated costs of completion and costs necessary to make the sale.




112   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Stock of properties
         Stock of completed properties/properties under development which are intended to be sold upon
         completion of development and for sale are classified as current assets. Except for the leasehold land
         element which is measured at cost model in accordance with the accounting policies of right-of-use
         assets, stock of completed properties/properties under development are carried at the lower of cost and
         net realisable value. Cost is determined on a specific identification basis including allocation of the related
         development expenditure incurred and where appropriate, borrowing costs capitalised. Net realisable
         value represents the estimated selling price for the properties less estimated cost to completion and costs
         necessary to make the sales.

         Properties under development are transferred to completed properties upon completion.

         Provision for warranty
         Provision for warranty is recognised when the Group has a present obligation (legal or constructive) as a
         result of a past event, it is probable that the Group will be required to settle that obligation and a reliable
         estimate can be made of the amount of obligation.

         The amount recognised as provision for warranty is the best estimate of the consideration required to settle
         the present obligation at the end of the reporting period, taking into account the risks and uncertainties
         surrounding the obligation. When a provision is measured using the cash flows estimated to settle the
         present obligation, its carrying amount is the present value of those cash flows (where the effect of the time
         value of money is material).

         Provisions for the expected cost of assurance-type warranty obligations under the relevant sale of goods are
         recognised at the date of sale of the relevant products, at the directors’ best estimate of the expenditure
         required to settle the Group’s obligation.

         Financial instruments
         Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when a group entity becomes a party to the
         contractual provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognised
         and derecognised on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial
         assets that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the
         market place.

         Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising
         from contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with HKFRS 15. Transaction costs
         that are directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than
         financial assets or financial liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial
         assets or financial liabilities, as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to
         the acquisition of financial assets or financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss are recognised
         immediately in profit or loss.




                                                                           Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited        113
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortised cost of a financial asset or financial
                 liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective
                 interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees
                 and points paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and
                 other premiums or discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where
                 appropriate, a shorter period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.

                 Interest income which are derived from the Group’s ordinary course of business are presented as revenue.

                 Financial assets
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
                 Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortised cost:

                 •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                       and

                 •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                       and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                 Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at FVTOCI:

                 •     the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both selling and
                       collecting contractual cash flows; and

                 •     the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal
                       and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

                 All other financial assets are subsequently measured at FVTPL, except that at initial recognition of a financial
                 asset the Group may irrevocably elect to present subsequent changes in fair value of an equity investment
                 in OCI if that equity investment is neither held for trading nor contingent consideration recognised by an
                 acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies.

                 A financial asset is held for trading if:

                 •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of selling in the near term; or

                 •     on initial recognition it is a part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
                       manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

                 •     it is a derivative that is not designated and effective as a hedging instrument.

                 In addition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset that is required to be measured at the
                 amortised cost or FVTOCI as measured at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or significantly reduces an accounting
                 mismatch.




114   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Financial instruments (Continued)
         Financial assets (Continued)
         Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
         (i)     Amortised cost and interest income
                 Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method for financial assets measured
                 subsequently at amortised cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate
                 to the gross carrying amount of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently
                 become credit-impaired (see below). For financial assets that have subsequently become credit-
                 impaired, interest income is recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the amortised cost
                 of the financial asset from the next reporting period. If the credit risk on the credit-impaired financial
                 instrument improves so that the financial asset is no longer credit-impaired, interest income is
                 recognised by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of the financial asset
                 from the beginning of the reporting period following the determination that the asset is no longer
                 credit-impaired.

         (ii)    Receivables classified as at FVTOCI
                 Subsequent changes in the carrying amounts for receivables classified as at FVTOCI as a result of
                 interest income calculated using the effective interest method are recognised in profit or loss. All
                 other changes in the carrying amount of these receivables are recognised in OCI and accumulated
                 under the heading of FVTOCI reserve. Impairment allowances are recognised in profit or loss with
                 corresponding adjustment to OCI without reducing the carrying amounts of these receivables. When
                 these receivables are derecognised, the cumulative gains or losses previously recognised in OCI are
                 reclassified to profit or loss.

         (iii)   Equity instruments designated as at FVTOCI
                 Investments in equity instruments at FVTOCI are subsequently measured at fair value with gains and
                 losses arising from changes in fair value recognised in OCI and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve;
                 and are not subject to impairment assessment. The cumulative gain or loss will not be reclassified to
                 profit or loss on disposal of the equity investments, and will be transferred to accumulated profits.

                 Dividends from these investments in equity instruments are recognised in profit or loss when the
                 Group’s right to receive the dividends is established, unless the dividends clearly represent a recovery
                 of part of the cost of the investment. Dividends are included in the “other income” line item in profit
                 or loss.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       115
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial assets (Continued)
                 Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets (Continued)
                 (iv)   Financial assets at FVTPL
                        Financial assets that do not meet the criteria for being measured at amortised cost or FVTOCI or
                        designated as FVTOCI are measured at FVTPL.

                        Financial assets at FVTPL are measured at fair value at the end of each reporting period, with any
                        fair value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. The net gain or loss recognised in profit or loss
                        excludes any dividend or interest earned on the financial asset and is included in the “other gains and
                        losses” line item.

                 Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under
                 HKFRS 9
                 The Group performs impairment assessment under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model on financial assets
                 (including loan receivables, investments in debt securities, trade and bills receivables, other receivables,
                 pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances) and finance lease receivables which are
                 subject to impairment assessment under HKFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to
                 reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.

                 Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of
                 the relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL
                 that is expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date.
                 Assessments are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are
                 specific to the debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at
                 the reporting date as well as the forecast of future conditions.

                 The Group always recognises lifetime ECL for trade receivables and finance lease receivables.

                 For all other instruments, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless when there has
                 been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognises lifetime
                 ECL. The assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognised is based on significant increases in the
                 likelihood or risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.

                 (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
                        In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
                        compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
                        risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making
                        this assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable
                        and supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available
                        without undue cost or effort.




116   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                    For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Financial instruments (Continued)
         Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under
         HKFRS 9 (Continued)
         (i)    Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                increased significantly:

                •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                      or internal credit rating;

                •     significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                      the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;

                •     existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are
                      expected to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;

                •     an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;

                •     an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                      environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                      debt obligations.

                Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has
                increased significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past
                due, unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.

                Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased
                significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
                reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default,
                ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term
                and iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not
                necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group
                considers a debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of
                “investment grade” as per globally understood definitions.

                The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been
                a significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are
                capable of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited        117
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under
                 HKFRS 9 (Continued)
                 (ii)    Definition of default
                         For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when
                         information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                         unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                         held by the Group).

                         Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset
                         is more than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to
                         demonstrate that a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.

                 (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
                         A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events of default that have a detrimental impact
                         on the estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial
                         asset is credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:

                         (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;

                         (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                         (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                               financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                               otherwise consider;

                         (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial
                               reorganisation; or

                         (e)   the disappearance of an active market for that financial asset because of financial difficulties.

                 (iv)    Write-off policy
                         The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty
                         is in severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, for example, when the
                         counterparty has been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial
                         assets written off may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures,
                         taking into account legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any
                         subsequent recoveries are recognised in profit or loss.




118   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Financial instruments (Continued)
         Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under
         HKFRS 9 (Continued)
         (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL
                The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the
                magnitude of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the
                probability of default and loss given default is based on historical data and forward-looking
                information. Estimation of ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is
                determined with the respective risks of default occurring as the weights. The Group performs
                impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets at amortised cost individually for
                significant or credit impaired balances or collectively based on provision matrix for the remaining
                balances taking into consideration historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward looking
                information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at
                the effective interest rate determined at initial recognition. For a lease receivable, the cash flows used
                for determining the ECL is consistent with the cash flows used in measuring the lease receivable in
                accordance with HKFRS 16.

                For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                formulating the grouping:

                •     Internal credit ratings;

                •     Size and background of debtors;

                •     Business relationships with the debtors; and

                •     Repayment history and/or past-due status.

                The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue
                to share similar credit risk characteristics.

                Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the
                financial asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortised cost
                of the financial asset.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       119
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Impairment of financial assets and other items subject to impairment assessment under
                 HKFRS 9 (Continued)
                 (v)   Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)
                       Except for receivables that are measured at FVTOCI, the Group recognises an impairment gain or loss
                       in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting their carrying amount, with the exception of
                       trade receivables and loan receivables where the corresponding adjustment is recognised through a
                       loss allowance account. For receivables that are measured at FVTOCI, the loss allowance is recognised
                       in OCI and accumulated in the FVTOCI reserve without reducing the carrying amount of these
                       receivables. Such amount represents the changes in the FVTOCI reserve in relation to accumulated loss
                       allowance.

                 Derecognition of financial assets
                 The Group derecognises a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
                 expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership
                 of the asset to another entity. If the Group retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
                 a transferred financial asset, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and also recognises a
                 collateralised borrowing for the proceeds received.

                 On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortised cost, the difference between the asset’s
                 carrying amount and the sum of the consideration received and receivable is recognised in profit or loss.

                 On derecognition of receivables classified as at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated
                 in the FVTOCI reserve is reclassified to profit or loss.

                 On derecognition of an investment in equity instrument which the Group has elected on initial recognition
                 to measure at FVTOCI, the cumulative gain or loss previously accumulated in the investments revaluation
                 reserve is not reclassified to profit or loss, but is transferred to accumulated profits.

                 Financial liabilities and equity
                 Classification as debt or equity
                 Debt and equity instruments are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in accordance with
                 the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and an equity
                 instrument.




120   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




3.   BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
     3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

         Financial instruments (Continued)
         Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
         Equity instruments
         An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after
         deducting all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognised at the proceeds
         received, net of direct issue costs.

         Repurchase of the Company’s own equity instruments is recognised and deducted directly in equity. No
         gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Company’s own
         equity instruments.

         Financial liabilities
         All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method or at
         FVTPL.

         Financial liabilities at FVTPL
         Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an
         acquirer in a business combination to which HKFRS 3 applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii) it is designated as at
         FVTPL.

         A financial liability is held for trading if:

         •     it has been acquired principally for the purpose of repurchasing it in the near term; or

         •     on initial recognition it is part of a portfolio of identified financial instruments that the Group
               manages together and has a recent actual pattern of short-term profit-taking; or

         •     it is a derivative, except for a derivative that is a financial guarantee contract or a designated and
               effective hedging instrument.

         For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the
         financial liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognised in OCI, unless
         the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in OCI would create or enlarge an
         accounting mismatch in profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a financial liability’s credit risk
         that are recognised in OCI are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to
         accumulated profits upon derecognition of the financial liability.

         Financial liabilities at amortised cost
         Financial liabilities including trade and bills payables, other payables, bank borrowings, convertible bonds,
         corporate bonds and other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortised cost, using the
         effective interest method.




                                                                           Annual Report 2020      Skyworth Group Limited        121
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      3.    BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND
            SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
           3.2 Significant accounting policies (Continued)

                 Financial instruments (Continued)
                 Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
                 Derivative financial instruments
                 Derivatives are initially recognised at fair value at the date when derivative contracts are entered into and
                 are subsequently remeasured to their fair value at the end of the reporting period. The resulting gain or loss
                 is recognised in profit or loss.

                 Embedded derivatives
                 Derivatives embedded in hybrid contracts that contain financial asset hosts within the scope of HKFRS 9 are
                 not separated. The entire hybrid contract is classified and subsequently measured in its entirety as either
                 amortised cost or fair value as appropriate.

                 Derivatives embedded in non-derivative host contracts that are not financial assets within the scope of
                 HKFRS 9 are treated as separate derivatives when they meet the definition of a derivative, their risks and
                 characteristics are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host contracts are not measured
                 at FVTPL.

                 Generally, multiple embedded derivatives in a single instrument that are separated from the host contracts
                 are treated as a single compound embedded derivative unless those derivatives relate to different risk
                 exposures and are readily separable and independent of each other.

                 Convertible bonds
                 A conversion option that will be settled other than by the exchange of a fixed amount of cash or another
                 financial asset for a fixed number of the Group’s own equity instruments is a conversion option derivative.

                 At the date of issue, both the debt component and derivative component are recognised at fair value. In
                 subsequent periods, the debt component of the convertible bonds is carried at amortised cost using the
                 effective interest method. The derivative component is measured at fair value with changes in fair value
                 recognised in profit or loss.

                 Transaction costs that relate to the issue of the convertible bonds are allocated to the debt and derivative
                 components in proportion to their relative fair values. Transaction costs relating to the derivative component
                 are charged to profit or loss immediately. Transaction costs relating to the debt component are included in
                 the carrying amount of the debt portion and amortised over the period of the convertible bonds using the
                 effective interest method.

                 Derecognition of financial liabilities
                 The Group derecognises financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
                 cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability
                 derecognised and the consideration paid and payable is recognised in profit or loss.




122   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




4.   KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in note 3, the directors of the Company
     are required to make estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
     readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
     and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
     are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
     period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.

     The following are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty
     at the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
     amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year.

     Write-down for inventories

     Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable values. As at 31 December 2020, the carrying
     amount of inventories is RMB6,004 million (2019: RMB4,909 million). During the year ended 31 December 2020,
     an expense of RMB64 million (2019: RMB163 million) was recognised in profit or loss to write-down the cost of
     inventories to their net realisable values.

     At the end of each reporting period, management carries out the assessment of write-down of inventories
     by comparing the carrying amounts of inventories with the net realisable values. The net realisable values are
     primarily made reference to the estimated selling prices, less the estimated cost to completion, as appropriate.
     Moreover, management also writes down for slow moving inventories. The identification of slow moving
     inventories is based on the inventory ageing and recent or subsequent usages/sales. The assessment of write-
     down for inventories requires significant management judgement in determining estimated selling prices and
     estimated cost to completion. If the estimates are inaccurate, write-down for inventories may increase or decrease
     accordingly.

     Fair value measurement of financial instruments

     The Group’s unlisted equity instruments at FVTPL and unlisted equity instruments at FVTOCI amounting to
     RMB1,076 million and RMB1,088 million (2019: RMB612 million and RMB1,402 million), respectively, are
     measured at fair values with fair values being determined based on unobserved inputs using valuation techniques.
     In estimating the fair value of unlisted equity securities, the Group engaged independent qualified external
     valuers to perform the valuation and worked with the independent qualified external valuers to establish inputs
     to the valuation. The fair value of unlisted equity instruments was mainly arrived at by using market approach.
     The valuations are dependent on certain significant unobservable inputs that involve judgements, including
     trading multiples of comparable companies and discounts for lack of marketability. Judgement and estimation are
     required in establishing the relevant valuation techniques and the relevant inputs thereof. Changes in assumptions
     relating to these factors could affect the reported fair values of these instruments. See note 54(c) for further
     disclosures.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      123
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      4.    KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY (Continued)
           Estimated provision of ECL for trade receivables

            The Group uses provision matrix, through grouping of various debtors that have similar loss patterns, after
            considering internal credit ratings, size and background of debtors, business relationships with the debtors and
            repayment history and/or past due status of respective trade receivables, to calculate ECL for its trade receivables.
            The estimated loss rates are based on the historical default rates taking into consideration forward-looking
            information that is reasonable, supportable and available without undue costs. At every reporting date, the
            estimated loss rates are reassessed and changes in the forward-looking information are considered. In addition,
            trade receivables with significant balances and credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually with reference to
            the historical settlement experience, subsequent settlements, future expected settlement plan, among others.

            The aggregate carrying amount of trade receivables at amortised cost and at FVTOCI is RMB9,162 million, net
            of allowance for credit losses of RMB388 million (2019: RMB9,430 million, net of allowance for credit loss of
            RMB398 million). An impairment loss of RMB5 million (2019: RMB110 million) was recognised in the profit or loss
            on trade receivables during the year ended 31 December 2020.

            The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
            receivables are disclosed in notes 54(c) and 30 respectively.

      5.    REVENUE
           (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from sales of goods, leases and interest under
                 effective interest method

                  For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                             Smart                      Modern
                                                                           systems         Smart        services
                                                          Multimedia    technology     appliances           and
                                                            business       business      business        others          Total
                                                         RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
                   Type of goods
                   Smart TV systems                           20,525           172              –            89          20,786
                   Home access systems                            50         5,299              –             –           5,349
                   Smart white appliances                         67             –          3,882             1           3,950
                   Intelligent manufacturing                     123         1,693              –             –           1,816
                   Internet value-added services of
                      Coocaa system                            1,056             –             –               –          1,056
                   Sales of properties                             –             –             –             305            305
                   Automotive electronic system                    –           104             –               –            104
                   Others (Note (a))                           2,750         1,418           336           1,787          6,291
                   Contracts with customers (Note (b))        24,571         8,686          4,218          2,182         39,657
                   Leases                                          –            60              –            346            406
                   Interest under effective interest
                      method (Note (c))                            –             –              –            30              30
                   Segment revenue                            24,571         8,746          4,218          2,558         40,093




124   Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2020
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (i)   Disaggregation of revenue from sales of goods, leases and interest under
           effective interest method (Continued)

           For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                            Smart                           Modern
                                                                          systems              Smart        services
                                                      Multimedia      technology          appliances            and
                                                        business         business           business         others         Total
                                                     RMB million     RMB million         RMB million     RMB million   RMB million
             Type of goods
             Smart TV systems                            19,555              198                  –             112        19,865
             Home access systems                             12            6,256                  –               –         6,268
             Smart white appliances                         100                –              4,016               2         4,118
             Intelligent manufacturing                       44            1,684                  –               –         1,728
             Internet value-added services of
                Coocaa system                               826                –                  –               –           826
             Sales of properties                              –                –                  –             528           528
             Automotive electronic system                     –               55                  –               –            55
             Others (Note (a))                              968            1,346                279             821         3,414
             Contracts with customers (Note (b))         21,505            9,539              4,295           1,463        36,802
             Leases                                           –               59                  –             349           408
             Interest under effective interest
                method (Note (c))                             –                –                  –              67            67
             Segment revenue                             21,505            9,598              4,295           1,879        37,277


           Notes:


           (a)      Others mainly represents manufacture and sales of lighting products, security system, other electronic
                    products and trading of other products, etc.


           (b)      Except for certain revenue generated from internet value-added services of Coocaa system which is
                    recognised over time, the revenue from sales of goods are recognised at a point in time under HKFRS 15.


           (c)      Interest represents interest income from loan receivables and finance lease receivables and amounted to
                    RMB30 million (2019: RMB67 million), under group entities in which the loan financing is a principal activity.




                                                                                    Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited     125
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      5.    REVENUE (Continued)
           (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers

                 Manufacture and sales of goods
                 The Group manufactures and sells smart TV systems, home access systems (mainly digital set-top boxes),
                 smart white appliances, intelligent manufacturing (mainly LCD modules), lighting products, automotive
                 electronic systems, security system and other electronic products etc. and trading of other products, to the
                 customers or directly to retail customers either through its own retail outlets and through internet sales.

                 For sales to the customers, revenue is recognised when control of the goods has transferred, being when
                 the goods have been shipped to the customer’s specific location (delivery). Following delivery, the customers
                 has full discretion over the manner of distribution and price to sell the goods, has the primary responsibility
                 when on selling the goods and bears the risks of obsolescence and loss in relation to the goods.

                 Sales of smart TV system, intelligent manufacturing, smart white appliances, automotive electronic systems,
                 lighting products, security system and other electronic products etc. in the PRC are generally settled by
                 payment on delivery or bills issued by banks with maturity dates ranging from 90 to 180 days. Sales to
                 certain retailers in the PRC are made with credit terms of one to two months after sales. Certain district
                 sales managers in the PRC are authorised to make credit sales for payment at 30 to 60 days up to a limited
                 amount which is determined based on the sales volume of the respective offices.

                 For sales of home access systems, the credit terms are normally ranging from 90 to 270 days.

                 Export sales of the Group are mainly by letters of credit with credit term ranging from 30 to 90 days.

                 For sales to retail customers through the Group’s own retail outlets, revenue is recognised when control
                 of the goods has transferred, being at the point the customer purchases the goods at the retail outlets.
                 Payment of the transaction price is due immediately at the point the customer purchases the goods.

                 For sales to retail customers through internet sales, revenue is recognised when control of the goods has
                 transferred to the customer, being at the point the goods are delivered to the customer. Delivery occurs
                 when the goods have been shipped to the customer’s specific location. When the customer initially
                 purchases the goods online, the transaction price received by the Group is recognised as a contract liability
                 until the goods have been delivered to the customer.

                 The amount of consideration the Group receives and revenue the Group recognises vary with changes in
                 sales rebates the Group offers to the customers. The Group estimates the sales rebates based on analysis of
                 historical experience, and adjusts for the most likely amount of consideration to be received. Revenue from
                 these sales is recognised based on the price specified in the contract, net of the estimated rebate which
                 is estimated based on experience. Revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that
                 a significant reversal will not occur. Provision for rebates (included in other payables) are recognised for
                 expected rebates to customers in relation to sales made at the end of the reporting period. No element of
                 financing is deemed present as the sales rebates are payable on demand from customers.




126   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




5.   REVENUE (Continued)
     (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)

         Manufacture and sales of goods (Continued)
         Under the Group’s standard contract terms, customers have a right to exchange defective products within
         30 days. The Group uses its accumulated historical experience to estimate the number of exchange on a
         portfolio level using the expected value method. Revenue is recognised for sales which are considered highly
         probable that a significant reversal in the cumulative revenue recognised will not occur. A contract liability
         is recognised for sales in which revenue has yet been recognised. The directors consider that there will have
         no significant reversal of revenue as of the end of the reporting period for exchange of products.

         Sales-related warranties associated with electronic products cannot be purchased separately and they serve
         as an assurance that the products sold comply with agreed-upon specifications. Accordingly, the Group
         accounts for warranties in accordance with HKAS 37.

         Internet value-added services of Coocaa system
         For provision of internet value-added services of Coocaa system, revenue is either recognised based on the
         services transferred to date relative to the remaining services promised under the contract or recognised
         over the subscription period/contract period when the services are provided through the online platform.
         The customers are required to pay upfront for the subscription fees.

         Sales of properties
         For contracts entered into with customers on sales of properties, the relevant properties specified in the
         contracts are based on customers’ specifications with no alternative use. Taking into consideration of the
         relevant contract terms, the legal environment and relevant legal precedent, the directors of the Company
         consider that the Group does not have an enforceable right to payment prior to transfer of the relevant
         properties to customers. Revenue from sales of properties is therefore recognised at a point in time when
         the completed property is transferred to customer, being at the point that the customer obtains the control
         of the completed property and the Group has present right to payment and collection of the consideration
         is probable.

         The Group receives not less than 30% of the contract value as deposits from customers for the sales of
         properties when they sign the sale and purchase agreements and the remaining of the contract value is paid
         before the completion of the sales of the properties. The deposits and advance payment schemes result in
         contract liabilities being recognised until the customers obtain control of the properties.

         The Group considers the advance payment scheme does not contain significant financing component. For
         contracts where the period between payment and transfer of the associated properties is less than one year,
         the Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the transaction price for any significant financing
         component.

         The Group applies the practical expedient of expensing all incremental costs to obtain a contract if these
         costs would otherwise have been fully amortised to profit or loss within one year.




                                                                       Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       127
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      5.    REVENUE (Continued)
           (ii) Performance obligations for contracts with customers (Continued)

                 Trading of other products
                 For trading of other products, revenue is recognised when control of the goods has transferred to the
                 customer, being at the point the goods are delivered to the customers’ specific location. The credit terms
                 are normally ranging from 120 to 270 days.

           (iii) Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for
                 contracts with customers

                 The expected timing of recognising revenue on transaction price related to the performance obligations
                 (unsatisfied or partially unsatisfied) as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 is within one year. As permitted
                 under HKFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts is not disclosed.

      6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION
            The Group is organised into operating business units according to the nature of the goods sold or services
            provided. The Group determines its operating segments based on these business units by reference to the goods
            sold or services provided, for the purpose of reporting to the chief operating decision maker (“CODM”) (i.e. the
            executive directors of the Company).

            Specifically, the Group’s operating and reportable segments under HKFRS 8 Operating Segments are as follows:

            1.   Multimedia business                  –     manufacture and sale of smart TV systems for the PRC and
                                                             overseas markets and provision and sales of internet value-
                                                             added services of Coocaa system

            2.   Smart systems technology business    –     manufacture and sale of home access systems, intelligent
                                                             manufacturing, automotive electronic systems, lighting
                                                             products, security system and other electronic products

            3.   Smart appliances business            –     manufacture and sale of smart white appliances and other smart
                                                             appliances

            In addition to the above reportable segments, the Group has other operating segments which mainly include
            sales of properties, loan financing and trading of other products etc. These operating segments individually do
            not meet any of the quantitative thresholds for determining reportable segments. Accordingly, these operating
            segments are grouped as “Modern services and others”.




128   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment revenue and results

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s revenue and results by reportable segments:

     For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                 Smart
                                                               systems       Smart        Total    Modern
                                                 Multimedia technology appliances reportable services and
                                                   business    business   business    segments      others Eliminations      Total
                                                RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million RMB million
      Revenue
      Segment revenue from external customers       24,571       8,746       4,218         37,535     2,558            –     40,093
      Inter-segment revenue                            112         218          53            383     4,532       (4,915)         –
      Total segment revenue                         24,683       8,964       4,271         37,918     7,090       (4,915)    40,093
      Results
      Segment results (Note)                           606         399          96          1,101         217          –      1,318
      Interest income                                                                                                           275
      Other gains or losses                                                                                                   1,194
      Unallocated corporate income                                                                                              138
      Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                           (320)
      Finance costs                                                                                                            (440)
      Share of results of associates                                                                                             15
      Consolidated profit before taxation
       of the Group                                                                                                           2,180


     During the year ended 31 December 2020, an amount of RMB358 million was adjusted to revenue of the current
     year for sales made in prior years as a result of collection in the current year upon the finalisation of settlement
     with the relevant government authority. Accordingly, the net amount of RMB286 million (after deducting related
     expenses) was recognised and included in the segment result of multimedia business segment.

     Inter-segment sales are charged at prevailing market rates.




                                                                                     Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited     129
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Segment revenue and results (Continued)

            For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                               Smart
                                                                             systems         Smart         Total       Modern
                                                           Multimedia    technology     appliances    reportable   services and
                                                             business       business      business     segments          others   Eliminations        Total
                                                          RMB million   RMB million    RMB million   RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
             Revenue
             Segment revenue from external customers           21,505         9,598         4,295        35,398          1,879              –        37,277
             Inter-segment revenue                                144           199            85           428          3,837         (4,265)            –
             Total segment revenue                             21,649         9,797         4,380        35,826          5,716         (4,265)       37,277
             Results
             Segment results (Note)                              360            723           101         1,184            646              –         1,830
             Interest income                                                                                                                            241
             Other gains or losses                                                                                                                      250
             Unallocated corporate income                                                                                                                25
             Unallocated corporate expenses                                                                                                            (335)
             Finance costs                                                                                                                             (484)
             Share of results of associates                                                                                                              21
             Share of results of joint ventures                                                                                                           5
             Consolidated profit before taxation of the
              Group                                                                                                                                   1,553


           Note: Unrealised profit and loss arising from inter-segment revenue is included in segment results of each segment.

            The accounting policies of the reportable segments are the same as the Group’s accounting policies described
            in note 3. Segment results represent the profit earned by each segment without allocation of interest income,
            certain other gains or losses, certain corporate income and expenses, finance costs and share of results of
            associates and joint ventures. This is the measure reported to the CODM for the purposes of resource allocation
            and performance assessment.




130   Skyworth Group Limited              Annual Report 2020
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Segment assets and liabilities

     The following is an analysis of the Group’s assets and liabilities by reportable segments:

     As at 31 December 2020

                                                                              Smart
                                                                            systems          Smart           Total         Modern
                                                          Multimedia     technology      appliances     reportable     services and
                                                            business        business       business      segments            others         Total
                                                         RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million     RMB million     RMB million
      Assets
      Segment assets                                          14,727           6,631          2,432         23,790          15,711          39,501
      Goodwill                                                                                                                                 447
      Interests in associates                                                                                                                  197
      Interests in joint ventures                                                                                                               17
      Assets classified as held for sale                                                                                                       200
      Unallocated corporate assets                                                                                                          13,322
      Total consolidated assets                                                                                                             53,684
      Liabilities
      Segment liabilities                                      8,449           3,604          2,259         14,312            6,160         20,472
      Liabilities associated with assets classified as
        held for sale                                                                                                                           84
      Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                                                                     14,137
      Total consolidated liabilities                                                                                                        34,693


     As at 31 December 2019

                                                                                Smart
                                                                              systems          Smart          Total         Modern
                                                           Multimedia     technology      appliances     reportable     services and
                                                             business        business       business      segments            others         Total
                                                          RMB million    RMB million     RMB million    RMB million     RMB million     RMB million
      Assets
      Segment assets                                          12,273           8,410          1,996         22,679          14,865          37,544
      Goodwill                                                                                                                                 410
      Interests in associates                                                                                                                  196
      Interests in joint ventures                                                                                                               19
      Unallocated corporate assets                                                                                                           9,369
      Total consolidated assets                                                                                                             47,538
      Liabilities
      Segment liabilities                                      4,128           4,137          1,650          9,915            7,155         17,070
      Unallocated corporate liabilities                                                                                                     12,325
      Total consolidated liabilities                                                                                                        29,395




                                                                                           Annual Report 2020         Skyworth Group Limited          131
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Segment assets and liabilities (Continued)

            Included in modern services and others, segment assets and liabilities related to “sales of properties” amounted
            to RMB5,154 million (2019: RMB4,575 million) and RMB2,523 million (2019: RMB1,283 million) respectively.

            For the purposes of monitoring segment performances and allocating resources among segments:

            •         all assets other than inter-segment assets are allocated to reportable segments other than goodwill,
                      interests in associates and joint ventures, derivative financial instruments, financial assets at FVTPL, equity
                      instruments at FVTOCI, deferred tax assets, investments in debt securities, prepaid tax, pledged bank
                      deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash and assets classified as held for sale; and

            •         all liabilities other than inter-segment liabilities are allocated to reportable segments other than derivative
                      financial instruments, tax liabilities, bank borrowings, deferred income, corporate bonds, convertible bonds,
                      deferred tax liabilities and liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale.

           Other segment information

            For the year ended 31 December 2020

                                                                                       Smart
                                                                                     systems          Smart          Total        Modern
                                                                    Multimedia    technology      appliances    reportable    services and
                                                                      business       business       business     segments           others         Total
                                                                   RMB million   RMB million     RMB million   RMB million    RMB million     RMB million
                Included in measure of segment results or
                  segment assets:

                Amortisation of intangible assets                           2               –              –            2                –             2
                Capital expenditure on
                  – Intangible assets                                       9              –              –             9               1              10
                  – Property, plant and equipment                         473            221            203           897             830           1,727
                  – Right-of-use assets                                    20             29              –            49             277             326
                Depreciation of property, plant and equipment              97            164             70           331             145             476
                Depreciation of right-of-use assets                        36             24              2            62              33              95
                Depreciation of investment properties                       –              –              –             –              71              71
                Loss (gain) on disposal of property, plant and
                  equipment, net                                            6              (1)             –            5              69             74
                Impairment loss recognised (reversed) in
                  respect of trade receivables at amortised cost           54            (54)             6             6               (1)            5
                Impairment loss recognised in
                  respect of bills receivables                             55             21               –           76                –            76
                Impairment loss recognised in respect of
                  loan receivables                                           –              –              –             –             78             78
                Impairment loss recognised (reversed) in
                  respect of other receivables                              3              (6)             –            (3)            30             27
                Impairment loss reversed in respect of
                  finance lease receivables                                 –              –               –            –               (7)           (7)
                Write-down of inventories                                  34             31               –           65               (1)           64




132   Skyworth Group Limited                Annual Report 2020
                Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




6.   SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
     Other segment information (Continued)

     For the year ended 31 December 2019

                                                                               Smart
                                                                             systems         Smart          Total        Modern
                                                           Multimedia    technology     appliances     reportable    services and
                                                             business       business      business      segments           others        Total
                                                          RMB million   RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
      Included in measure of segment results or
        segment assets:

      Amortisation of intangible assets                            1              –             –              1               –             1
      Capital expenditure on
        – Property, plant and equipment                          269            206           129            604             629         1,233
        – Right-of-use assets                                     38             33             –             71              64           135
      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment               78            152            67            297             214           511
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                         41             23             1             65              20            85
      Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment            6              –             –              6               –             6
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        investments in debt securities                             –              –             –              –               8             8
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        trade receivables at amortised cost                       15             91             4            110               –           110
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        loan receivables                                           –              –             –              –              35            35
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        other receivables                                          –              –             –              –              67            67
      Impairment loss recognised in respect of
        finance lease receivables                                  –              –             –              –               3             3
      Write-down of inventories                                   93             41             4            138              25           163




                                                                                         Annual Report 2020         Skyworth Group Limited        133
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      6.    SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
           Geographical information

            The Group’s operations are located in the PRC, Asia region (other than the PRC), America, Europe and other
            regions.

            For segments other than sales of properties included in modern service and others, the Group’s geographical
            analysis of revenue from external customers is determined based on the location of customers. For the sales of
            properties included in modern service and others, the Group’s revenue from external customers is determined
            based on the location of assets. Information about its non-current assets by physical location of the assets is also
            detailed below.

                                                                     Revenue from                           Non-current
                                                                   external customers                     assets (Note (a))
                                                                      2020          2019                   2020             2019
                                                                RMB million    RMB million           RMB million     RMB million
             PRC                                                      24,583             26,006            10,173              9,823
             Asia region (other than the PRC) (Note (b))               9,429              6,115               472                643
             America                                                   1,424                709                 –                  –
             Europe                                                    1,890              1,637                15                 17
             Other regions                                             2,767              2,810                71                 72
                                                                      40,093             37,277            10,731             10,555


           Notes:


           (a)      Non-current assets excluded financial assets at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI, finance lease receivables, loan
                    receivables and deferred tax assets.


           (b)      Asia region (other than PRC) includes Vietnam, Indonesia, India, etc, which individually contributed less than 10%
                    of total revenue.

            Information about major customers
            There was no customer who individually accounted for over 10% of the total revenue during both years.




134   Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




7.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                            2020                2019
                                                                                       RMB million         RMB million
      Dividend income from unlisted investments                                                    29              15
      Government grants (note 42)
        – related to assets                                                                       145             141
        – related to expense items                                                                357             231

                                                                                                  502             372
      Interest income from
         – bank deposits                                                                          138              90
         – investments in debt securities                                                           1               3
         – loan receivables                                                                       136             148

                                                                                                  275             241
      Repairs and maintenance income                                                                –               1
      Value-added-tax (“VAT”) refund                                                              299             296
      Sales of scrap and raw materials and accessories                                             42              54
      Others                                                                                       86              92
                                                                                                 1,233           1,071


8.   OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT LOSS RECOGNISED IN
     RESPECT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS
     (a) Other gains and losses

                                                                                            2020                2019
                                                                                       RMB million         RMB million
            Other gains and losses comprise of:

            Exchange gain, net                                                                     73              59
            Gain (loss) from change in fair value of derivative financial
              instruments (note 37)                                                               144             (137)
            Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                                     –                3
            Gain from changes in fair value of financial assets at FVTPL                          345              387
            Gain on disposal of subsidiaries (note 49)                                            724                –
            Loss on disposal of interests in associates                                           (17)               –
            Loss on disposal of financial assets at amortised cost                                (32)             (31)
            Loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                     (74)              (6)
            Loss on trade receivables at FVTOCI reclassified from equity
              upon disposal                                                                        (17)              –
            Others                                                                                  (2)              –
                                                                                                 1,144            275




                                                                            Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited   135
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      8.    OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES AND IMPAIRMENT LOSS RECOGNISED IN
            RESPECT OF FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
           (b) Impairment loss recognised in respect of financial assets

                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB million    RMB million
                   Impairment loss reversed (recognised) in respect of
                     the following financial assets:

                   Finance lease receivables                                                7            (3)
                   Investments in debt securities                                           –            (8)
                   Trade receivables at amortised cost                                     (5)         (110)
                   Bills receivables                                                      (76)            –
                   Other receivables                                                      (27)          (67)
                   Loan receivables                                                       (78)          (35)
                                                                                         (179)         (223)


      9.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB million    RMB million
             Interest on corporate bonds                                                 115            111
             Interest on convertible bonds (note 43)                                      49             36
             Interest on borrowings                                                      255            315
             Imputed interest expenses on other financial liabilities (note 36)           12             14
             Interest expense on lease liabilities                                         9              8
                                                                                         440            484


      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                       2020           2019
                                                                                  RMB million    RMB million
             PRC Enterprise Income Tax (“EIT”)                                            404           308
             PRC withholding tax                                                           22            26
             Hong Kong Profits Tax                                                         10             5
             Taxation arising in other jurisdictions                                       19             6
             PRC land appreciation tax (“LAT”)                                              1            14
             Deferred taxation                                                           (111)          163
                                                                                         345            522




136   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
   On 21 March 2018, the Hong Kong Legislative Council passed The Inland Revenue (Amendment) (No. 7) Bill
   2018 (the “Bill”) which introduces the two-tiered profits tax rates regime. The Bill was signed into law on 28
   March 2018 and was gazetted on the following day. Under the two-tiered profits tax rates regime, the first HK$2
   million of profits of qualifying corporations will be taxed at 8.25%, and profits above HK$2 million will be taxed
   at 16.5%. The profits of corporations not qualifying for the two tiered profits tax rates regime will continue to be
   taxed at a flat rate of 16.5%.

   Accordingly, the Hong Kong Profits Tax of the qualifying group entity is calculated at 8.25% on the first HK$2
   million of the estimated assessable profits and at 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits above HK$2 million.

   Under the Law of the PRC on EIT (the “EIT Law”) and Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law, the tax rate
   of the PRC subsidiaries is 25% for the year. For those PRC subsidiaries approved as High and New Technology
   Enterprise by the relevant government authorities, they are subject to a preferential rate of 15%.

   LAT in the PRC is levied at progressive rates ranging from 30% to 60% on the appreciation of land value, being
   the proceeds of sales of properties less deductible expenditures including cost of land use right and all property
   development expenditures.

   According to a joint circular of Ministry of Finance and State Administration of Taxation, Caishui 2008 No. 1,
   dividend distributed out of the profits generated since 1 January 2008 by the PRC entity shall be subject to EIT
   pursuant to Articles 3 and 27 of the EIT Law of the PRC and Article 91 of the Implementation Rules of EIT Law of
   the PRC. RMB22 million (2019: RMB26 million) is charged to profit and loss as current tax upon distributions by
   the PRC subsidiaries during the year ended 31 December 2020.

   In August 2018, a new notice with the name of Caishui 2018 No. 99 “Notice on Increasing the Pre-tax Deduction
   Ratio of Research and Development Expenses” was released, according to which certain PRC subsidiaries are
   entitled to an additional 75% tax deduction on eligible research costs incurred by them for both years.

   Taxation arising in other jurisdictions is calculated at the rate prevailing in the relevant jurisdictions.




                                                                           Annual Report 2020      Skyworth Group Limited   137
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      10. INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
            The income tax expense for the year can be reconciled from the profit before taxation per the consolidated
            statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income as follows:

                                                                                           2020              2019
                                                                                      RMB million       RMB million
             Profit before taxation                                                          2,180            1,553
             Tax at applicable tax rate at 25% (Note)                                          545              388
             Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose                             130              113
             Tax effect of income not taxable for tax purpose                                  (99)            (171)
             Tax effect of additional tax deduction of research costs                         (116)            (125)
             Tax effect of tax losses and deductible temporary difference
               not recognised                                                                  143              320
             Utilisation of tax losses previously not recognised                              (195)             (62)
             Tax effect of share of results of associates                                       (4)              (5)
             Tax effect of share of results of joint ventures                                    –               (1)
             PRC withholding tax                                                                 –               59
             PRC LAT                                                                             1               14
             Tax effect of PRC LAT                                                               –               (4)
             Effect of different tax rates applicable to subsidiaries operating in
               Hong Kong and regions in the PRC other than Hong Kong                            (1)               (3)
             Income tax at concessionary rate                                                  (39)              (54)
             Others                                                                            (20)               53
             Income tax expense for the year                                                  345               522


           Note: The applicable tax rate is with reference to the prevailing PRC tax rate of 25% under the EIT Law and
                 Implementation Regulation of the EIT Law for the year.




138   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




11. PROFIT FOR THE YEAR
                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million
    Profit for the year has been arrived at after charging (crediting):

    Amortisation of intangible assets                                                               2               1
    Auditors’ remunerations                                                                         8               9
    Cost of inventories recognised as an expense including write-down of
      inventories of RMB64 million (2019: RMB163 million)                                  32,555             29,310
    Cost of stock of properties recognised as an expense                                      222                322
    Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                       141                136
    Less: Capitalised as cost of inventories                                                   (3)                (3)
          Capitalised as cost of construction in progress                                     (43)               (48)
                                                                                                  95               85
    Depreciation of investment properties                                                         71                –
    Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                703              733
    Less:Capitalised as cost of inventories                                                     (227)            (222)
                                                                                                 476             511
    Provision for warranty                                                                       272             216
    Rental income from leases less related outgoings of
      RMB125 million (2019: RMB144 million)                                                     (281)            (264)
    Research and development costs recognised as an expense
      (including staff costs of RMB937 million (2019: RMB950 million))                         1,865            1,843
    Staff costs:
      – Directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments (note 12)                                     72               44
      – Related staff costs for research and development activities                              937              950
      – Other staffs salaries, bonus, retirement benefits and others                           3,274            3,274
                                                                                               4,283            4,268
    Less capitalised as:
      – Cost of inventories                                                                    (1,063)         (1,023)
      – Stock of properties                                                                        (5)             (6)
      – Property, plant and equipment                                                             (11)            (11)
                                                                                               3,204            3,228




                                                                          Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited   139
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      12. DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE ’ S EMOLUMENTS
                                                                                                        2020                        2019
                                                                                                   RMB million                 RMB million
             Directors’ fees                                                                                  4,084                 3,977
             Other emoluments:
               Basic salaries and allowances                                                                 10,403                 7,476
               Performance related incentive payments (Note)                                                 36,354                18,926
               Retirement benefits scheme contributions                                                         272                   390
               Share-based payments                                                                          20,731                12,904
                                                                                                             71,844                43,673


           Note: The performance related incentive payments are determined based on the results of the Group and/or the
                  performance of the directors.

            There was no arrangement under which a director or the chief executive waived or agreed to waive any
            emoluments for both years.

            The emoluments paid or payable to each of the directors and the chief executive of the Company are set out
            below:

                                                                         Basic Retirement    Performance
                                                                      salaries    benefits         related         Share-
                                                    Directors’            and      scheme        incentive         based
                                                         fees     allowances contributions      payments        payments             Total
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000
             For the year ended
               31 December 2020
             Executive directors (Note (i)):
               Lai Weide                                   498         3,096           70          12,144             10,590         26,398
               Lin Wei Ping                                498         1,494           94           3,924                  –          6,010
               Lin Jin                                     498         1,116           23           1,782                  –          3,419
               Liu Tangzhi (Note (iii))                    498         2,116           51           7,208              5,961         15,834
               Shi Chi                                     264         1,585           18           9,119              1,895         12,881
               Lam Shing Choi, Eric (Note (iv))            418           996           16           2,177              2,285          5,892
                                                          2,674       10,403          272          36,354             20,731         70,434
             Independent non-executive directors
               (Note (ii)):
               Cheong Ying Chew, Henry                     470             –             –              –                  –           470
               Li Weibin                                   470             –             –              –                  –           470
               Hung Ka Hai, Clement (Note (v))             370             –             –              –                  –           370
               Li Ming (Note (vi))                         100             –             –              –                  –           100
                                                          1,410            –             –              –                  –          1,410
             Total directors’ emoluments                  4,084       10,403          272          36,354             20,731         71,844




140   Skyworth Group Limited         Annual Report 2020
                 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2020




12. DIRECTORS ’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE ’ S EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
                                                                 Basic      Retirement    Performance
                                                               salaries        benefits         related       Share-
                                              Directors’           and          scheme        incentive       based
                                                    fees   allowances     contributions      payments      payments        Total
                                              RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000
      For the year ended
        31 December 2019
      Executive directors (Note (i)):
        Lai Weide                                  511          2,073              127          6,139         7,454      16,304
        Lin Wei Ping                               511          1,465               96          2,473             –       4,545
        Lin Jin                                    511          1,109               39          1,911             –       3,570
        Liu Tangzhi (Note (iii))                   511          2,001               77          5,166         5,450      13,205
        Shi Chi                                    511            828               51          3,237             –       4,627
                                                 2,555          7,476              390         18,926        12,904      42,251
      Independent non-executive directors
        (Note (ii)) :
        Cheong Ying Chew, Henry                    474               –               –               –            –         474
        Li Weibin                                  474               –               –               –            –         474
        Li Ming (Note (vi))                        474               –               –               –            –         474
                                                 1,422               –               –               –            –       1,422
           Total directors’ emoluments           3,977          7,476              390         18,926        12,904      43,673


   Notes:


   (i)       The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management of
             the Group.


   (ii)      The independent non-executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services as directors of the
             Company.


   (iii)     Liu Tangzhi is the chief executive of the Group and his emoluments disclosed above include those for services
             rendered by him as the chief executive.


   (iv)      Lam Shing Choi, Eric was appointed as an executive director of the Company on 28 February 2020.


   (v)       Hung Ka Hai, Clement was appointed as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 18 March
             2020.


   (vi)      Li Ming retired as an independent non-executive director of the Company on 18 March 2020.




                                                                                 Annual Report 2020       Skyworth Group Limited   141
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      13. EMPLOYEES ’ EMOLUMENTS
            The five highest paid employees of the Group during the year included four (2019: four) existing directors, details
            of whose emoluments are set out in note 12 above. Details of the emoluments of the remaining highest paid
            employee who is neither an existing director nor chief executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                 2020                2019
                                                                                            RMB million         RMB million
             Basic salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                            1                  1
             Performance related incentive payments (Note)                                              4                  2
             Share-based payments                                                                       2                  2
                                                                                                        7                  5


           Note: The performance related incentive payments are determined based on the results of the Group and/or the
                 performance of the individual.

            The number of the highest paid employee who is not a director of the Company whose remuneration fell within
            the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                                  2020               2019
                                                                                                No. of              No. of
                                                                                              employee            employee
                                                                                            RMB million         RMB million
             HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                               –                  1
             HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                               1                  –


            No emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors or the five highest paid individuals (including directors
            and employees) as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office for both
            years.

      14. DIVIDEND
                                                                                                 2020                2019
                                                                                            RMB million         RMB million
             Dividend recognised as distribution during the year:

             2019 final dividend – nil
               (2019: 2018 final dividend 6.0 HK cents) per share                                       –               160


            The Board has determined not to declare any dividend for the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: nil).

            No interim dividend was paid or proposed during the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019.

            The final dividend paid during the year ended 31 December 2019 was distributed in the form of cash.




142   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020




15. EARNINGS PER SHARE
   The calculation of the basic and diluted earnings per share attributable to the owners of the Company is based on
   the following data:

                                                                                       2020                2019
                                                                                  RMB million         RMB million
    Earnings
    Profit for the year attributable to owners of the
      Company for the purpose of basic earnings per share                                  1,440              747
    Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares arising from
      restricted share incentive scheme of Skyworth Digital Co., Limited
      (“Skyworth Digital”), an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the
      Company established in the PRC whose shares are
      listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (note 48 (iii))                                   (2)              (2)
    Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares on convertible bonds of
      Skyworth Digital                                                                     (129)                –
    Profit for the year attributable to owners of the Company for
      the purpose of diluted earnings per share                                            1,309              745


                                                                                           2020             2019
    Number of shares
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
      the purpose of basic earnings per share                                   2,924,914,748       3,035,576,545
    Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares in respect of
      outstanding share awards of the Company                                      19,059,481          3,212,895
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
     the purpose of diluted earnings per share                                  2,943,974,229       3,038,789,440


   The computation of diluted earnings per share does not assume the exercise of certain of the Company’s
   outstanding share options as the exercise prices are higher than the average market price per share for the years
   ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 and the conversion of Skyworth Digital’s convertible bonds which results in
   an increase in earnings per share for the year ended 31 December 2019.

   The weighted average number of ordinary shares for the purpose of basic earnings per share has been adjusted
   for the repurchase of shares on 14 September 2020 and has been arrived at after deducting shares held by share
   award scheme trust as set out in note 48(ii).




                                                                      Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited     143
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                                                    Furniture,
                                                      Leasehold                                    equipment
                                                       land and     Construction     Plant and     and motor
                                                       buildings     in progress    machinery         vehicles         Total
                                                     RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million
             COST
             At 1 January 2019                            5,265              978         2,257          1,318          9,818
             Additions                                       44              742           287            160          1,233
             Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 49)            5                –             –             13             18
             Disposals                                       (9)               –           (48)           (55)          (112)
             Reclassification                               676             (774)           98              –              –
             Exchange realignment                             2                –             2              1              5
             At 31 December 2019                          5,983              946         2,596          1,437         10,962
             Additions                                       72              958           418            279          1,727
             Acquisition of a subsidiary                     34                –             8              –             42
             Disposal of subsidiaries (note 49)            (306)            (224)          (11)            (1)          (542)
             Disposals                                     (156)               –          (354)          (100)          (610)
             Reclassification                               734             (745)           11              –              –
             Transfer to assets classified as
                held for sale                                (80)              –            (10)           (28)          (118)
             Transfer to investment properties            (1,740)              –              –              –         (1,740)
             Exchange realignment                             (7)              –             (3)            (3)           (13)
             At 31 December 2020                          4,534             935          2,655          1,584          9,708
             DEPRECIATION
             At 1 January 2019                            1,343                –         1,181            723          3,247
             Provided for the year                          296                –           234            203            733
             Eliminated on disposals                         (6)               –           (14)           (40)           (60)
             Exchange realignment                             1                –             1              –              2
             At 31 December 2019                          1,634                –         1,402            886          3,922
             Provided for the year                          245                –           256            202            703
             Eliminated on disposals                        (89)               –          (245)           (81)          (415)
             Disposal of subsidiaries (note 49)            (122)               –            (8)             –           (130)
             Transfer to assets classified as
                held for sale                               (34)               –             (5)           (18)          (57)
             Transfer to investment properties             (107)               –              –              –          (107)
             Exchange realignment                            (5)               –             (5)            (1)          (11)
             At 31 December 2020                          1,522                –         1,395            988          3,905
             CARRYING VALUES
             At 31 December 2020                          3,012             935          1,260            596          5,803
             At 31 December 2019                          4,349             946          1,194            551          7,040




144   Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                              For the year ended 31 December 2020




16. PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
   The above items of property, plant and equipment, except for construction in progress, are depreciated on a
   straight-line basis at the following rates per annum:

   Leasehold land and buildings               Over the shorter of the terms of the leases or 20 to 50 years
   Plant and machinery                        10% to 50%
   Furniture, equipment and motor vehicles    20% to 50%

   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group’s property, plant and equipment amounted to RMB1,633
   million was transferred to investment properties as a result of end of owner-occupation.

   The carrying values of leasehold land and buildings and construction in progress shown above comprise:

                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                RMB million         RMB million
    Leasehold land and buildings:
      In the PRC                                                                         1,821                1,532
      In Hong Kong                                                                          17                   17
      Overseas                                                                               6                    6
                                                                                         1,844                1,555
    Buildings:
      In the PRC                                                                         1,137                2,763
      Overseas                                                                              31                   31
                                                                                         1,168                2,794
                                                                                         3,012                4,349
    Construction in progress:
      In the PRC                                                                          935                  946
                                                                                         3,947                5,295




                                                                    Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      145
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
            For the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group leases various offices, warehouses and retail stores for its
            operations. Lease contracts are entered into for fixed term of 1 to 10 years, and majority of the contracts have
            no extension or termination option. Lease terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain a wide range
            of different terms and conditions. In determining the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable
            period, the Group applies the definition of a contract and determines the period for which the contract is
            enforceable.

                                                                          Leasehold             Leased
                                                                              lands          properties            Total
                                                                         RMB million        RMB million       RMB million
             As at 31 December 2020
             Carrying amount                                                   2,282                188             2,470
             As at 31 December 2019
             Carrying amount                                                   2,361                135             2,496
             For the year ended 31 December 2020
             Depreciation charge                                                   63                78               141
             Capitalised in construction in progress                              (43)                –               (43)
             Capitalised in inventories                                            (3)                –                (3)
                                                                                   17                78                 95
             For the year ended 31 December 2019
             Depreciation charge                                                   63                73               136
             Capitalised in construction in progress                              (48)                –               (48)
             Capitalised in inventories                                            (3)                –                (3)
                                                                                   12                73                 85


                                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                                           RMB million        RMB million
             Expense relating to short-term leases                                                    2                24
             Total cash outflow for leases                                                          279               142
             Additions to right-of-use assets                                                       326               135
             Additions through acquisition of a subsidiary                                           23                 –
             Disposal through disposals of subsidiaries                                             235                 –


            The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for motor vehicles and office equipment. As at 31 December
            2020, the portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term
            lease expense disclosed this note.




146   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




17. RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
   Restrictions or covenants on leases

   Lease liabilities of RMB195 million (2019: RMB146 million) are recognised with related right-of-use assets of
   RMB188 million (2019: RMB135 million) as at 31 December 2020. The lease agreements do not impose any
   covenants other than the security interests in the leased assets that are held by the lessor. Leased assets may not
   be used as security for borrowing purposes.

   Details of the lease maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in note 38.

18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                                                          RMB million
    COST
    At 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019                                                                          5
    Transfer from property, plant and equipment                                                                 1,633
    At 31 December 2020                                                                                         1,638
    DEPRECIATION
    At 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019                                                                          1
    Provided for the year                                                                                          71
    At 31 December 2020                                                                                            72
    CARRYING VALUES
    At 31 December 2020                                                                                         1,566
    At 31 December 2019                                                                                             4


   The above investment properties are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the terms of the
   leases or 20 to 50 years.

   The investment properties shown above represent leasehold land and buildings in Hong Kong and the PRC.

   The Group leases out various offices under operating leases with rentals payable monthly. The leases typically run
   for an initial period of 1 to 21 years.

   The Group is not exposed to foreign currency risk as a result of the lease arrangements, as all leases are
   denominated in the respective functional currencies of group entities. The lease contracts do not contain residual
   value guarantee and/or lessee’s option to purchase the property at the end of lease term.

   During the year ended 31 December 2020, the group’s investment properties amounting to RMB1,633 million
   were transferred from property, plant and equipment as a result of end of owner-occupation and represent
   leasehold land and buildings in the PRC.




                                                                           Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited     147
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      18. INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
            The fair value of the Group’s investment properties at 31 December 2020 was RMB4,402 million (2019: RMB36
            million). The fair values at 31 December 2020 and 2019 have been arrived at based on valuations carried out by
            ValQuest Advisory (Hong Kong) Limited, an independent valuer not connected with the Group.

            At 31 December 2020 and 2019, the fair value of the investment properties located in Hong Kong is determined
            based on direct comparison method whereby comparison based on price information of comparable properties is
            obtained. Comparable properties of similar size, character and location are analysed and carefully weighed against
            all the respective advantages and disadvantages of each property in order to arrive at a fair comparison of capital
            values and was classified as Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

            At 31 December 2020, the valuation of the investment properties located in PRC is arrived at using income
            capitalisation method, by capitalising the estimated market rents of the property by referring to the rentals of
            comparable properties in the subject locality using appropriate capitalisation rates; and is classified as Level 3 of
            the fair value hierarchy.

                                                                                                                               Relationship of
                                 31 December   31 December                                                                     unobservable
                                        2020          2019 Valuation techniques         Unobservable inputs                    inputs to fair value        Sensitivity
                                 RMB million    RMB million
             Industrials               4,369           N/A Income capitalisation        Capitalisation rate, taking into       The higher the              A slight increase in the
               properties                                     method – the estimated      account the capitalisation of          capitalisation rate         market unit rate used
               located in the                                 market rent of the          rental income potential, nature of     used would result in a      would result in a
               PRC                                            property                    property, and prevailing market        increase in fair value.     significant increase in
                                                                                          condition of 6%                                                    fair value, vice versa


             Industrial                   33            36 Direct comparison method     Market unit rate, taking into account The higher the market        A slight increase in
               properties                                     – market unit rate          the size and location, between         unit rate, the higher       the market unit rate
               located in Hong                                                            investment properties, ranging         the fair value              used would result in
               Kong                                                                       from RMB 6,375 per sq. ft. to                                      a significant increase
                                                                                          RMB7,517 per sq. ft. (2019:                                        in fair value, and vice
                                                                                          RMB7,332 per sq. ft. to RMB8,705                                   versa
                                                                                          per sq. ft.


            In estimating the fair value of the properties, the highest and best use of the properties is their current use.

            Details of the Group’s investment properties and information about the fair value hierarchy as at 31 December
            2020 and 2019 are as follows:

                                                                                       2020                                                   2019
                                                                               Carrying          Level 3                              Carrying                         Level 3
                                                                                amount        fair value                               amount                       fair value
                                                                             RMB million    RMB million                             RMB million                   RMB million
             Completed investment properties located in
               – Hong Kong                                                                 4                          33                               4                          36
               – PRC                                                                   1,562                       4,369                               –                           –
                                                                                       1,566                       4,402                               4                          36




148   Skyworth Group Limited           Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




19. GOODWILL
                                                                                                      RMB million
    At 1 January 2019                                                                                         384
    Acquisition of a subsidiary (note 49(a))                                                                   16
    Exchange realignment                                                                                       10
    At 31 December 2019                                                                                       410
    Acquisition of a subsidiary (Note)                                                                         35
    Exchange realignment                                                                                        2
    At 31 December 2020                                                                                       447


   Note: Goodwill of RMB35 million arose from the acquisition of a subsidiary, 天津市百利溢通電泵有限公司 at cash
         consideration of RMB156 million during the year ended 31 December 2020.

                                                                                        2020               2019
                                                                                   RMB million        RMB million
    Arising from:
      – acquisition of Skyworth Digital (Note (a))                                          286               286
      – acquisition of Strong Media Group Limited
           (“Strong Media”) (Note (b))                                                       84                 84
      – others                                                                               77                 40
                                                                                            447               410


   For the purposes of impairment testing, goodwill have been allocated to individual cash-generating units
   (“CGUs”).

   During the year ended 31 December 2020, management of the Group determines that there are no impairments
   of any of its CGUs containing goodwill (2019: nil).

   The basis of the recoverable amounts of the above CGUs and their major underlying assumptions are summarised
   below:

   (a)   For the purpose of impairment testing on the goodwill arising from acquisition of Skyworth Digital for the
         operation of digital set-top boxes business for the year ended 31 December 2020, the recoverable amount
         of the CGU has been determined by the fair value less cost of disposal. The fair value less cost of disposal
         of the CGU is determined with reference to the share price of Skyworth Digital at 31 December 2020, less
         the transaction costs for disposing the shares of Skyworth Digital. For the year ended 31 December 2019,
         the recoverable amount of the CGU had been determined by value-in-use calculation. That calculation used
         cash flow projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period,
         and a pre-tax discount rate of 12.8%. Cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated with
         zero growth rate. Expected cash inflows/outflows, which included budgeted sales, gross margin and raw
         material price inflation had been determined based on past performance and management’s expectations
         for the market development. Management believed that any reasonably possible change in any of these
         assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of the CGU to exceed the aggregate recoverable amount
         of the CGU.




                                                                      Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      149
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      19. GOODWILL (Continued)
            (b)     For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill arising from acquisition of Strong Media and intangible
                    assets with indefinite useful life as disclosed in note 20(b) have been allocated to the CGU. The recoverable
                    amount of the CGU has been determined by a value-in-use calculation. That calculation uses cash flow
                    projections based on financial budgets approved by management covering a five-year period, and a pre-
                    tax discount rate of 14.30% (2019: 14.20%). Cash flows beyond the five-year period are extrapolated with
                    zero (2019: zero) growth. Expected cash inflows/outflows, which include budgeted sales, gross margin
                    and raw material price inflation, have been determined based on past performance and management’s
                    expectations for the market development. Management believes that any reasonably possible change in any
                    of these assumptions would not cause the carrying amount of the CGU to exceed the recoverable amount
                    of the CGU.

      20. INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                     Patents          Trademarks                 Total
                                                                                  RMB million          RMB million          RMB million
                                                                                    (Note (a))           (Note (b))
             COST
             At 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019                                          12                   88                 100
             Additions                                                                        1                    –                   1
             Additions through acquisition of a subsidiary                                    –                    9                   9
             At 31 December 2020                                                             13                   97                 110
             AMORTISATION
             At 1 January 2019                                                                8                    –                    8
             Charge for the year                                                              1                    –                    1
             At 31 December 2019                                                              9                    –                    9
             Charge for the year                                                              2                    –                    2
             At 31 December 2020                                                             11                    –                  11
             CARRYING VALUES
             At 31 December 2020                                                              2                   97                  99
             At 31 December 2019                                                              3                   88                  91


           Notes:


           (a)      The patents have finite useful life and are amortised at 10% to 20% on a straight-line basis.


           (b)      The above trademarks of RMB88 million were purchased as part of a business combination related to Strong Media
                    during year ended 31 March 2016 and of RMB9 million as part of another business combination during the year
                    ended 31 December 2020.


                    The trademarks have legal life ranging from 10 to 21 years but are renewable upon expiration at minimal cost.
                    The directors of the Company are of the opinion that the Group has the intention and ability to renew the
                    trademarks continuously. As a result, the trademarks are considered by the management of the Group as having
                    an indefinite useful life because it is expected to contribute to net cash inflows indefinitely. The trademarks will not
                    be amortised until their useful life are determined to be finite. Instead they will be tested for impairment annually
                    and whenever there is an indication that they may be impaired. Details of impairment testing for the trademarks
                    related to Strong Media are set out in note 19(b).




150   Skyworth Group Limited        Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




21. INTERESTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                          2020                        2019
                                                                                                     RMB million                 RMB million
    Cost of unlisted investments                                                                                   149                       160
    Share of post-acquisition profits and other
      comprehensive income, net of dividends received                                                               48                         36
                                                                                                                   197                       196


   The following set out the particulars of the associates of the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 which, in
   the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or net assets of the Group.

                        Form of                Place of
                        business               registration    Paid up                   Effective interest
    Name of associate   structure              and operation   registered capital        held by the Group         Principal business
                                                                                           As at           As at
                                                                                    31 December     31 December
                                                                                           2020            2019
    江蘇達創電器有限公司          Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB10,000,000               34%             34%       Manufacturing and sales of
                                                                                                                       consumer electronic products

    北京新七天電子商務           Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB37,000,000               25%             25%       Provision of technological and
     技術股份有限公司                                                                                                           network promotion services
                                                                                                                        and sales of consumer
                                                                                                                        electronic products

    天津光電通信技術            Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB108,640,824              35%             49%       Manufacturing and sales
     有限公司                                                                                                              of electronic and
                                                                                                                       telecommunication products


   All of these associates are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements. The
   Group considers none of its associates is individually material. The aggregate information of associates that are
   not individually material are as follows:

                                                                                                          2020                        2019
                                                                                                     RMB million                 RMB million
    The Group’s share of profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                         15                         21


                                                                                                          2020                        2019
                                                                                                     RMB million                 RMB million
    Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s interests in these associates                                         197                       196




                                                                                    Annual Report 2020             Skyworth Group Limited             151
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      22. INTERESTS IN JOINT VENTURES
                                                                                                                      2020                         2019
                                                                                                                 RMB million                  RMB million
             Cost of unlisted investment                                                                                        60                          62
             Share of post-acquisition losses and other comprehensive
               expense, net of dividends received                                                                              (43)                         (43)
                                                                                                                                17                          19


            The following set out the particulars of the joint ventures of the Group as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 which,
            in the opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or net assets of the Group.

                                     Form of                Place of
                                     business               registration    Paid up                   Effective interest
             Name of joint venture   structure              and operation   registered capital        held by the Group        Principal business
                                                                                                        As at          As at
                                                                                                 31 December    31 December
                                                                                                        2020           2019
             廣州新視界光電科技               Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB33,583,664               36%            36%       Provision of research and
              有限公司                                                                                                                  development, lease and
                                                                                                                                    consultation service of
                                                                                                                                    mechanical and electronics
                                                                                                                                    products

             廣東創華投資有限公司              Equity joint venture   PRC             RMB25,000,000               40%            40%       Provision of investment
                                                                                                                                    consultation services


            The joint ventures are accounted for using the equity method in these consolidated financial statements. The
            Group considers none of its joint venture is individually material. The aggregate information of joint ventures that
            are not individually material is as follows:

                                                                                                                      2020                         2019
                                                                                                                 RMB million                  RMB million
             The Group’s share of profit and total comprehensive income for the year                                              –                           5




152   Skyworth Group Limited          Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




23. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL/EQUITY INSTRUMENTS AT FVTOCI
                                                                                           2020                 2019
                                                                                      RMB million          RMB million
    Financial assets at FVTPL

    Unlisted equity securities, at fair values
      – in the PRC                                                                            1,076                612
    Listed equity securities, at fair values
       – in Hong Kong                                                                             –                 12
       – in the PRC                                                                             396                381
                                                                                                396                393
    Unlisted securities, at fair values
      – Investment funds                                                                        167                  50
                                                                                              1,639              1,055
    Analysed for reporting purpose as
      Non-current assets                                                                      1,032              1,005
      Current assets                                                                            607                 50
                                                                                              1,639              1,055
    Equity instruments at FVTOCI

    Unlisted equity securities, at fair values
      – in the PRC (Note)                                                                     1,088              1,402
    Listed equity securities, at fair values
       – in Hong Kong (Note)                                                                    128                121
                                                                                              1,216              1,523
    Analysed for reporting purpose as
      Non-current assets                                                                      1,216              1,523


   Note: The above unlisted and listed equity investments represent the Group’s equity interests in private entities
        established in the PRC and one entity listed in Hong Kong. The directors of the Company have elected to designate
        these investments in equity instruments as at FVTOCI as they believe that recognising short-term fluctuations in
        these investments’ fair value in profit or loss would not be consistent with the Group’s strategy of holding these
        investments for long-term purposes and realising their performance potential in the long run.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       153
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      24. FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES
            As at 31 December 2020, the Group entered into finance lease contacts with aggregate principal amount of
            RMB128 million (2019: RMB130 million) to lease out certain plant and machinery of the Group. All interest rate
            inherent in the lease are fixed at the contract date over the lease terms.

                                                                    Minimum                         Present value of
                                                                lease payments                  minimum lease payments
                                                                  2020           2019                 2020            2019
                                                            RMB million     RMB million        RMB million       RMB million
                Finance lease receivables comprise:
                Within one year                                     127               125              127              125
                Over one year but less than two years                 1                 6                1                5
                Less: unearned finance income                         –*               (1)             N/A              N/A
                Present value of minimum lease payment
                  receivables                                       128               130              128              130


            *       less than RMB1 million

            Effective interest rate of the above finance lease is 9.02% (2019: 9.02%) per annum.

            Included in the carrying amount of finance lease receivables as at 31 December 2020 is accumulated impairment
            loss of RMB5 million (2019: RMB12 million). During the year ended 31 December 2020, impairment loss of RMB7
            million was reversed (2019: impairment loss of RMB3 million was provided).

            Finance lease receivables are secured over the plant and machinery leased. The Group is not permitted to sell or
            repledge the collateral in the absence of default by the lessee. However, in the event of default, the Group is
            entitled to sell the asset, and has rights to any proceeds from such a sale up to the total amount receivable from
            the lessee.

            Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 54(b).




154   Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




25. LOAN RECEIVABLES
                                                                                        2020                2019
                                                                                   RMB million         RMB million
    Fixed-rate loan receivables
       Secured                                                                              1,625            1,828
       Unsecured                                                                               88              297
                                                                                            1,713            2,125
    Analysed for reporting purpose as
      Non-current assets                                                                      598              585
      Current assets                                                                        1,115            1,540
                                                                                            1,713            2,125


   Included in the carrying amount of loan receivables as at 31 December 2020 is allowance for credit losses of
   RMB134 million (2019: RMB310 million). Details of the impairment assessment are set out in note 54(b).

   As at 31 December 2020, loan receivables of RMB196 million (2019: RMB454 million) are advanced by
   subsidiaries with principal activity of loan financing, in which the corresponding interest income is included
   as revenue. The remaining balances of RMB1,517 million (2019: RMB1,671 million) are advanced by other
   subsidiaries, the related interest income is included as other income.

   Included in the loan receivables as at 31 December 2019 amounting to RMB258 million (net of allowance for
   credit losses of RMB42 million)) was a loan advanced to a company for which the Group has 20% equity interest.
   The directors of the Company consider that the Group does not have significant influence over that investee
   company because the Group does not have the power to participate in the financial and operating policy decision
   of that investee company, accordingly, such investment is classified as “equity instruments at FVTOCI”. During the
   year ended 31 December 2020, the amount is fully settled and reversal of allowance for credit losses of RMB42
   million is recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income.

   As at 31 December 2020, included in the Group’s loan receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
   amount of RMB20 million (2019: RMB145 million) which has been past due 90 days or more as at the reporting
   date and are secured by properties. The directors of the Company consider credit risks have increased significantly
   and those with evidence indicating that these debtors are in severe financial difficulties and are considered as
   credit-impaired.

   Included in the Group’s loan receivables balance with aggregate carrying amount of RMB1,625 million (2019:
   RMB1,828 million) are secured by borrowers’ charges over equity instruments, trade receivables, properties, right-
   of-use assets and plant and machineries.

   Included in the carrying amount of loan receivables as at 31 December 2020 is an amount of RMB160 million
   (2019: RMB261 million) due from a related party controlled by a substantial shareholder of the Company which is
   secured by equipment and motor vehicles of the said party and guaranteed by the said substantial shareholder of
   the Company, interest bearing at 8% per annum and repayable in instalments up to 25 April 2022. The interest
   income during the year is RMB18 million (2019: RMB16 million).




                                                                       Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited      155
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      25. LOAN RECEIVABLES (Continued)
            Included in the carrying amounts of loan receivables as at 31 December 2020 of RMB415 million (2019: RMB465
            million) due from third parties and are secured by motor vehicles of these third parties and guaranteed by a
            substantial shareholder of the Company in respect of amounts owed to the Group, interest-bearing at 8% per
            annum and repayable in instalments up to final maturity dates ranging from 28 March 2022 to 4 July 2022.

            The exposure of the Group’s fixed-rate loan receivables to interest rate risks and their contractual maturity dates
            are as follows:

                                                                                                  2020                 2019
                                                                                             RMB million          RMB million
             Fixed-rate loan receivables:
                Within one year                                                                      1,115              1,540
                More than one year but not more than two years                                         197                200
                More than two years but not more than five years                                       401                385
                                                                                                     1,713              2,125


            The ranges of effective interest rates (which are equal to contractual interest rates) on the Group’s loan
            receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                  2020                   2019
             Effective interest rate:
               Fixed-rate loan receivables                                             3.90%-12.00%           4.50%-12.00%


      26. DEFERRED TAXATION
            For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
            and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
            purposes:

                                                                                                  2020                 2019
                                                                                             RMB million          RMB million
             Deferred tax assets                                                                      (498)              (500)
             Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  120                262
                                                                                                      (378)              (238)


            Deferred tax assets mainly include deductible temporary difference arising from accrued sales rebate of RMB108
            million (2019: RMB117 million), provision of ECL on financial assets of RMB121 million (2019: RMB112 million),
            provision of write-down of inventories of RMB44 million (2019: RMB37 million), deferred income of RMB26
            million (2019: RMB46 million), provision for warranty of RMB35 million (2019: RMB33 million) and tax losses
            of RMB126 million (2019: RMB101 million). Deferred tax liabilities mainly include taxable temporary difference
            arising from fair value adjustments on financial assets at FVTPL, financial assets at FVTOCI and trade receivables at
            FVTOCI in aggregate amount of RMB103 million (2019: RMB209 million).




156   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




27. INVENTORIES
                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                RMB million         RMB million
    Raw materials                                                                        2,247            1,692
    Work in progress                                                                       234              260
    Finished goods                                                                       3,523            2,957
                                                                                         6,004            4,909


28. STOCK OF PROPERTIES
                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                RMB million         RMB million
    Under development                                                                    4,208            4,100
    Completed                                                                              837               71
                                                                                         5,045            4,171


   Included in the stock of properties under development is amount of RMB2,888 million (2019: RMB4,006 million)
   which is not expected to be substantially realised within one year from the end of the reporting period. Sales
   deposits of RMB1,906 million (2019: RMB841 million) received from purchasers at the end of the reporting period
   are included in contract liabilities as disclosed in note 39.

   Analysis of leasehold lands:

                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                RMB million         RMB million
    As at 1 January
    Carrying amount                                                                      3,655              515
    As at 31 December
    Carrying amount                                                                      3,555            3,655
    For the year ended 31 December
    Total cash outflow                                                                    123             3,140
    Additions                                                                             123             3,140


   The carrying amount of leasehold lands is measured at cost less any accumulated depreciation and any
   impairment losses. The residual values are determined as the estimated disposal value of the leasehold land
   component. No depreciation charge is made on the leasehold lands during the year taking into account the
   estimated residual values as at the end of the reporting period.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited     157
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      29. INVESTMENTS IN DEBT SECURITIES
                                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                                           RMB million        RMB million
             Debt securities
               – in the PRC                                                                            –                83


            At 31 December 2019, the Group’s investments in debt securities represented unlisted debt securities that carried
            fixed interest at 3.45% to 9.00% per annum. None of these assets had been past due at the end of the reporting
            period. The maturity profile of the debt securities at 31 December 2019 categorised by the remaining period from
            the end of the reporting period to the contractual maturity date was less than three months.

            Details of impairment assessment were set out in note 54(b).

      30. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND TRADE RECEIVABLES AT FVTOCI
                                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                                           RMB million        RMB million
             Trade receivables at amortised cost
               – goods and services                                                               9,031              9,727
               – lease receivables                                                                  119                101
                                                                                                  9,150              9,828
             Less: allowance for credit losses                                                     (388)              (398)
                                                                                                  8,762              9,430
             Bills receivables                                                                    4,565              4,835
             Less: allowance for credit losses                                                      (76)                 –
                                                                                                  4,489              4,835
                                                                                                 13,251            14,265


            As at 1 January 2019, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB9,474 million.

                                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                                           RMB million        RMB million
             Trade receivables at FVTOCI
               – goods and services                                                                 400                  –


            The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables at amortised cost and trade receivables at FVTOCI, net of
            allowance for credit losses, presented based on the invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                                           RMB million        RMB million
             Within 30 days                                                                       4,718              4,386
             31 to 60 days                                                                        2,038              1,329
             61 to 90 days                                                                          746                889
             91 to 180 days                                                                         804              1,252
             181 to 270 days                                                                        285                506
             271 to 365 days                                                                        145                383
             Over 365 days                                                                          426                685
             Trade receivables                                                                    9,162              9,430



158   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




30. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND TRADE RECEIVABLES AT FVTOCI
   (Continued)

   As at 31 December 2020, included in the Group’s trade receivables are amounts due from associates of RMB107
   million (2019: RMB220 million). The credit period is 45 days. The following is an aged analysis presented based on
   the invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million
    Within 30 days                                                                              55                183
    31 to 60 days                                                                               52                 25
    181 to 270 days                                                                              –                  1
    271 to 365 days                                                                              –                  4
    Over 365 days                                                                                –                  7
                                                                                               107                220


   As at 31 December 2020, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
   amount of RMB1,403 million (2019: RMB2,229 million) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of
   the past due balances, RMB452 million (2019: RMB1,094 million) has been past due 90 days or more and is
   not considered as in default based on historical experience. The Group does not hold any collateral over these
   balances.

   For customers who used bills to settle their trade receivables upon the expiry of the initial credit period, the
   ageing analysis of bills receivables at the end of the reporting period was presented based on the date of issuance
   of the bills. The dates of issuance of all bills receivables are within one year at the end of the reporting period.

   The maturity dates of bills receivables at the end of the reporting period are analysed as follows:

                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million
    Within 30 days                                                                             636                419
    31 to 60 days                                                                              637                558
    61 to 90 days                                                                            1,107                946
    91 days or over                                                                          1,389              2,226
    Bills discounted to banks and endorsed to suppliers with recourse                          720                686
                                                                                             4,489              4,835


   The carrying values of the above bills discounted to banks with recourse continue to be recognised as assets in
   the consolidated financial statements as the Group has not transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of
   ownership of the bills receivables taking into account the credit rating of the issuers of the bills. Accordingly, the
   liabilities associated with such bills, mainly bank borrowings as disclosed in notes 41 and 46, are recognised in the
   consolidated financial statements as well.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       159
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      30. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES AND TRADE RECEIVABLES AT FVTOCI
            (Continued)

            As at 31 December 2020, total bills received amounting to RMB30 million (2019: RMB84 million), were endorsed
            to suppliers of the Group with recourse by the Group. The Group continues to recognise their full carrying
            amounts at the end of each reporting period and details are disclosed in note 46.

            The maturity dates of bills discounted to banks and endorsed to suppliers with recourse are within one year at the
            end of the reporting period.

            All bills receivables at the end of the reporting period are not yet due.

            Details of impairment assessment of trade receivables are set out in note 54(b).

      31. OTHER RECEIVABLES, DEPOSITS AND PREPAYMENTS
            Other receivables, deposits and prepayments are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                    2020            2019
                                                                                               RMB million     RMB million
             Other deposits paid and prepayments                                                       282             375
             Consideration receivable (note 49(c))                                                     366               –
             Other receivables                                                                         629             613
             Purchase deposits paid for materials                                                      431             472
             Rental deposits paid                                                                       21              12
             VAT receivables                                                                         1,161             573
                                                                                                     2,890           2,045


            Details of impairment assessment of other receivables are set out in note 54(b).

      32. PLEDGED BANK DEPOSITS, RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS, AND BANK
          BALANCES AND CASH
            Bank balances and cash comprise cash held by the Group and short-term bank deposits with an original maturity
            of three months or less, which carry interest at variable market rates ranging from 0.01% to 3.00% per annum
            (2019: 0.01% to 2.40% per annum).

            Pledged bank deposits are pledged to secure the short term bank borrowings, which carry interest at market rates
            ranging from 0.30% to 1.85% per annum (2019: 0.30% to 1.95% per annum).

            Restricted bank deposits represent reserve deposits a finance company of the Group placed with the PBOC. The
            balances of the reserve deposits were calculated at certain percentage of qualified deposits placed by customers
            to the finance company of the Group as determined by the PBOC against unexpected events such as unusually
            large net withdrawal by customers. These reserve deposits are required by local regulation and not available for
            the Group’s daily operations.

            Details of impairment assessment are set out in note 54(b).




160   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




33. ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE/LIABILITIES ASSOCIATED WITH
    ASSETS CLASSIFIED AS HELD FOR SALE
   On 29 December 2020, Shenzhen Skyworth Digital Technology Co., Ltd. (“Shenzhen Skyworth Digital”), a non-
   wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a sale and purchase agreement with an independent third
   party, pursuant to which Shenzhen Skyworth Digital agreed to dispose of 55% equity interest of 深圳寶龍群欣科
   技有限公司 at a cash consideration of RMB166 million. The disposal has not completed as of the date of approval
   of these consolidated financial statements.

   The major classes of assets and liabilities of the subsidiary classified as held-for-sale are as follows:

                                                                                                                2020
                                                                                                           RMB million
    Property, plant and equipment                                                                                  61
    Deferred tax assets                                                                                             7
    Inventories                                                                                                    13
    Trade and bills receivables                                                                                    37
    Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                                                     8
    Bank balances and cash                                                                                         74
    Total assets classified as held for sale                                                                      200
    Trade and bills payable                                                                                        (18)
    Other payables                                                                                                 (38)
    Contract liabilities                                                                                           (13)
    Tax payable                                                                                                     (2)
    Deferred income                                                                                                (13)
    Total liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale                                           (84)




                                                                           Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited   161
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      34. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
                                                                                                     2020                 2019
                                                                                                RMB million          RMB million
             Trade payables (Note)                                                                      9,084               6,559
             Bills payables                                                                             2,815               3,500
                                                                                                       11,899              10,059


           Note: As at 31 December 2020, included in the balance of trade payables was RMB30 million (2019: RMB84 million),
                 which had been settled by endorsed bills for which the maturity dates of the relevant bills receivables have not yet
                 fallen due as at the end of each reporting period (see note 46).

            The following is an aged analysis of trade payables based on invoice date at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                     2020                 2019
                                                                                                RMB million          RMB million
             Within 30 days                                                                             4,858               3,291
             31 to 60 days                                                                              2,228               1,664
             61 to 90 days                                                                                879               1,012
             91 days or over                                                                            1,119                 592
                                                                                                        9,084               6,559


            The credit periods of trade payables ranged from 30 days to 90 days.

            The maturity dates of bills payables at the end of the reporting period are analysed as follows:

                                                                                                     2020                 2019
                                                                                                RMB million          RMB million
             Within 30 days                                                                               513                 622
             31 to 60 days                                                                                560                 784
             61 to 90 days                                                                                485                 549
             91 days or over                                                                            1,257               1,545
                                                                                                        2,815               3,500




162   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




35. OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                              2020               2019
                                                                                         RMB million        RMB million
     Accruals and other payables                                                                 1,566            1,279
     Accrued staff costs                                                                           893              729
     Accrued selling and distribution expenses                                                     265              203
     Amounts received for restricted share incentive scheme of
        a subsidiary (note 48(iii))                                                                  1               84
     Customer deposits (Note (a))                                                                   29               29
     Interest payables on corporate bonds                                                           46               39
     Interest payables on convertible bonds                                                          4                3
     Other deposits received                                                                       403              407
     Payables for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                        284              218
     Provision for rebates (Note (b))                                                            1,031            1,147
     Rental deposits received                                                                       88               74
     VAT payable                                                                                    62               52
                                                                                                 4,672            4,264


   Notes:


   (a)      The customer deposits bear interest at 0.35% per annum (2019: 0.35% per annum) which are repayable on
            demand.


            As at 31 December 2020, RMB21 million (2019: RMB13 million) of the customer deposits is placed by associates
            which bear interest at 0.35% per annum (2019: 0.35% per annum) and is repayable on demand.


   (b)      The amounts represent outstanding rebates in relation to the goods sold to certain customers.




                                                                            Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited   163
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      36. OTHER FINANCIAL LIABILITIES
                                                                                                           2020                   2019
                                                                                                      RMB million            RMB million
             Advance from a third party (Note (a))                                                               199                  187
             Interest-free loan received from government (Note (b))                                               98                   98
                                                                                                                 297                  285
             Analysed for reporting purpose as
               Current liabilities                                                                               199                    –
               Non-current liabilities                                                                            98                  285
                                                                                                                 297                  285


           Notes:


           (a)      During the year ended 31 March 2017, Shenzhen Chuangwei-RGB Electronics Co., Ltd. (“RGB”), an indirect-
                    wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agreement with 北京愛奇藝科技有限公司 (“iQIYI”),
                    a third party not connected to the Group, for a RMB150 million capital injection. Pursuant to the agreement,
                    Shenzhen Coocaa Network Technology Company Limited (“Shenzhen Coocaa”), an indirect non-wholly owned
                    subsidiary of the Company, received the first capital injection of RMB100 million from iQIYI on 2 December 2016.
                    During the year ended 31 March 2018, Shenzhen Coocaa received the second capital injection of RMB50 million
                    from iQIYI.


                    Based on the terms of the agreement, RGB and iQIYI agreed that if the shares of Shenzhen Coocaa are not listed
                    on any stock exchange within 60 months after 2 December 2016, and the market value of Shenzhen Coocaa
                    is less than RMB3 billion before listing, iQIYI can require RGB to transfer its investments in Shenzhen Coocaa
                    to equivalent value of investments in Skyworth Digital (i.e. RMB150 million), or require RGB to buy back its
                    investment in Shenzhen Coocaa at the original consideration paid plus interest of 8% per annum at the end of
                    60 months. As the Group cannot unconditionally avoid the delivery of cash or other financial assets to fulfil the
                    contractual obligations, the capital injection received is recognised as a financial liability. Imputed interest expenses
                    of RMB12 million (2019: RMB14 million) has been recognised in respect of this financial liability during the year
                    ended 31 December 2020.


           (b)      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group entered into an interest-free loan agreement with the
                    county government of Quanjiao（全椒縣人民政府）, Anhui Province, the PRC, amounted to a total of RMB500
                    million in supporting the Group’s certain capital investments in the Quanjiao County. According to the agreement,
                    a branch of the county government of Quanjiao shall make advances to the Group in stages that is in line with
                    various investment milestones to be achieved by the Group. An amount of RMB98 million has been received by the
                    Group during the year ended 31 December 2019 and the amount is payable within three years from the date of
                    receipt. In the opinion of the directors, the difference between proceeds received and the fair value of the loan is
                    insignificant.




164   Skyworth Group Limited         Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020




37. DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                      2020               2019
                                                                                 RMB million        RMB million
    Derivative financial instruments are analysed as:
      Assets:
      Foreign currency forward contracts                                                    (9)               –
      Liabilities:
      Foreign currency forward contracts                                                    79                4
      Interest rate swap contracts                                                           2                –
      Cross currency swap contract                                                          28                –
      Derivative component of convertible bonds (note 43)                                   19              276
                                                                                           128              280
                                                                                           119              280
    Analysed for reporting purpose as
      Current assets                                                                        (9)               –
      Current liabilities                                                                   25                4
      Non-current liabilities                                                              103              276
                                                                                           119              280



                                                                                      2020               2019
                                                                                 RMB million        RMB million
    Loss from changes in fair value of derivative financial instruments:
      Foreign currency forward contracts                                                   (67)              (1)
      Interest rate swap contracts                                                          (2)               –
      Cross currency swap contracts                                                        (28)               –
    Gain (loss) on derivative component of convertible bonds (note 43)                     241             (136)
                                                                                           144             (137)




                                                                      Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited    165
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      38. LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                              RMB million           RMB million
             Within one year                                                                              54                 34
             Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                            54                 32
             Within a period of more than two years but not more than five years                          84                 78
             Within a period of more than five years                                                       3                  2
                                                                                                         195                146
             Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown
                     under current liabilities                                                            (54)              (34)
             Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
              non-current liabilities                                                                    141                112


            The weighted average incremental borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 2% to 6% (2019: 2% to
            6%).

            Lease obligations that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the relevant group
            entities are set out below:

                                                                                                                   Great British
                                                                                  EUR                ZAR         Pound (“GBP”)
                                                                            RMB million        RMB million          RMB million
             As at 31 December 2020                                                    4                  14                  1
             As at 31 December 2019                                                  12                   10                  2


      39. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                   2020                  2019
                                                                                              RMB million           RMB million
             Deposits received for sales of goods                                                       1,201             1,110
             Deposits received for sales of properties                                                  1,906               841
                                                                                                        3,107             1,951


            Movements in contract liabilities:

                                                                                                                    RMB million
             At 1 January 2019                                                                                            1,443
             Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year that
               was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                                     (1,193)
             Increase in contract liabilities as a result of receiving deposits from the customers                        1,701
             At 31 December 2019                                                                                          1,951
             Decrease in contract liabilities as a result of recognising revenue during the year that
               was included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the year                                     (1,483)
             Increase in contract liabilities as a result of receiving deposits from the customers                        2,603
             Acquisition of a subsidiary                                                                                     50
             Transfer to assets classified as held for sale                                                                 (13)
             Disposal of a subsidiary (note 49(b))                                                                           (1)
             At 31 December 2020                                                                                          3,107




166   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




39. CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
   The Group receives not less than 30% of the contract value as deposits from customers for the sales of properties
   when they sign the sale and purchase agreements and the remaining of the contract value is paid before the
   completion of the sales of the properties. The deposits and advance payment schemes result in contract liabilities
   being recognised until the customers obtain control of the properties.

   When the Group receives deposits from customers for the sales of goods, this will give rise to contract liabilities at
   the start of a contract, until the revenue recognised on the relevant contract exceeds the amount of the deposits.
   The Group receives 10% to 100% deposit on acceptance of orders from certain customers.

   The increase in contract liabilities is mainly due to increase in deposits received from customers for the sales of
   properties and the relevant properties are still under construction as at 31 December 2020.

40. PROVISION FOR WARRANTY
                                                                                                          RMB million
    At 1 January 2019                                                                                             223
    Additional provision                                                                                          216
    Utilised                                                                                                     (167)
    At 31 December 2019                                                                                           272
    Additional provision                                                                                          272
    Utilised                                                                                                     (239)
    Exchange realignment                                                                                           (3)
    At 31 December 2020                                                                                           302


                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million
    Analysed for reporting purposes as:
      Current liabilities                                                                      205                181
      Non-current liabilities                                                                   97                 91
                                                                                               302                272


   The Group provides one to five years product warranty to its customers depending on the product type, under
   which faulty products are repaired or replaced. The estimate of the provision for the warranty is based on sales
   volumes and past experience of the level of repairs and returns. The estimation is reviewed on an ongoing basis
   and revised by reference to the current defective rate of products sold.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       167
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      41. BANK BORROWINGS
            Bank borrowings comprise the following:

                                                                                                 2020                2019
                                                                                            RMB million         RMB million
             Financial liabilities on bills discounted with recourse                                 720                 686
             Other bank borrowings                                                                10,667               7,491
                                                                                                  11,387               8,177
             Secured                                                                               4,906               2,003
             Unsecured                                                                             6,481               6,174
                                                                                                  11,387               8,177
             Carrying amount of bank borrowings repayable based on
               scheduled repayment dates set out in the loan agreements:
               Within one year                                                                     7,401               7,135
               More than one year but not more than two years                                      1,121                  28
               More than two years but not exceeding five years                                    1,822               1,014
               Over five years                                                                     1,043                   –
                                                                                                  11,387                8,177
             Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                    (7,401)              (7,135)
             Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                           3,986               1,042


            Included in the balance as at 31 December 2020 are fixed-rate bank borrowings of RMB6,696 million (2019:
            RMB3,842 million) which carry interest at rates ranging from 0.50% to 6.25% per annum (2019: 0.81% to
            5.75% per annum).

            All other bank borrowings are carried interest at variable market interest rates, which are based on Euro Interbank
            Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”), LIBOR or LPR plus a specific margin, ranging from 0.71% to 5.46% per annum (2019:
            0.50% to 5.60% per annum).

            As at the 31 December 2020, the Group had foreign currencies denominated bank borrowings of US$582 million
            (equivalent to RMB3,798 million) (2019: US$413 million (equivalent to RMB2,879 million)) and EUR14 million
            (equivalent to RMB115 million) (2019: EUR19 million (equivalent to RMB148 million).

            All other bank borrowings are denominated in the respective functional currencies of the group entities.




168   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




42. DEFERRED INCOME
                                                                                         2020                 2019
                                                                                    RMB million          RMB million
    Deferred income                                                                           450                596
    Less: Amount to be recognised as income within one year
            included in current liabilities                                                  (180)              (170)
    Amount to be recognised as income after one year                                          270                426


   Deferred income consists of government grants provided by the relevant PRC government authorities for the
   purposes of financing the purchase of plant and machinery and the related expenses to be incurred for the
   development of new products or technology and relates to certain current assets. The amounts are recognised
   as income to match with related expenses or on systematic basis over the useful life of the relevant assets upon
   completing inspection by the related government authorities. The policy has resulted in a credit to profit or loss of
   RMB502 million (2019: RMB372 million) during the year ended 31 December 2020.

43. CONVERTIBLE BONDS
   On 15 April 2019, Skyworth Digital issued 10,400,000 unsecured convertible bonds at a par value of RMB100
   each, which are listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange. The convertible bonds are interest bearing at 0.40%,
   0.60%, 1.00%, 1.50%, 1.80% and 2.00% per annum for the first, second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth year per
   annum respectively with a maturity date on the sixth anniversary on the date of their issue (i.e. 15 April 2025)
   and entitle the holders to convert them, in whole or in part, into ordinary shares of Skyworth Digital at an initial
   conversion price of RMB11.56 per share (subject to anti-dilutive provision) at any time from the first trading day
   immediately after the expiry of six months from the date of issuance of the convertible bonds until maturity date.
   The conversion price shall be adjusted if (i) Skyworth Digital resolved to issue bonus shares, increased its share
   capital, placing or issue of new shares (other than issue of conversion shares) or the distribution of cash dividends
   or (ii) subject to the approval by a two-third majority of the shareholders of Skyworth Digital present at a general
   meeting, the conversion price may be adjusted downwards if the closing price of the A-shares of Skyworth Digital
   as quoted on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for at least 10 trading days during a consecutive period of 20 trading
   days are less than 90% of the prevailing conversion price at that time. Interest will be paid annually up until
   settlement date. The redemption price will be par value of the convertible bonds and the interest for that period.

   Skyworth Digital has the right to redeem all or part of the convertible bonds at any time during the conversion
   period if the closing prices of Skyworth Digital as quoted on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange for any 15 trading
   days in a consecutive period of 30 trading days are higher than or equal to 130% of the conversion price at the
   time or the outstanding amount of the convertible bonds is less than RMB30 million. The bondholders shall have
   the right to request for Skyworth Digital to repurchase all or any part of the outstanding convertible bonds at the
   face value together with the coupon rate due for that period if the closing price of Skyworth Digital as quoted on
   the Shenzhen Stock Exchange is less than 70% of the conversion price at the time for any 30 consecutive trading
   days during the fifth and sixth year or there is any substantial change to the use of proceeds from the issue of the
   convertible bonds.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited       169
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      43. CONVERTIBLE BONDS (Continued)
            The convertible bonds contain two components, debt component and derivative (including conversion and early
            redemption options) components. The effective interest rate of the debt component is 5.62%. The derivative
            component is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in profit or loss. At initial recognition,
            both the debt component and derivative component are recognised at fair value and the fair value of the debt
            component and derivative component is RMB891 million and RMB140 million respectively, measured at market
            price netted of transaction costs.

            The movements of the convertible bonds and derivative financial instruments for the year are set out as below:

                                                                                                                  Derivative
                                                                                             Convertible            financial
                                                                                                 bonds          instruments
                                                                                             RMB million         RMB million
             At 1 January 2019                                                                          –                  –
             Issued during the year, net of transaction costs                                         891                140
             Interest on convertible bond                                                              36                  –
             Less: included as interest payable on convertible bonds                                   (3)                 –
             Fair value change                                                                          –                136
             At 31 December 2019                                                                      924                 276
             Conversion                                                                               (56)                (16)
             Interest on convertible bond                                                              49                   –
             Less: included as interest payable on convertible bonds                                   (4)                  –
             Fair value change                                                                          –                (241)
             At 31 December 2020                                                                      913                  19




170   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




44. CORPORATE BONDS
                                                                                                    RMB million
    At 1 January 2019                                                                                     1,990
    Interest on corporate bonds                                                                             111
    Interest paid                                                                                          (108)
    Increase in interest payable on corporate bonds                                                          (3)
    At 31 December 2019                                                                                   1,990
    Repayment                                                                                            (1,913)
    Issued during the year, net of transaction costs                                                        797
    Interest on corporate bonds                                                                             115
    Interest paid                                                                                          (108)
    Increase in interest payable on corporate bonds                                                          (7)
    At 31 December 2020                                                                                     874


                                                                                     2020                2019
                                                                                RMB million         RMB million
    Analysed for reporting purposes as:
      Current liabilities                                                                  –              1,990
      Non-current liabilities                                                            874                  –
                                                                                         874              1,990


   On 15 September 2017, the Company issued secured corporate bonds with principal value of RMB2,000 million.
   The corporate bonds bear interest at 5.4% per annum and fall due on 14 September 2022. The Company
   adjusted the coupon rate of the corporate bonds to 4.85% per annum on 27 August 2020. Pursuant to the terms
   of the subscription agreement of the corporate bond, the Group has the right to adjust the coupon rate and
   the bond holders have the right to put the bond back to the Group on 15 September 2020. The management
   considers the fair value of these options are insignificant. The corporate bonds are subsequently measured at
   amortised cost, using effective interest rate of 5.0% (2019: 5.5%). As at 31 December 2019, the carrying amount
   of the corporate bonds was RMB1,990 million. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group repaid
   corporate bonds of RMB1,913 million and the remaining balance of RMB77 million is classified as non-current
   liabilities.

   On 31 December 2019, Skyworth Group Co., Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, launched a
   programme pursuant to which unsecured corporate bonds up to a maximum amount of RMB4,000 million might
   be issued. Any corporate bonds issued under the programme bear fixed interest at 5.5% per annum and fall due
   on 16 March 2023. Pursuant to the programme, corporate bonds of no more than the maximum amount may
   be issued from time to time. During the year ended 31 December 2020, RMB797 million (net of transaction costs
   of RMB3 million) of corporate bonds were issued. The corporate bonds are subsequently measured at amortised
   cost, using effective interest rate of 5.7%.




                                                                    Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited      171
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      45. SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                         Number of
                                                                                            shares            Share capital
                                                                                                                RMB million
             Ordinary shares of HK$0.1 each

             Authorised:
               At 1 January 2019, 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020              10,000,000,000                   1,063
             Issued and fully paid:
                At 1 January 2019 and 31 December 2019                                3,060,929,420                     308
                Purchase of own shares for cancellation (Note)                         (392,800,000)                    (35)
             At 31 December 2020                                                      2,668,129,420                     273


           Note:    On 17 June 2020, the Group made an offer to buy back for cancellation up to 392,800,000 shares at the price
                    of HK$2.80 per share (the “Offer”). On 14 September 2020, the Offer was completed and 392,800,000 shares
                    bought-back by the Company were cancelled. The consideration amounting to RMB967 million was paid in
                    cash and was funded by internal resources of the Group.

            Details of the movements of share options during the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are set out in
            note 47.




172   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
            Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




46. TRANSFERRED FINANCIAL ASSETS
   The following were the Group’s bills receivables, that were transferred to banks or suppliers by discounting or
   endorsing those receivables on a full recourse basis. Since the substantial risks and rewards of the ownership of
   the bills receivables have not been transferred taking into account the credit quality of the issuing counterparties,
   the Group continues to recognise the full carrying amount of those discounted receivables and has recognised
   the associated liabilities as bank borrowings as disclosed in note 41 or it continues to recognise the full carrying
   amount of the bills receivables and the full carrying amount of the trade payables (see note 34) for endorsed bills
   receivables.

   These bills receivables and associated liabilities are carried at amortised cost in the Group’s consolidated statement
   of financial position. The directors consider that the carrying amounts of such bills receivables and associated
   liabilities recorded at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

                                                             2020                                    2019
                                                         Bills               Bills                Bills               Bills
                                                    endorsed          discounted             endorsed         discounted
                                                 to suppliers            to banks         to suppliers           to banks
                                                with recourse       with recourse        with recourse      with recourse
                                                 RMB million         RMB million          RMB million        RMB million
    Carrying amount of transferred assets                   30                720                   84                686
    Carrying amount of associated liabilities              (30)              (720)                 (84)              (686)
    Net position                                             –                  –                    –                   –


   All the bills receivables discounted to banks and endorsed to suppliers have maturity dates of less than one year
   from the end of the respective reporting period.

   No gain or loss was recognised at the date of transfer of the assets.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020      Skyworth Group Limited       173
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      47. SHARE OPTIONS
            The existing Share Option Scheme (the “2014 Share Option Scheme”) was approved by the shareholders at its
            2014 Annual General Meeting held on 20 August 2014 for the purpose of providing incentives to directors,
            eligible employees and selected eligible persons. Under the 2014 Share Option Scheme, the directors of the
            Company may grant options to eligible person, including any directors, whether executive or non-executive
            (including any independent non-executive directors), and any employees, whether full time or part time, of any
            members of the Group.

            Under the 2014 Share Option Scheme, options granted must be taken up within a period of 30 days from the
            date of grant, upon payment of HK$1 per grant. Options may be exercised in portions and in the exercisable
            period determined by the directors of the Company at the date of grant. All of the options, if not otherwise
            exercised, amended or cancelled, lapsed on 20 August 2024 under the 2014 Share Option Scheme.

            Each grant of an option to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company (or any of their
            respective associates) must be approved by the independent non-executive directors, excluding any independent
            non-executive director who is the grantee of the option.

            Under the 2014 Share Option Scheme, the maximum number of shares issuable upon exercise of all options
            to be granted under the aforesaid schemes and any other share option scheme of the Company as from the
            commencement of the scheme period, excluding those options which have lapsed in accordance with the terms
            of the 2014 Share Option Scheme or any other share option schemes of the Company, must not in aggregate
            exceeds 10% of the Company’s shares in issue as at the date of adoption of the 2014 Share Option Scheme or
            exceed any of the refreshed limit.

            No option shall be granted to an eligible person which would cause the aggregate number of shares already
            issued and to be issued upon exercise of options granted to such eligible person under the 2014 Share Option
            Scheme and any other share option scheme of the Company (including cancelled, exercised and outstanding
            options) in any 12-month period up to the date of grant exceeding 1% of the shares in issue. Any further grant
            of options in excess of this limit may be made only with the separate approval of the shareholders in general
            meeting with that eligible person and his associates abstaining from voting.

            The total number of share option that were granted and remained outstanding under the share option schemes
            of the Company is 121,498,000 (2019: 125,098,000) representing approximately 4.55% (2019: 4.09%) of the
            issued share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2020.




174   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




47. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
   The following tables show the movements in the Company’s share options granted under the 2014 Share Option
   Scheme:

   For the year ended 31 December 2020
                                                                                    Outstanding                   Outstanding
                                                                                             at       Lapsed               at
                        Exercise                                                      1 January        during     31 December
    Date of grant          price Vesting period        Exercisable period                  2020      the year            2020
                           HK$
    22 January 2016       4.226 22 January 2016 to     1 September 2016 to            14,852,000             –      14,852,000
                                  30 August 2016         20 August 2024

                                 22 January 2016 to    1 September 2017 to            17,154,000             –      17,154,000
                                   30 August 2017        20 August 2024

                                 22 January 2016 to    1 September 2018 to            25,692,000             –      25,692,000
                                   30 August 2018        20 August 2024

    8 July 2016           6.320 8 July 2016 to         1 September 2017 to             2,500,000             –       2,500,000
                                  31 August 2017         20 August 2024

                                 8 July 2016 to        1 September 2018 to             2,500,000             –       2,500,000
                                   31 August 2018        20 August 2024

                                 8 July 2016 to        1 September 2019 to             2,500,000             –       2,500,000
                                   31 August 2019        20 August 2024

                                 8 July 2016 to        1 September 2020 to             2,500,000             –       2,500,000
                                   31 August 2020        20 August 2024

    9 August 2017         4.090 9 August 2017 to       1 September 2018 to              500,000              –        500,000
                                  31 August 2018         20 August 2024

                                 9 August 2017 to      1 September 2019 to              500,000              –        500,000
                                   31 August 2019        20 August 2024

                                 9 August 2017 to      1 September 2020 to              500,000              –        500,000
                                   31 August 2020        20 August 2024

                                 9 August 2017 to      1 September 2021 to              500,000              –        500,000
                                   31 August 2021        20 August 2024

    15 April 2019          2.68 15 April 2019 to       30 September 2019 to           22,160,000    (1,440,000)     20,720,000
                                  29 September 2019      to 20 August 2024

                                 15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to           16,620,000    (1,080,000)     15,540,000
                                   29 September 2020     20 August 2024

                                 15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to           16,620,000    (1,080,000)     15,540,000
                                   29 September 2021     20 August 2024
                                                                                     125,098,000    (3,600,000)    121,498,000




                                                                              Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited        175
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      47. SHARE OPTIONS (Continued)
           For the year ended 31 December 2019
                                                                                       Outstanding                Outstanding
                                                                                                at     Granted             at
                                 Exercise                                                1 January       during   31 December
             Date of grant          price Vesting period        Exercisable period            2019     the year          2019
                                    HK$
             22 January 2016       4.226 22 January 2016 to     1 September 2016 to     14,852,000            –     14,852,000
                                           30 August 2016         20 August 2024

                                          22 January 2016 to    1 September 2017 to     17,154,000            –     17,154,000
                                            30 August 2017        20 August 2024

                                          22 January 2016 to    1 September 2018 to     25,692,000            –     25,692,000
                                            30 August 2018        20 August 2024

             8 July 2016           6.320 8 July 2016 to         1 September 2017 to      2,500,000            –      2,500,000
                                           31 August 2017         20 August 2024

                                          8 July 2016 to        1 September 2018 to      2,500,000            –      2,500,000
                                            31 August 2018        20 August 2024

                                          8 July 2016 to        1 September 2019 to      2,500,000            –      2,500,000
                                            31 August 2019        20 August 2024

                                          8 July 2016 to        1 September 2020 to      2,500,000            –      2,500,000
                                            31 August 2020        20 August 2024

             9 August 2017         4.090 9 August 2017 to       1 September 2018 to        500,000            –       500,000
                                           31 August 2018         20 August 2024

                                          9 August 2017 to      1 September 2019 to        500,000            –       500,000
                                            31 August 2019        20 August 2024

                                          9 August 2017 to      1 September 2020 to        500,000            –       500,000
                                            31 August 2020        20 August 2024

                                          9 August 2017 to      1 September 2021 to        500,000            –       500,000
                                            31 August 2021        20 August 2024

             15 April 2019         2.680 15 April 2019 to       30 September 2019 to             –   22,160,000     22,160,000
                                           29 September 2019      to 20 August 2024

                                          15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to             –   16,620,000     16,620,000
                                            29 September 2020     20 August 2024

                                          15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to             –   16,620,000     16,620,000
                                            29 September 2021     20 August 2024
                                                                                        69,698,000   55,400,000    125,098,000




176   Skyworth Group Limited   Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                             For the year ended 31 December 2020




48. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS
   The Company has applied HKFRS 2 to account for its share options (Note (i)) and share awards (Note (ii)) and
   Skyworth Digital’s share awards (Note (iii)).

   Amounts of share-based payment expenses of RMB13 million (2019: RMB28 million) for share options, RMB40
   million (2019: RMB10 million) for share awards of the Company and RMB3 million (2019: RMB10 million) for
   restricted share incentive scheme of Skyworth Digital have been recognised in the profit or loss during the year
   ended 31 December 2020.

   Note (i): Share options of the Company


            The particulars of the share option scheme of the Company, and the details of and the movements in share
            options during the year ended 31 December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 2019 are disclosed in
            note 47. A summary of which is presented below:


                                                                                                           2020                                               2019
                                                                                            Number of              Weighted                      Number of                   Weighted
                                                                                                share                average                         share                      average
                                                                                              options           exercise price                     options                exercise price
                                                                                                                          HK$                                                      HK$
              Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                     125,098,000                        3.707              69,698,000                           4.523
              Granted during the year                                                                –                            –              55,400,000                           2.680
              Lapsed during the year                                                        (3,600,000)                       2.680                       –                               –
              Outstanding at the end of the year                                           121,498,000                        3.737             125,098,000                           3.707
              Exercisable at the end of the year                                           105,458,000                                           88,358,000


            The share options outstanding as at 31 December 2020 have a weighted average remaining contractual life
            of 3.64 years (2019: 4.64 years) and the exercise prices of which range from HK$2.680 to HK$6.320 (2019:
            HK$2.680 to HK$6.320).


            Share option expenses charge to profit or loss are based on valuation determined using the Black-Scholes
            Model. Share options granted during the year ended 31 December 2019 were valued based on the following
            assumptions:

                                                                                                             Total fair
                                 Number of                                                    Fair value      value of Share price                                        Expected
                              share options                                                          per       options    at date    Exercise    Expected     Dividend     interest    Risk free
              Date of grant         granted   Vesting period        Exercisable period           option       granted    of grant       price    volatility       yield        rate         rate
                                                                                                    HK$           HK$         HK$        HK$            %           %           %            %
              15 April 2019     22,160,000    15 April 2019 to      30 September 2019 to         0.7707     17,078,468        2.62      2.68         44.47        3.57        1.62         0.75
                                                29 September 2019     20 August 2024
              15 April 2019     16,620,000    15 April 2019 to      30 September 2020 to         0.7930     13,179,843        2.62      2.68         44.47        3.57        1.62         0.75
                                                29 September 2020     20 August 2024
              15 April 2019     16,620,000    15 April 2019 to      30 September 2021 to         0.8014     13,319,348        2.62      2.68         44.47        3.57        1.62         0.75
                                                29 September 2021     20 August 2024
                                55,400,000                                                                  43,577,659




                                                                                                            Annual Report 2020                    Skyworth Group Limited                           177
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      48. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
            Note (i): Share options of the Company (Continued)


                     Expected volatility was determined by using the historical volatility of the Company’s share price over previous
                     years. The effects of time to vest, non-transferability, exercise restrictions and behavioural considerations have
                     been taken into account in the model. The variables and assumptions used in computing the fair value of
                     the share options are based on management’s best estimate. The value of share options varies with different
                     variables of certain subjective assumptions.


            Note (ii): Share awards of the Company


                     On 24 June 2014, an employees’ share award scheme was adopted by the Company. The share award scheme
                     is valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from 24 June 2014. Pursuant to the rules of the
                     scheme, the Group has set up a trust for the purpose of administering the share award scheme and holding
                     the awarded shares before they vest (the “2014 Share Award Scheme”).


                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, a total of 3,350,000 shares were vested and allotted under the
                     2014 Share Award Scheme (2019: a total of 3,410,000 shares were vested and allotted).


                                                               Outstanding                                   Outstanding                                   Outstanding
                                                                        at           Movement                         at            Movement                        at
                                                                 1 January       during the period           31 December         during the year           31 December
                      Vesting dates                                   2019     Allotted            Lapsed           2019      Allotted           Lapsed           2020
                      30 April 2019                              3,430,000   (3,410,000)          (20,000)              –            –                –              –
                      30 April 2020                              3,430,000            –                 –       3,430,000   (3,350,000)         (80,000)             –

                                                                 6,860,000   (3,410,000)          (20,000)      3,430,000   (3,350,000)         (80,000)             –

                      Weighted average fair value                 HK$3.63      HK$3.63           HK$3.63         HK$3.63      HK$3.63          HK$3.63               –




                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, no share of the Company was acquired for the 2014 Share Award
                     Scheme (2019: nil). On 10 November 2020, the Company allotted previously vested 20,905,000 shares that
                     remained in the trust. As at 31 December 2020, there are 0 shares (2019: 24,255,000 shares) held for such
                     scheme with carrying amount of nil (2019: RMB83 million) accumulated in equity under the heading of
                     “shares held for share award scheme”.


                     On 21 October 2020, an employees’ share award scheme (the “2020 Share Award Scheme”) was adopted
                     by the Company. The purpose of the 2020 Share Award Scheme is to recognise the contributions by certain
                     personnel and to incentivise them in order to retain them for the continual operation and development
                     of the Group, and to attract suitable personnel for further development of the Group. The 2020 Share
                     Award Scheme is valid and effective for a period of 10 years commencing from 21 October 2020. Pursuant
                     to the rules of this scheme, the Group has set up a trust for the purpose of administering the 2020 Share
                     Award Scheme and holding the awarded shares before they vest. The Company appointed an independent
                     professional trustee to assist with the administration and vesting of the share award.


                     During the year ended 31 December 2020, no share of the Company was acquired for the 2020 Share Award
                     Scheme.




178   Skyworth Group Limited              Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




48. SHARE-BASED PAYMENTS (Continued)
   Note (iii): Restricted share incentive scheme of Skyworth Digital


            The restricted share incentive scheme was approved and adopted by the shareholders of Skyworth Digital, an
            indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company established in the PRC and whose shares are listed on
            the Shenzhen Stock Exchange, at the special general meeting held on 31 August 2017. The restricted share
            incentive scheme is valid and effective for a period of 4 years commencing from 31 August 2017.


            During the year ended 31 December 2020, no restricted shares of Skyworth Digital have been awarded to any
            directors and employees of Skyworth Digital (2019: nil) and 14,798,500 (2019: 11,994,500) awarded shares
            were vested and allotted. RMB1 million (2019: RMB84 million) have been received for this restricted share
            incentive scheme as at 31 December 2020 as disclosed in note 35.


                                                      Outstanding                                    Outstanding                                  Outstanding
                                                               at            Movement                         at            Movement                       at
                                                        1 January        during the period           31 December         during the year          31 December
              Vesting dates                                  2019      Allotted            Lapsed           2019      Allotted           Lapsed          2020
              4 September 2017 to 3 September 2019     10,454,100    (9,745,500)         (708,600)             –             –                –             –
              4 September 2017 to 3 September 2020    14,028,800              –       (1,034,800)     12,994,000   (12,572,000)       (294,000)      128,000
              11 June 2018 to 11 June 2019             2,304,000     (2,249,000)         (55,000)              –             –               –             –
              11 June 2018 to 11 June 2020             2,304,000              –          (55,000)      2,249,000    (2,226,500)        (22,500)            –
                                                      29,090,900    (11,994,500)      (1,853,400)     15,243,000   (14,798,500)       (316,500)      128,000

              Weighted average fair value per share      RMB1.30      RMB1.39           RMB0.82         RMB0.73      RMB0.75          RMB0.60        RMB0.48



49. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES
   (a) Acquisition of 深圳神彩物流有限公司 (“神彩物流”)

        On 22 February 2019, a sales and purchase agreement was entered into between (i) Skyworth Group Co.,
        Limited a subsidiary of the Company, and (ii) China Electronics Corporation (the “Seller”), in relation to the
        acquisition of equity interest in 神彩物流 by Skyworth Group Co., Limited from the Seller.

        Pursuant to the sales and purchase agreement, Skyworth Group Co., Limited acquired 100% equity interest
        in 神彩物流.

        On 1 March 2019, all the conditions precedent under the sales and purchase agreement have been fulfilled.
        神彩物流 becomes an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company thereafter.

        The total consideration for the acquisition is RMB38 million, which is settled in cash.

        神彩物流 is principally engaged in the business of provision of logistics services. Acquisition of 神彩物流 is
        to accelerate the strategic layout and improve the logistics performance of the Group in the PRC.




                                                                                      Annual Report 2020               Skyworth Group Limited                   179
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      49. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           (a) Acquisition of 深圳神彩物流有限公司 (“神彩物流”) (Continued)

                 Acquisition-related costs relating the above acquisition are excluded from the cost of acquisition and have
                 been recognised as an expense in the profit or loss.

                 The net assets acquired in the transaction were as follows:

                                                                                                             RMB million
                  Non-current Asset
                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                        18

                  Current Assets
                  Inventories                                                                                          38
                  Trade receivables                                                                                    43
                  Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                                          20
                  Bank balances and cash                                                                               52

                  Current Liabilities
                  Trade payables                                                                                      (28)
                  Other payables                                                                                      (60)
                  Bank borrowings                                                                                     (60)

                  Non-current Liability
                  Deferred tax liabilities                                                                             (1)
                                                                                                                       22


                 The goodwill arising on the acquisition is as follows:

                                                                                                             RMB million
                  Consideration                                                                                        38
                  Less: Net assets acquired                                                                           (22)
                  Goodwill arising on acquisition                                                                      16


                 Goodwill arose in the acquisition of 神彩物流 because the cost of the combination included a control
                 premium. In addition, the consideration paid for the combination effectively included amounts in relation
                 to the benefit of expected synergies, revenue growth and future market development of 神彩物流. These
                 benefits are not recognised separately from goodwill because they do not meet the recognition criteria for
                 the identifiable intangible assets.




180   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




49. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (a) Acquisition of 深圳神彩物流有限公司 (“神彩物流”) (Continued)

       Net cash inflow arising on acquisition is as follows:

                                                                                                       RMB million
        Cash consideration paid                                                                                (38)
        Less: Bank balances and cash acquired                                                                   52
        Net cash inflow for the year                                                                           14


       Included in the profit during the year ended 31 December 2019 is RMB7 million attributable to 神彩物流.
       Revenue during the year ended 31 December 2019 includes RMB185 million is attributable to 神彩物流.

       Had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2019, total group revenue during the year ended 31
       December 2019 would have been RMB37,320 million, and profit during the year ended 31 December 2019
       would have been RMB1,028 million. The pro forma information is for illustrative purposes only and is not
       necessarily an indication of revenue and results of operations of the Group that actually would have been
       achieved had the acquisition been completed on 1 January 2019, nor is it intended to be a projection of
       future results.

   (b) Disposal of 廣州創維電子有限公司 (Guangzhou Skyworth Electronics Co.,
       Ltd.) (“Skyworth Electronics”)

       On 23 June 2020, the Group completed the disposal of 90% equity interest of a wholly-owned subsidiary,
       Skyworth Electronics, to an independent third party at a consideration of RMB574 million.

       The assets and liabilities over which control was lost at the date of disposal are as follow:

                                                                                                       RMB million
        Property, plant and equipment                                                                         224
        Right-of-use assets                                                                                   177
        Deposits paid for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                            12
        Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                                             9
        Bank balances and cash                                                                                 92
        Other payables                                                                                        (26)
        Contract liabilities                                                                                   (1)
                                                                                                              487




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited   181
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      49. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           (b) Disposal of 廣州創維電子有限公司 (Guangzhou Skyworth Electronics Co.,
               Ltd.) (“Skyworth Electronics”) (Continued)

                 The gain on disposal of a subsidiary arising on the disposal is as follows:

                                                                                                                 RMB million
                  Cash consideration                                                                                    574
                  Less: Net assets disposed of                                                                         (487)
                  Add: Fair value of the remaining 10% equity interest of Skyworth Electronics
                         (note 54(c))                                                                                    64
                  Gain on disposal of Skyworth Electronics                                                              151


                 Net cash inflow arising on disposal of Skyworth Electronics is as follows:

                                                                                                                 RMB million
                  Cash consideration received                                                                           574
                  Less: Bank balances and cash disposed                                                                 (92)
                  Net cash inflow for the year                                                                          482


           (c) Disposal of 廣州創維平面顯示科技有限公司 (Guangzhou Flat Display
               Technology Co., Ltd.) (“Guangzhou Flat Display”)

                 On 25 December 2020, the Group completed the disposal of 90% equity interest of a wholly-owned
                 subsidiary, Guangzhou Flat Display, to an independent third party at a consideration of RMB747 million.

                 The assets and liabilities over which control was lost at the date of disposal are as follow:

                                                                                                                 RMB million
                  Property, plant and equipment                                                                         188
                  Right-of-use assets                                                                                    58
                  Deferred tax assets                                                                                     6
                  Other receivables, deposits and prepayments                                                             4
                  Bank balances and cash                                                                                 10
                  Other payables                                                                                         (2)
                  Tax liabilities                                                                                        (7)
                                                                                                                        257




182   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




49. ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (c) Disposal of 廣州創維平面顯示科技有限公司 (Guangzhou Flat Display
       Technology Co., Ltd.) (“Guangzhou Flat Display”) (Continued)

         The gain on disposal of a subsidiary arising on the disposal is as follows:

                                                                                                       RMB million
          Cash consideration                                                                                   747
          Less: Net assets disposed of                                                                        (257)
          Add: Fair value of the remaining 10% equity interest of
                 Guangzhou Flat Display (note 54(c))                                                            83
          Gain on disposal of Guangzhou Flat Display                                                           573


         Net cash inflow arising on disposal of Guangzhou Flat Display is as follows:

                                                                                                       RMB million
          Cash consideration received                                                                          747
          Less: Bank balances and cash disposed                                                                (10)
          Less: consideration receivable                                                                      (366)
          Net cash inflow for the year                                                                         371


50. PLEDGE OF ASSETS
   At 31 December 2020, the Group’s borrowings were secured by the following:

   (a)   legal charges over right-of-use assets, and leasehold land and buildings with carrying value of RMB1,479
         million (2019: RMB202 million) and RMB1,051 million (2019: RMB202 million), respectively;

   (b)   investment properties with carrying value of RMB1,263 million (2019:nil);

   (c)   pledged bank deposits of RMB1,309 million (2019: RMB885 million);

   (d)   trade receivables of RMB17 million (2019: RMB19 million); and

   (e)   bills receivables of RMB720 million (2019: RMB686 million).




                                                                        Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited     183
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      51. OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS
           The Group as lessor

            During the year, the Group earned rental income of RMB409 million (2019: RMB408 million) from the lease of
            the Group’s properties. The leased properties have committed tenants for terms ranging from one to twenty-one
            years.

            Minimum lease payments receivable on leases are as follows:

                                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                                           RMB million        RMB million
             Within one year                                                                        381               355
             In the second year                                                                     258               263
             In the third year                                                                      194               199
             In the fourth year                                                                     129               152
             In the fifth year                                                                       99                92
             After five years                                                                       365               371
                                                                                                   1,426            1,432


      52. CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
            At the end of the reporting period, the Group had the following capital commitments:

                                                                                                2020               2019
                                                                                           RMB million        RMB million
             Contracted but not provided for, in respect of:

             Purchase of property, plant and equipment                                               522              126
             Factory buildings and office premises under development                               1,856              455
                                                                                                   2,378              581


      53. CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
            The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
            while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
            Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.

            The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt which includes lease liabilities, bank borrowings,
            convertible bonds and corporate bonds disclosed in notes 38, 41, 43 and 44, respectively, net of cash and cash
            equivalents, and equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued share capital and reserves.

            The directors of the Company review the capital structure periodically. As part of this review, the directors of
            the Company consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. The Group will also
            balance its overall capital structure through the payment of dividends, new share issues and share buy-backs as
            well as the issue of new debt or the redemption of existing debt, if necessary.




184   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                     For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
   (a) Categories of financial instruments

                                                                                             2020                  2019
                                                                                        RMB million           RMB million
        Financial assets
        Financial assets at amortised cost                                                     25,576              23,188
        Trade receivables at FVTOCI                                                               400                   –
        Financial assets at FVTPL                                                               1,639               1,055
        Equity instruments at FVTOCI                                                            1,216               1,523
        Derivative financial instruments                                                            9                   –

        Finance lease receivables                                                                 128                  130
        Financial liabilities
        Amortised cost                                                                         27,308              23,178
        Derivative financial instruments                                                          128                 280

        Lease liabilities                                                                         195                  146


   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies

       The Group’s major financial instruments include financial assets at FVTPL, equity instruments at FVTOCI,
       loan receivables, finance lease receivables, investments in debt securities, trade and bills receivables, trade
       receivables at FVTOCI, other receivables, pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances
       and cash, trade and bills payables, other payables, lease liabilities, derivative financial instruments, bank
       borrowings, corporate bonds, convertible bonds and other financial liabilities. Details of the financial
       instruments are disclosed in respective notes. The risks associated with these financial instruments include
       market risk (i.e. currency risk, interest rate risk and other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies
       on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages and monitors these exposures
       to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.

       Market risk
       The Group’s activities expose it primarily to the financial risks of changes in foreign exchange rate, interest
       rate and other price.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020      Skyworth Group Limited         185
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Market risk (Continued)
                 Currency risk
                 The Group’s sales in the PRC represent over 61% (2019: 70%) of the Group’s total turnover. All of
                 these sales transactions are conducted and denominated in RMB. The Group needs to convert revenue
                 in RMB into foreign currencies from time to time in order to meet its ongoing obligations and payment
                 of dividends. Although RMB is not a freely convertible currency, the Group did not experience any
                 difficulties in such conversion to meet operational requirements. In addition, the Group enters into foreign
                 currency forward contracts and cross currency swap contracts to eliminate the currency risk exposure.
                 The management of the Group monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant
                 foreign exchange exposure should the need arises.

                 The carrying amounts of the Group’s foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities
                 at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                      Assets                           Liabilities
                                                                 2020             2019              2020                2019
                                                            RMB million      RMB million       RMB million         RMB million
                  US$                                             1,853            1,402             4,329             3,524
                  HK$                                                 6               15                 7                72
                  EUR                                                 6                1                98               148
                  RMB                                                 6                2                 –                 –


                 Currency risk sensitivity analysis
                 The directors of the Company considered that the Group’s exposure to RMB against HK$ is limited as
                 amounts involved are immaterial. Accordingly, no sensitivity to fluctuation in RMB against HK$ is presented.

                 The Group exposes to fluctuations in US$, HK$ and EUR against RMB. The following table only details the
                 Group’s sensitivity to a 5% (2019: 5%) increase and decrease in US$, HK$ and EU against RMB. 5% (2019:
                 5%) is the sensitivity rate used when it represents management’s assessment of the reasonably possible
                 change in foreign exchange rates. The sensitivity analysis includes only outstanding foreign currency
                 denominated monetary items and adjusts their translation at the year end for a 5% (2019: 5%) change in
                 foreign currency rates. The foreign currency denominated monetary assets and monetary liabilities mainly
                 include trade and bills receivables, other receivables, pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank
                 balances and cash, trade and bills payables, other payables, as well as bank borrowings. A positive number
                 below indicates an increase in profit for the year where US$ weaken 5% (2019: 5%) against RMB, HK$
                 weaken 5% (2019: 5%) against RMB and EUR weaken 5% (2019: 5%) against RMB. For a 5% (2019: 5%)
                 strengthening of US$ against RMB, 5% (2019: 5%) strengthening of HK$ against RMB and 5% (2019: 5%)
                 strengthening of EUR against RMB, there would be an equal and opposite impact on the profit for the year.




186   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Market risk (Continued)
       Currency risk (Continued)
       Currency risk sensitivity analysis (Continued)

                                                                                        2020                 2019
                                                                                   RMB million          RMB million
        Profit for the year
        US$ against RMB                                                                      105                 90
        HK$ against RMB                                                                        –                  2
        EUR against RMB                                                                        4                  6


       In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analysis is unrepresentative of the foreign exchange risk inherent in
       the financial assets and liabilities, as the exposure at the end of the reporting period does not represent the
       exposure during the year.

       Interest rate risk
       The Group is exposed to cash flow interest rate risk as certain of its pledged bank deposits, restricted bank
       deposits, bank balances and bank borrowings are subject to floating interest rates (see note 41 for details of
       the bank borrowings).

       The Group is exposed to fair value interest rate risk in relation to certain of its pledged bank deposits,
       restricted bank deposits, loan receivables, finance lease receivables, investments in debt securities, customer
       deposits, corporate bonds, convertible bonds, other financial liabilities, lease liabilities and bank borrowings
       which are interest bearing at fixed rate.

       The Group manages its interest rate exposures by assessing the potential impact arising from any interest
       rate movements based on interest rate level and outlook and by entering into interest rate swap contracts
       to minimise the interest rate risk exposures. The management will review the proportion of borrowings in
       fixed and floating rates and ensure they are within reasonable range.

       The management considers that the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk in relation to pledged bank
       deposits, restricted bank deposits, and bank balances is minimal, accordingly, no sensitivity analysis is
       presented for both years.

       The Group’s cash flow interest rate risk is mainly related to the fluctuation of EURIBOR, LIBOR and LPR
       against the Group’s bank borrowings.

       Interest rate risk sensitivity analysis
       The sensitivity analysis below has been determined based on the exposure to floating interest rates for
       bank borrowings at the end of the reporting period and assumed the amounts outstanding at the end of
       the reporting period were outstanding for the whole year and held constant throughout the financial year.
       If interest rates on interest bearing bank borrowings had been 50 basis points higher/lower and all other
       variables were held constant, the post-tax profit for the year would decrease/increase by RMB18 million
       (2019: RMB16 million).




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       187
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Market risk (Continued)
                 Other price risk
                 (i)    Price risk on listed and unlisted equity securities and unlisted investment funds
                        The Group is exposed to other price risk through its investments in listed and unlisted equity securities
                        and unlisted investment funds (as disclosed in note 23). In addition, the Group has appointed the
                        management to monitor the price risk and will consider hedging the risk exposure should the need
                        arise.

                        Price risk sensitivity analysis
                        The sensitivity analyses below have been determined based on the exposure to equity price risks at
                        the end of the reporting period.

                        If the prices of the respective equity instruments had been 10% (2019: 10%) higher/lower:

                        •      post-tax profit for the year ended 31 December 2020 would increase/decrease by RMB123
                               million as a result of the changes in fair value of equity instruments at FVTPL and financial assets
                               at FVTPL (2019: RMB84 million); and

                        •      FVTOCI reserve would increase/decrease by RMB94 million (2019: RMB129 million) as a result of
                               the changes in fair value of equity instruments at FVTOCI.

                 (ii)   Price risk on derivative component of the convertible bonds (note 43)
                        For the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Company is required to estimate the fair value
                        of the derivative component of the convertible bonds, including conversion and early redemption
                        options, with changes in fair value to be recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
                        as long as the convertible bonds are outstanding. The fair value will be affected either positively or
                        negatively, amongst others, by the changes in the share price of Skyworth Digital, expected volatility
                        and risk free rate.

                        Sensitivity analysis
                        If the share price of Skyworth Digital had been 5% (2019: 5%) higher/lower and all other input
                        variables of the valuation model were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit for the year ended
                        31 December 2020 would decrease/increase by RMB6 million (2019: RMB102 million), as a result of
                        changes in fair value of the derivative component of the convertible bonds.




188   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Market risk (Continued)
       Other price risk (Continued)
       (ii)    Price risk on derivative component of the convertible bonds (note 43) (Continued)
               Sensitivity analysis (Continued)
               If the expected volatility of share prices of Skyworth Digital had been 2% (2019: 2%) higher/lower
               and all other input variables of the valuation model were held constant, the Group’s post-tax profit
               for the year ended 31 December 2020 would decrease/increase by RMB12 million (2019: RMB231
               million), as a result of changes in fair value of the derivative component of the convertible bonds.

               In management’s opinion, the sensitivity analyses above are unrepresentative of the inherent price risk
               as the pricing model used in the valuation of these derivatives involves multiple variables and certain
               variables are interdependent.

       Credit risk and impairment assessment
       As at 31 December 2020, the maximum exposure to credit risk by the Group which will cause a financial
       loss to the Group due to failure to discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying
       amount of the respective recognised financial assets as stated in the consolidated statement of financial
       position.

       In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has certain procedures for determination
       of credit limits and credit approvals. Before accepting any new customer, the sales department of the Group
       performs assessments on the potential customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. Other
       monitoring procedures are in place to ensure that follow-up action is taken to recover overdue debts. In
       addition, the Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets at amortised
       cost individually for significant or credit impaired balances or collectively based on provision matrix for the
       remaining balances. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit risk is
       significantly reduced.




                                                                       Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited       189
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 In order to minimise the credit risk on bills received from customers, the Group will only accept bills issued
                 by certain licensed banks with high credit ratings. Before accepting any bills from customers, the Group will
                 verify the validity of each bill. In this regard, the directors of the Company consider that the Group’s credit
                 risk associated with its bills receivable is limited.

                 The credit risk on investments in debt securities and other receivables is limited because the directors of
                 the Company have monitored the settlement and expect that the general economic conditions will not
                 significantly change for the 12 months after the reporting date.

                 Based on assessment by the management, the credit risk is minimised for loan receivables taking into
                 consideration of the estimated values of the collaterals and the credit quality of the borrowers.

                 The credit risk on finance lease receivables are limited because all receivables are secured over the plant and
                 machinery leased.

                 The pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits and bank balances are placed in a number of
                 counterparties, most of which are licensed banks with high credit ratings. As such, the credit risk on liquid
                 funds is limited.

                 The Group’s concentration of credit risk by geographical locations is mainly in PRC, which accounted for
                 76% (2019: 79%), 100% (2019: 100%) and 100% (2019: 100%) of the total trade and bills receivables,
                 loan receivables and finance lease receivables respectively at the end of the reporting period. The Group
                 has concentration of credit risk as 25% (2019: 27%) of the total loan receivables were due from a related
                 party controlled by a substantial shareholder of the Company and the other two largest borrowers. The
                 Group also has consideration of credit risk as 98% (2019: 98%) of the total finance lease receivables were
                 due from the two largest lessees. In order to minimise the credit risk, the management of the Group has
                 delegated a team responsible for determination of credit limits and credit approvals.

                 The Group has no other significant concentration of credit risk with exposure spread over a number of
                 counterparties and customers, and industries.




190   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
         Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
       The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:

                                                                         Trade receivables      Other
        Internal                                                         and finance lease      financial assets/
        credit rating Description                                        receivables            other items
        P1             State owned enterprises, listed companies,        Lifetime ECL           12m ECL
                         subsidiaries of listed companies and large         – not credit-
                         private companies with over 3 years                impaired
                         business relationship with no history of
                         default or the counterparty has a low risk
                         of default

        P2             Large private companies with less than            Lifetime ECL           12m ECL
                         3 years business relationship and small            – not credit-
                         private companies with over 3 years                impaired
                         business relationship with no history of
                         default

        P3             Small private companies with less than 3          Lifetime ECL           12m ECL
                         years business relationship with no history        – not credit-
                         of default                                         impaired

        P4             There is evidence indicating the asset is         Lifetime ECL           Lifetime ECL
                         credit-impaired but the Group has realistic        – credit-impaired      – credit-impaired
                         prospect of recovery

        P5             There is evidence indicating the asset is         Lifetime ECL           Lifetime ECL
                         credit-impaired for more than 12 months            – credit-impaired      – credit-impaired
                         and the Group has less prospect of
                         recovery

        P6             There is evidence indicating that the debtor      Lifetime ECL           Lifetime ECL
                         is in severe financial difficulty                  – credit-impaired      – credit-impaired

        Write-off      There is evidence indicating that the debtor      Amount is              Amount is
                         is in severe financial difficulty and the        written off            written off
                         Group has no realistic prospect of recovery




                                                                       Annual Report 2020   Skyworth Group Limited     191
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets and finance lease
                 receivables, which are subject to ECL assessment:

                                                                 Internal    12m
                  31 December 2020                             credit rating or lifetime ECL                        Gross carrying amount
                                                       Notes                                                      RMB million     RMB million
                  Financial assets at amortised cost

                  Loan receivables                      25         P1        12m ECL                                   1,534
                                                                   P2        12m ECL                                     160
                                                                   P3        12m ECL                                       2
                                                                   P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               20
                                                                   P6        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              131           1,847
                  Trade and bills receivables           30         P1        Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        9,188
                                                                   P2        Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        1,902
                                                                   P3        Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        1,174
                                                                   P4        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired            1,665
                                                                   P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               74
                                                                   P6        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              112          14,115
                  Other receivables                     31         P1        12m ECL                                     763
                                                                   P2        12m ECL                                       4
                                                                   P3        12m ECL                                      13
                                                                   P4        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired                1
                                                                   P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired                3
                                                                   P6        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              130                914
                  Pledged bank deposits                 32        (Note)     12m ECL                                   1,309           1,309

                  Restricted bank deposits              32        (Note)     12m ECL                                     318                318

                  Bank balances                         32        (Note)     12m ECL                                   8,214           8,214

                  Other items

                  Finance lease receivables             24         P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              133                133




192   Skyworth Group Limited          Annual Report 2020
          Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                            For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)

                                                       Internal    12m
        31 December 2019                             credit rating or lifetime ECL                        Gross carrying amount
                                             Notes                                                      RMB million     RMB million
        Financial assets at amortised cost

        Loan receivables                      25         P1        12m ECL                                   1,699
                                                         P2        12m ECL                                      22
                                                         P3        12m ECL                                       2
                                                         P4        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              300
                                                         P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              290
                                                         P6        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              122           2,435
        Investments in debt securities        29         P1        12m ECL                                      83                 83
        Trade and bills receivables           30         P1        Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        8,767
                                                         P2        Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        2,262
                                                         P3        Lifetime ECL – not credit-impaired        3,035
                                                         P4        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              408
                                                         P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               89
                                                         P6        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              102          14,663
        Other receivables                     31         P1        12m ECL                                     522
                                                         P2        12m ECL                                      11
                                                         P3        12m ECL                                      62
                                                         P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired               30
                                                         P6        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              115                740
        Pledged bank deposits                 32        (Note)     12m ECL                                     885                885

        Restricted bank deposits              32        (Note)     12m ECL                                     411                411

        Bank balances                         32        (Note)     12m ECL                                   4,806           4,806

        Other items

        Finance lease receivables             24         P5        Lifetime ECL – credit-impaired              142                142


       Note: The counterparties are licensed banks with high credit ratings and the risk of default on liquid funds is
              limited.




                                                                                Annual Report 2020       Skyworth Group Limited         193
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 As part of the Group’s credit risk management, the Group applies internal credit rating. The following table
                 provides information about the exposure to credit risk which is assessed based on provision matrix as at the
                 end of the reporting period. Credit-impaired trade and bills receivables, loan receivables, other receivables
                 and finance lease receivables with gross carrying amounts of RMB1,851 million, RMB151 million, RMB134
                 million and RMB133 million, respectively as at 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB599 million, RMB712 million,
                 RMB145 million and RMB142 million) were assessed individually.

                 Gross carrying amount
                 As at 31 December 2020

                                                                Trade and                       Investments
                  Internal                        Average             bills           Loan           in debt           Other
                  credit rating                   loss rate    receivables      receivables        securities    receivables
                                                               RMB million      RMB million     RMB million      RMB million
                  P1                                   0.03%          9,188            1,534                –             987
                  P2                                   1.94%          1,902              160                –               4
                  P3                                   4.86%          1,174                2                –              13
                                                                     12,264            1,696                –           1,004


                 As at 31 December 2019

                                                                  Trade and                      Investments
                  Internal                         Average              bills           Loan          in debt           Other
                  credit rating                    loss rate     receivables      receivables       securities     receivables
                                                                RMB million      RMB million     RMB million      RMB million
                  P1                                   0.03%          8,767            1,699               83             522
                  P2                                   1.32%          2,262               22                –              11
                  P3                                   3.24%          3,035                2                –              62
                                                                     14,064            1,723               83             595


                 The estimated loss rates are estimated based on average of market corporate default rates and are adjusted
                 for forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort. The grouping is regularly
                 reviewed by management to ensure relevant information about specific debtors is updated.

                 During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group provided RMB5 million (2019: RMB110 million) and
                 RMB76 million (2019: nil) impairment allowance for trade receivables at amortised cost and bills receivables
                 respectively.




194   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                      For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
       Gross carrying amount (Continued)
       The following table shows the movement in allowance for credit losses that has been recognised for trade
       and bills receivables under the simplified approach.

                                                                       Lifetime             Lifetime
                                                                          ECL –                ECL –
                                                                    not credit-               credit-
                                                                      impaired             impaired              Total
                                                                    RMB million          RMB million        RMB million
         As at 1 January 2019                                                   148              149                297
         Changes due to financial instruments recognised
            as at 1 January 2019:
         – Transfer to credit-impaired (Note (1))                            (25)                 25                   –
         – Impairment loss recognised                                          –                 170                 170
         – Impairment loss reversed (Note (2))                              (123)                (67)               (190)
         – Written-off (Note (3))                                              –                  (9)                 (9)
         New financial assets originated                                     130                   –                 130
         As at 31 December 2019                                                 130              268                398
         Changes due to financial instruments recognised
            as at 1 January 2020:
         – Transfer to credit-impaired (Note (1))                             (2)                  2                   –
         – Impairment loss recognised                                          –                 186                 186
         – Impairment loss reversed (Note (2))                              (128)                (65)               (193)
         – Written-off (Note (3))                                              –                 (15)                (15)
         New financial assets originated                                      88                   –                  88
         As at 31 December 2020                                                  88              376                464


       Notes:


       (1)      Certain trade receivables are defaulted and transferred to credit-impaired during the year ended 31
                December 2020 and 2019.


       (2)      The Group reversed impairment loss due to settlement in full of trade receivables during the year ended 31
                December 2020 and 2019.


       (3)      The Group writes off a trade receivable when there is information indicating that the borrower is in severe
                financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the borrower has been placed
                under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings.




                                                                          Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       195
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
                 Gross carrying amount (Continued)
                 The following table shows the movement in allowance for credit losses that has been recognised for loan
                 receivables.

                                                                                                    Lifetime
                                                                                                       ECL –
                                                                                                      credit-
                                                                               12m ECL             impaired               Total
                                                                             RMB million         RMB million         RMB million
                  As at 1 January 2019                                                   3                272                 275
                  Changes due to financial instruments recognised
                     as at 1 January 2019:
                  – Impairment loss recognised                                           –                109                 109
                  – Impairment loss reversed                                            (2)               (72)                (74)
                  As at 31 December 2019                                                 1                309                 310
                  Changes due to financial instruments recognised
                     as at 1 January 2020:
                  – Impairment loss recognised                                           –                118                 118
                  – Impairment loss reversed                                             –                (42)                (42)
                  – Written-off                                                          –               (254)               (254)
                  New financial assets originated                                        2                  –                   2
                  As at 31 December 2020                                                 3                131                 134


                 Notes:


                 The Group writes off a loan receivable when there is information indicating that the borrower is in severe financial
                 difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the borrower has been placed under liquidation
                 or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. The Group has taken legal action against the borrowers to recover the
                 amount due.




196   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                 For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
       In addition,

       •     the Group recognised impairment for credit losses for its credit-impaired investments in debt securities
             amounted to RMB8 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 under lifetime ECL. There was no
             transfer of loss allowances from 12m ECL to lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired) or lifetime ECL (credit-
             impaired) occurred during the year ended 31 December 2019;

       •     the Group recognised impairment for credit losses for its credit-impaired other receivables and not
             credit-impaired other receivables amounted to RMB24 million (2019: RMB65 million) and RMB3
             million (2019: RMB2 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020 under lifetime ECL and 12m ECL
             respectively. The Group writes off impairment for credit losses for its credit-impaired other receivable
             amounted to RMB11 million (2019: nil) for the year ended 31 December 2020 under lifetime ECL;
             and

       •     the Group reversed impairment for credit losses for its credit-impaired finance lease receivables
             amounted to RMB7 million (2019: recognised impairment for credit losses for its credit-impaired
             finance lease receivables amounted to RMB3 million) for the year ended 31 December 2020.

       Liquidity risk
       In the management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitors and maintains a level of cash and cash
       equivalents deemed adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the
       effects of fluctuations in cash flows. The management monitors the utilisation of borrowings and ensures
       compliance with loan covenants.

       The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its non-derivative financial
       liabilities. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial liabilities based
       on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The maturity dates for other financial
       liabilities are based on the agreed repayment dates. The table includes both interest and principal cash
       flows. To the extent that interest flows are floating rate, the undiscounted amount is derived from prevailing
       market interest rate at the end of the reporting period.

       In addition, the following table details the Group’s liquidity analysis for its derivative financial instruments.
       The tables have been drawn up based on the undiscounted contractual net cash outflows (inflows) on
       derivative financial instruments that settle on a net basis. The liquidity analysis for the Group’s derivative
       financial instruments are prepared based on the contractual maturities as the management considers that
       the contractual maturities are essential for an understanding of the timing of the cash flows of derivatives.




                                                                       Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       197
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

                 Liquidity risk (Continued)
                 Liquidity and interest risk tables
                                                                                                               Over 3
                                                              Weighted Repayable on                        months but                                                Carrying
                                                                average   demand or                          not more                                       Total  amount at
                                                               effective    less than            1 to 3           than         1 to 5          Over undiscounted 31 December
                                                           interest rate     1 month           months           1 year         years         5 years  cash flows         2020
                                                                         RMB million        RMB million    RMB million    RMB million    RMB million RMB million RMB million
                  31 December 2020
                  Non-derivative financial liabilities
                  Trade and bills payables                           –             5,363          4,155          2,381              –             –          11,899         11,899
                  Other payables                                     –             1,569             57            312              –             –           1,938          1,938
                  Other financial liabilities                        –                 –              –              –             98             –              98             98
                  Other financial liabilities                    8.00%                 –              –            211              –             –             211            199
                  Bank borrowings – variable rate                2.78%               648            527            891          1,779         1,612           5,457          4,691
                  Bank borrowings – fixed rate                   3.19%               814            877          3,775          1,534             –           7,000          6,696
                  Corporate bonds                                5.66%                 –              –             80            994             –           1,074            874
                  Convertible bonds                              5.62%                 –              –              9          1,241             –           1,250            913
                  Lease liabilities                              5.00%                 6             12             44            152             3             217            195
                                                                                   8,400          5,628          7,703          5,798         1,615          29,144         27,503
                  Derivatives financial instruments, net
                  Foreign currency forward contracts                                   –             13             15             51             –              79             79
                  Interest rate swap contracts                                         –              –              –              2             –               2              2
                  Cross-currency swap contract                                         –              –              –             28             –              28             28
                                                                                       –             13             15             81             –             109            109


                                                                                                                Over 3
                                                               Weighted     Repayable on                    months but                                                     Carrying
                                                                 average      demand or                       not more                                         Total      amount at
                                                                effective       less than        1 to 3            than        1 to 5         Over     undiscounted    31 December
                                                            interest rate       1 month         months           1 year         years       5 years      cash flows           2019
                                                                             RMB million     RMB million    RMB million    RMB million   RMB million    RMB million     RMB million
                  31 December 2019
                  Non-derivative financial liabilities
                  Trade and bills payables                           –             3,230          3,724          3,105              –             –          10,059         10,059
                  Other payables                                     –               551            166          1,026              –             –           1,743          1,743
                  Other financial liabilities                    8.00%                 –              –              –            371             –             371            285
                  Bank borrowings – variable rate                3.70%               414          1,099          1,987          1,135             –           4,635          4,335
                  Bank borrowings – fixed rate                   3.69%               368            513          2,891            189             –           3,961          3,842
                  Corporate bonds                                5.48%                 –              –          2,185              –             –           2,185          1,990
                  Convertible bonds                              5.62%                 –              –              4             51         1,196           1,251            924
                  Lease liabilities                              4.15%                 6             11             19            128             2             166            146
                                                                                   4,569          5,513         11,217          1,874         1,198          24,371         23,324
                  Derivatives financial instruments, net
                  Foreign currency forward contracts                                   –              –              4              –             –               4              4




198   Skyworth Group Limited                Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (b) Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)

       Liquidity risk (Continued)
       The amounts included above for variable interest rate instruments for non-derivative financial liabilities is
       subject to change if changes in variable interest rates differ to those estimates of interest rates determined
       at the end of the reporting period.

   (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments

       This note provides information about how the Group determines fair values of various financial assets and
       financial liabilities.

       (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
              fair value on a recurring basis
              Some of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities are measured at fair value at the end
              of each reporting period. The following table gives information about how the fair values of these
              financial assets and financial liabilities are determined (in particular, the valuation technique(s) and
              inputs used), as well as the level of the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurements are
              categorised (levels 1 to 3) based on the degree to which the inputs to the fair value measurements is
              observable.

              •     Level 1 fair value measurements are those derived from quoted prices (unadjusted) in active
                    market for identical assets or liabilities;

              •     Level 2 fair value measurements are those derived from inputs other than quoted prices
                    included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly (i.e. as prices)
                    or indirectly (i.e. derived from prices); and

              •     Level 3 fair value measurements are those derived from valuation techniques that include inputs
                    for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).




                                                                         Annual Report 2020      Skyworth Group Limited        199
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

                 (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
                       fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

                                                             Fair value as at
                        Financial assets/              31 December      31 December     Fair value   Valuation technique(s)
                        (financial liabilities)               2020             2019     hierarchy    and key input(s)
                                                        RMB million      RMB million
                        Financial assets at FVTPL
                        Unlisted equity securities            1,076              612    Level 3      Market approach
                                                                                        (Note (a))
                                                                                                     Valuations are derived by the
                                                                                                        earnings attributable to owners of
                                                                                                        the investment, trading multiples
                                                                                                        of comparable companies and
                                                                                                        discounts for lack of marketability.

                        Listed equity securities               396               393    Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an active market

                        Unlisted investment funds              167                50    Level 3      Discounted cash flow
                                                                                        (Note (b))
                                                                                                     Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                                        based on expected applicable
                                                                                                        yield of the underlying investment
                                                                                                        portfolio and adjustments of
                                                                                                        related expenses, discounted at
                                                                                                        rates that reflect the credit risk of
                                                                                                        various counterparties.
                                                              1,639             1,055
                        Equity instruments at
                          FVTOCI
                        Unlisted equity securities            1,088             1,402   Level 3      Market approach
                                                                                        (Note (c))
                                                                                                     Valuations are derived by the
                                                                                                        earnings attributable to owners of
                                                                                                        the investment, trading multiples
                                                                                                        of comparable companies and
                                                                                                        discounts for lack of marketability.

                        Listed equity securities               128               121    Level 1      Quoted bid prices in an active market
                                                              1,216             1,523
                        Trade receivable at FVTOCI
                        Trade receivables                      400                  –   Level 2      Discounted cash flow

                                                                                                     Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                                        based on expected settlement and
                                                                                                        discount at rate that reflect the
                                                                                                        credit risk of the counterparty




200   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                        For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

       (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
              fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)

                                                    Fair value as at
               Financial assets/              31 December      31 December        Fair value   Valuation technique(s)
               (financial liabilities)               2020             2019        hierarchy    and key input(s)
                                               RMB million      RMB million
               Derivative financial
                  instruments:
               Foreign currency forward                  9                –       Level 2      Discounted cash flow
                  contracts – assets

               Foreign currency forward                (79)              (4)                   Future cash flows are estimated
                  contracts – liabilities                                                         based on forward exchange (from
                                                                                                  observable forward exchange
                                                                                                  at the end of the reporting
                                                                                                  period) and contracted forward
                                                                                                  rates, discounted at rates that
                                                                                                  reflect the credit risk of various
                                                                                                  counterparties.

               Cross-currency swap contract            (28)               –       Level 2      Discounted cash flow
                 – liabilities
                                                                                               Future cash flows are estimated
                                                                                                  based on observable spot and
                                                                                                  forward exchange rates and the
                                                                                                  yield curves of the respective
                                                                                                  currencies taking into account the
                                                                                                  credit risk of the counterparties
                                                                                                  and of the Group as appropriate.

               Interest rate swap contracts             (2)               –       Level 2      Discounted cash flow
                  – liabilities
                                                                                               The inputs are the fixed interest rate
                                                                                                 adopted, the referenced floating
                                                                                                 interest rate, time to maturity and
                                                                                                 risk-free rate.

               Derivative component of the             (19)            (276)      Level 3      Binomial option pricing model
                 convertible bonds                                                (Note (d))
                                                                                               Fair value is estimated based on share
                                                                                                  price of Skyworth Digital, exercise
                                                                                                  price, risk free rate, expected
                                                                                                  volatility and dividend yield.
                                                      (119)            (280)




                                                                              Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited             201
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

                 (i)   Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
                       fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
                       Notes:


                       (a)      A slight decrease in discount for lack of marketability used in valuation would result in a significant
                                increase in the fair value measurement of the unlisted equity securities at FVTPL, and vice versa. A
                                5% (2019: 5%) decrease in the discount for lack of marketability holding all other variables constant
                                would increase the carrying amount of the unlisted equity securities at FVTPL by RMB70 million (2019:
                                RMB31 million).


                       (b)      A slight increase in the expected yield would result in a significant increase in the fair value
                                measurement of the unlisted investment fund, and vice versa. A 5% (2019: 5%) increase in the
                                expected yield holding all other variables constant would increase the carrying amount of the unlisted
                                investment fund by RMB5 million (2019: RMB3 million).


                       (c)      A slight decrease in discount for lack of marketability used in valuation would result in a significant
                                increase in the fair value measurement of the unlisted equity securities at FVTOCI, and vice versa. A
                                5% (2019: 5%) decrease in the discount for lack of marketability holding all other variables constant
                                would increase the carrying amount of the unlisted equity securities at FVTOCI by RMB61 million
                                (2019: RMB76 million).


                       (d)      A slight increase in the expected volatility and share price of Skyworth Digital used in isolation would
                                result in significant decrease in the fair value measurement of the derivative component, and vice
                                versa. A 5% (2019: 5%) increase in the share price of Skyworth Digital and 2% (2019:2%) expected
                                volatility holding all other variables constant would decrease the carrying amount of the derivative
                                component by RMB6 million (2019:RMB102 million) and RMB12 million (2019:RMB231 million)
                                respectively.




202   Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2020
             Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
   (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

       (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
              fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
              Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurements of financial assets and financial
              liability

                                                                             Unlisted                        Unlisted
                                                                         equity securities               investment funds
                                                                       Financial               Equity           Financial
                                                                          assets         instruments               assets
                                                                       at FVTPL            at FVTOCI            at FVTPL
                                                                     RMB million          RMB million         RMB million
               At 1 January 2019                                            390               1,494                   37
               Gain from changes in fair value of equity
                 instruments at FVTPL                                       285                    –                    –
               Fair value loss on investments in equity
                 instruments at FVTOCI                                        –                  (92)                   –
               Investments                                                  258                    –                   48
               Disposals                                                    (48)                   –                  (35)
               Transfer out of level 3 (Note)                              (273)                   –                    –
               At 31 December 2019                                          612               1,402                   50
               Gain from changes in fair value of equity
                 instruments at FVTPL                                        85                    –                    1
               Fair value loss on investments in equity
                 instruments at FVTOCI                                        –                 (311)                  –
               Investments                                                  308                    3                 388
               Disposals                                                    (30)                  (6)               (250)
               Equity interest retained arising from disposal
                 of subsidiaries (note 49(b) & (c))                         147                    –                    –
               Transfer out of level 3 (Note)                               (46)                   –                  (22)
               At 31 December 2020                                        1,076               1,088                  167


              All gains and losses included in OCI relate to equity instruments at FVTOCI held at the end of the
              reporting period and are reported as changes of “FVTOCI reserve”.

              Reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement of financial liability, representing the derivative
              component of the convertible bonds, is disclosed in note 43.

              Note:   During the year ended 31 December 2020, certain equity securities were transferred out of Level 3
                      of the fair value hierarchy upon the listing of the equity securities on the relevant stock exchanges.


                      During the year ended 31 December 2019, certain equity securities were transferred out of Level 3
                      of the fair value hierarchy upon the listing of the related assets on the Sci-Tech Innovation Board in
                      the PRC.




                                                                         Annual Report 2020      Skyworth Group Limited        203
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      54. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
           (c) Fair value measurements of financial instruments (Continued)

                 (i)    Fair value of the Group’s financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at
                        fair value on a recurring basis (Continued)
                        Fair value measurements and valuation processes
                        In estimating the fair value of an asset or a liability, the Group uses market-observable data to the
                        extent it is available. Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the Group engages third party qualified
                        valuers to perform the valuation. The accounting team works closely with the qualified external
                        valuers to establish the appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model. The fluctuations in
                        the fair value of the assets and liabilities are explained to the board of directors of the Company.

                        Information about the valuation techniques and inputs used in determining the fair value of various
                        assets and liabilities are disclosed above.

                        No changes in the business or economic circumstances that significantly affect the fair value of
                        financial instruments is considered by the directors of the Company.

                 (ii)   Fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured at fair value
                        on a recurring basis
                        The directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities measured
                        at amortised cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their fair values.

                        The fair values of the bank borrowings and corporate bonds (categorised with Level 2 hierarchy)
                        and fair value of convertible bonds (categorised with Level 3 hierarchy) have been determined in
                        accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the
                        most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of counterparties.




204   Skyworth Group Limited     Annual Report 2020
                     Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




55. RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
   The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
   and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future
   cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing
   activities.

                                                                                                       Amount
                                                                                                       due to a
                                                                                                          non-
                                                                                                    controlling                                                         Derivative
                                                                                         Other     shareholder                                                         component
                                                        Dividend        Interest      financial            of a        Lease              Bank       Convertible    of convertible    Corporate
                                                        payables       payables      liabilities     subsidiary    liabilities      borrowings           bonds              bonds        bonds           Total
                                                       RMB million    RMB million   RMB million     RMB million   RMB million       RMB million      RMB million       RMB million   RMB million    RMB million
    At 1 January 2019                                            –            36            173             50            122            6,324                 –                –         1,990          8,695
    Non cash transactions:
        Exchange realignment                                    –              –              –              –              –               35                –                 –              –            35
        Dividend recognised as distribution                   160              –              –             63              –                –                –                 –              –           223
        Finance costs                                           –            429             14              –              8                –               33                 –              –           484
        New leases entered                                      –              –              –              –             79                –                –                 –              –            79
        Acquisition of a subsidiary                             –              –              –              –              –               60                –                 –              –            60
        Change in fair value of derivative financial
            instruments                                          –             –              –              –              –                 –                –              136              –           136
    Financing cash flows:
        Dividend paid                                        (160)             –              –           (113)             –                 –                –                –              –          (273)
        Interest paid                                           –           (423)             –              –             (8)                –                –                –              –          (431)
        Repayments of lease liabilities                         –              –              –              –            (55)                –                –                –              –           (55)
        New other financial liability raised                    –              –             98              –              –                 –                –                –              –            98
        New bank borrowings raised                              –              –              –              –              –            13,676                –                –              –        13,676
        Repayments of bank borrowings                           –              –              –              –              –           (11,918)               –                –              –       (11,918)
        New convertible bonds raised,
            net of transaction costs                             –             –              –              –              –                 –             891               140              –         1,031

    At 31 December 2019                                          –            42            285              –            146            8,177              924               276         1,990         11,840
    Non cash transactions:
        Dividend recognised in distribution                    96              –              –              –              –                 –               –                 –              –            96
        Finance costs                                           –            374             12              –              9                 –              45                 –              –           440
        New leases entered                                      –              –              –              –            128                 –               –                 –              –           128
        Change in fair value of derivative financial
            instruments                                          –             –              –              –              –                 –                –             (241)             –          (241)
        Conversion of convertible bonds                          –             –              –              –              –                 –              (56)             (16)             –           (72)
    Financing cash flows:
        Dividend paid                                          (96)            –              –              –              –                 –                –                –              –           (96)
        Interest paid                                            –          (366)             –              –             (9)                –                –                –              –          (375)
        Repayments of lease liabilities                          –             –              –              –            (79)                –                –                –              –           (79)
        New bank borrowings raised                               –             –              –              –              –            18,361                –                –              –        18,361
        Repayments of bank borrowings                            –             –              –              –              –           (15,151)               –                –              –       (15,151)
        New corporate bonds raised,
            net of transaction costs                             –             –              –              –              –                 –                –                –            797            797
        Repayment of corporate bonds                             –             –              –              –              –                 –                –                –         (1,913)        (1,913)

    At 31 December 2020                                          –            50            297              –            195           11,387              913                19           874         13,735




                                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2020                   Skyworth Group Limited                       205
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      56. CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
            There are individual patent disputes which arise from time to time in the ordinary course of the business of the
            Group. The Group is in the course of processing these matters. The directors of the Company are of the view
            that these patent disputes will not have a material adverse impact on the consolidated financial statements of the
            Group.

      57. RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEMES
            The employees of the Company’s Hong Kong subsidiaries participate in a defined contribution scheme which
            is registered under the Occupational Retirement Scheme Ordinance (the “ORSON Scheme”) or a Mandatory
            Provident Fund Scheme (the “MPF Scheme”) established under the Mandatory Provident Fund Scheme Ordinance
            in December 2000. The assets of the schemes are held separately from those of the Group, in funds under the
            control of trustees. Certain employees who were members of the ORSO Scheme prior to the establishment of
            the MPF Scheme remained with the ORSO Scheme, whereas all new employees joining the Group on or after 1
            December 2000 are required to join the MPF Scheme.

            Under the rule of the MPF Scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make contributions
            to the scheme at 5% of the employees’ relevant income capped at HK$1,500 per month. The ORSO Scheme
            is funded by monthly contributions from both employees and the Group at 5% of the employees’ basic salary.
            The pension costs charged to profit or loss represent contributions payable to these funds by the Group at rates
            specified in the rules of these schemes.

            The employees of the Company’s PRC subsidiaries are members of the state-managed retirement benefits scheme
            operated by the PRC government. The Company’s PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage
            of their employees’ payroll to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the
            Group with respect to the retirement benefits scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme.

            The aggregate retirement benefits scheme contributions and pension costs for the Group’s employees, net of
            forfeited contributions, which have been dealt with in profit or loss, are as follows:

                                                                                                2020                2019
                                                                                           RMB million         RMB million
             Retirement benefit scheme contributions in Hong Kong                                      1                 1
             Pension costs in the PRC                                                                163               298
             Total retirement benefit scheme contributions                                           164               299


            At both 31 December 2020 and 2019, there were no forfeited contributions available to offset future employers’
            contributions to the schemes.

      58. NON-CASH TRANSACTION
            During the year ended 31 December 2020, the Group entered into new lease agreements for the use of leased
            properties for 2 years to 5 years (2019: 2 years to 9 years). On the lease commencement, the Group recognised
            RMB128 million right-of-use assets and RMB128 million lease liabilities (2019: RMB79 million right-of-use assets
            and RMB79 million lease liabilities).




206   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                  For the year ended 31 December 2020




59. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
   During the year, in addition to the related party transactions disclosed elsewhere in the consolidated financial
   statements, the Group also has the following transactions with related parties:

   Trading transactions

   Joint ventures

                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million
    Sales of finished goods                                                                       –                 10
    Repair and maintenance service fee income                                                     1                  1


   Associates

                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million
    Sales of finished goods                                                                    788                 956
    Repair and maintenance service fee paid                                                      –                   1


   Related parties

                                                                                          2020                 2019
                                                                                     RMB million          RMB million
    Interest income from loan receivables from a related party (Note)                           18                  16
    Consultancy fee paid to a substantial shareholder of the Company                             3                   3


   Note:   The related party is controlled by a substantial shareholder of the Company. Please refer to note 25 and the
           section headed “Continuing Connected Transaction” in the Directors’ Report for the details of the transaction.




                                                                        Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited       207
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      59. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
           Compensation of key management personnel

            The remuneration of directors and other members of key management including chief executive of the Company
            during the year was as follows:

                                                                                                                         2020                        2019
                                                                                                                    RMB million                 RMB million
             Short-term benefits                                                                                                   60                        39
             Post-employment benefits                                                                                               1                         1
             Share-based payments                                                                                                  29                        21
                                                                                                                                   90                        61


            The remuneration of directors and key management is reviewed by the remuneration committee having regard to
            the responsibilities and performance of the relevant individuals and market trends.

      60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES
            The following lists the subsidiaries of the Company as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 which, in the
            opinion of the directors, principally affected the results or assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries
            would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

                                                      Place of            Issued and                     Effective interest
                                                      incorporation/      fully paid share             held by the Company
                                                      establishment/      capital/paid up                    (Note (a))
             Name of subsidiary                       operation           registered capital               2020             2019   Principal activities
             Skyworth Holdings Limited                Samoa               Ordinary share US$1            100%             100%     Investment holding
             創維控股有限公司

             Skyworth Enterprises Limited             Samoa               Ordinary share US$1            100%             100%     Investment holding
             創維實業有限公司

             Skyworth Investment (Holdings) Limited   The British         Ordinary shares HK$893         100%             100%     Investment holding
             創維投資（控股）有限公司                                Virgin Islands   Preference shares HK$990

             Skyworth TV Holdings Limited             Hong Kong           Ordinary shares                100%             100%     Investment holding
             創維電視控股有限公司                                                      HK$30,600,000

                                                                          Non-voting deferred shares
                                                                            HK$2,500,000
                                                                            (Note (b))

             深圳創維 – RGB電子有限公司                         PRC (Note (c))      Registered capital             100%             100%     Manufacture and sale of consumer
             Shenzhen Chuangwei – RGB                                       RMB700,000,000                                           electronic products
               Electronics Co., Ltd.

             新創維電器（深圳）有限公司                            PRC (Note (d))      Registered capital             100%             100%     Manufacture of consumer
             Skyworth Electrical Appliances                                 US$21,180,000                                            electronic products
                (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                                                                                 and property holding




208   Skyworth Group Limited                Annual Report 2020
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December 2020




60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                            Place of                   Issued and                        Effective interest
                                            incorporation/             fully paid share                held by the Company
                                            establishment/             capital/paid up                       (Note (a))
    Name of subsidiary                      operation                  registered capital                  2020             2019      Principal activities
    呼和浩特市創維建設發展有限公司                         PRC (Note (c))             Registered capital                100%             100%        Manufacture and sale of
                                                                         US$24,400,000                                                  consumer electronic
                                                                                                                                        products

    創維集團科技園管理                               PRC (Note (c))             Registered capital                100%             100%        Manufacture of consumer electronic
     有限公司                                                                US$39,500,000                                                  products and property holding

    創維集團有限公司                                PRC (Note (c))             Registered capital                100%             100%        Investment holding
                                                                         HK$1,830,000,000

    Skyworth Multimedia International       Hong Kong                  Ordinary shares HK$10,000         100%             100%        Manufacture and sale of
       Limited                                                                                                                          consumer electronic
    創維多媒體國際有限公司                                                                                                                         products

    Skyworth Overseas Development Limited   Hong Kong                  Ordinary shares HK$10,000         100%             100%        Manufacture and sale of
    創維海外發展有限公司                                                                                                                          consumer electronic
                                                                                                                                        products

    Skyworth Overseas Limited               Hong Kong                  Ordinary shares HK$2              100%             100%        Trading of consumer
    創維海外有限公司                                                                                                                              electronic products

    創維數字股份有限公司                              PRC (Note (f))             Registered capital                56.5%            57.8%       Investment holding
    Skyworth Digital                                                     RMB1,070,931,280             (Note (g))       (Note (g))

    深圳創維數字技術有限公司                            PRC (Note (e))             Registered capital                56.5%            57.8%       Manufacture and sale of
    Shenzhen Skyworth Digital Technology                                 RMB300,000,000               (Note (g))       (Note (g))       consumer electronic
      Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                         products and research
                                                                                                                                        and products development

    深圳市酷開網絡科技股份有限公司                         PRC (Note (c))             Registered capital                57.0%            56.8%       Manufacturing and sale of
     (previously known as 深圳市酷開                                          RMB127,487,687                                                 consumer electronic
     網絡科技有限公司）                                                                                                                          products

    創維液晶器件（深圳）有限公司                          PRC (Note (d))             Registered capital                55.0%            57.8%       Manufacture and sale of
                                                                         HK$25,000,000                                 (Note (g))       consumer electronic
                                                                                                                                        products and research
                                                                                                                                        and products development

    Skyworth Intellectual Property          The British                Ordinary share US$1               100%             100%        Intellectual property holding
       Holdings Limited                        Virgin Islands

    Winform Inc.                            The British Virgin Islands/ Ordinary share US$1              100%             100%        Property holding
                                               Hong Kong

    Skyworth Moulds Industrial              The British                Ordinary shares US$10             100%             100%        Investment holding
       Company Limited                         Virgin Islands

    Skyworth Display Technology             Bermuda                    Ordinary shares HK$100,000          83%              83%       Investment holding
       Holdings Limited
    創維光顯科技控股有限公司




                                                                                                    Annual Report 2020              Skyworth Group Limited                 209
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
                                                     Place of         Issued and                    Effective interest
                                                     incorporation/   fully paid share            held by the Company
                                                     establishment/   capital/paid up                   (Note (a))
             Name of subsidiary                      operation        registered capital              2020             2019   Principal activities
             Skyworth Electronic Appliance Limited   Hong Kong        Ordinary shares               100%           71.25%     Investment holding
                創維電器有限公司                                                 HK$93,114,000

             創維電器股份有限公司                              PRC (Note (d))   Registered capital            74.7%             77%     Manufacture and sale of
              (previously known as                                      US$50,000,000                                           consumer electronic
              南京創維家用電器有限公司)                                                                                                     products and research and
                                                                                                                                products development

             創維集團財務有限公司                              PRC (Note (d))   Registered capital            100%             100%     Financing
                                                                        RMB1,152,670,000

             堔圳創維科技諮詢有限公司                            PRC (Note (d))   Registered capital            100%             100%     Investment holding
                                                                        RMB100,000,000

             Skyworth Financial Management           Hong Kong        Ordinary shares               100%             100%     Treasury management and
                Company Limited                                          HK$500,000,000                                           investment holding
             創維財資管理有限公司

             Skyworth International Trading          Hong Kong        Ordinary shares HK$10,000     100%             100%     Trading
                Limited
             創維國際貿易有限公司

           Notes:


           (a)      The Company directly holds the entire interest in Skyworth Holdings Limited. The interests of all other companies
                    are indirectly held by the Company.


           (b)      The non-voting deferred shares practically carry no rights to dividends nor receive notice of nor to attend or vote at
                    any general meeting of the relevant company nor to participate in any distribution on winding up.


           (c)      The subsidiaries are sino-foreign equity joint ventures registered in the PRC.


           (d)      The subsidiaries are wholly foreign owned enterprises registered in the PRC.


           (e)      The subsidiary is a joint stock limited company registered in the PRC.


           (f)      The subsidiary is a joint stock limited company established under the law of the PRC whose shares are listed on the
                    Shenzhen Stock Exchange.


           (g)      The effective interest held by the Company included 0.01% (2019: 0.83%) equity interest held under treasury
                    shares of a subsidiary of the Company for the purpose of the restricted share incentive scheme of Skyworth Digital
                    as set out in note 48(iii).




210   Skyworth Group Limited              Annual Report 2020
              Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                       For the year ended 31 December 2020




60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities outstanding at 31 December 2020 and 2019 or at any
   time during the year, except for the issuance of convertible bonds by Skyworth Digital and issuance of certain
   corporate bonds by a subsidiary as disclosed in notes 43 and 44 respectively in which the Company has no
   interest.

   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
   interests

   The table below shows details of non-wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company that have material non-
   controlling interests:

                                           Place of              Proportion of
                                           incorporation/   ownership interests and
                                           establishment/    voting rights held by        Profit (loos) allocated to          Accumulated non-
    Name of subsidiary                     operation        non-controlling interests     non-controlling interests          controlling interests
                                                                 2020             2019         2020              2019           2020             2019
                                                                                         RMB million      RMB million     RMB million      RMB million
    Skyworth Digital                       PRC                 43.5%            42.2%           242               191          1,926            1,676

    Shenzhen Coocaa                        PRC                 43.0%            43.2%           128                69            898                 766

    Individually immaterial subsidiaries
       with non-controlling interest                                                              25               24           (143)                (291)
                                                                                                395               284          2,681            2,151


   Summarised financial information in respect of the Group’s subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
   interests is set out below. The summarised financial information below represents amounts before intragroup
   eliminations.




                                                                                         Annual Report 2020             Skyworth Group Limited               211
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
           Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
           interests (Continued)

            Skyworth Digital

                                                                                             2020           2019
                                                                                        RMB million    RMB million
             Current assets                                                                   8,744          8,966
             Non-current assets                                                               1,506          1,581
             Current liabilities                                                             (4,864)        (5,527)
             Non-current liabilities                                                         (1,097)        (1,247)
                                                                                              4,289         3,773
             Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                     2,363         2,097
             Non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital                                    1,820         1,531
             Non-controlling interest of Skyworth Digital’s subsidiaries                        106           145
                                                                                              4,289         3,773


                                                                                             2020           2019
                                                                                        RMB million    RMB million
             Revenue                                                                          8,738          9,096
             Expenses                                                                        (8,143)        (8,621)
             Profit for the year                                                               595            475
             Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                      353            284
             Profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital          272            207
             Loss attributable to the non-controlling interests of
               Skyworth Digital’s subsidiaries                                                  (30)           (16)
             Profit for the year                                                               595            475
             Other comprehensive income (expense) attributable to
               owners of the Company                                                            19             (12)
             Other comprehensive income (expense) attributable to the
               non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital                                    14             (10)
             Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                                  33             (22)
             Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                  372            272
             Total comprehensive income attributable to the
               non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital                                   286            197
             Total comprehensive expense attributable to the
               non-controlling interests of Skyworth Digital’s subsidiaries                     (30)           (16)
             Total comprehensive income for the year                                           628            453
             Net cash inflow from operating activities                                        2,447            59
             Net cash outflow from investing activities                                        (193)         (240)
             Net cash (outflow) inflow from financing activities                               (814)        1,001
             Net cash inflow                                                                  1,440           820




212   Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2020
           Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                               For the year ended 31 December 2020




60. PARTICULARS OF PRINCIPAL SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   Details of non-wholly owned subsidiaries that have material non-controlling
   interests (Continued)
   Shenzhen Coocaa

                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                 RMB million          RMB million
    Current assets                                                                         2,124            1,878
    Non-current assets                                                                       474              466
    Current liabilities                                                                     (456)            (503)
    Non-current liabilities                                                                  (70)             (70)
                                                                                           2,072            1,771
    Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                           1,174            1,005
    Non-controlling interests of Shenzhen Coocaa                                             887              763
    Non-controlling interests of Shenzhen’s Coocaa’s subsidiary                               11                3
                                                                                           2,072            1,771

                                                                                      2020                 2019
                                                                                 RMB million          RMB million
    Revenue                                                                                 1,359             965
    Expenses                                                                               (1,063)           (805)
    Profit for the year                                                                      296             160
    Profit attributable to owners of the Company                                             168               91
    Profit attributable to the non-controlling interests of Shenzhen Coocaa                  127               70
    Profit (loss) attributable to the non-controlling interests of
      Shenzhen Coocaa’s subsidiary                                                              1              (1)
    Profit for the year                                                                      296             160
    Other comprehensive income (expense) attributable to owners
      of the Company                                                                          23              (23)
    Other comprehensive income (expense) attributable to
      the non-controlling interests of Shenzhen Coocaa                                        18              (18)
    Other comprehensive income (expense) for the year                                         41              (41)
    Total comprehensive income attributable to owners of the Company                         191               68
    Total comprehensive income attributable to the
      non-controlling interests of Shenzhen Coocaa                                           145               52
    Total comprehensive income (expense) attributable to non-controlling
      interests of Shenzhen Coocaa’s subsidiaries                                               1              (1)
    Total comprehensive income for the year                                                  337             119
    Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                130              132
    Net cash inflow (outflow) from investing activities                                      260             (137)
    Net cash (outflow) inflow from financing activities                                      (51)              94
    Net cash inflow                                                                          339               89




                                                                      Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited   213
      Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
      For the year ended 31 December 2020




      61. FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
            The following is the statement of financial position of the Company:

                                                                                        2020           2019
                                                                                   RMB million    RMB million
             Non-current Assets
             Interests in subsidiaries                                                   6,819         5,797
             Current Assets
             Other receivables                                                             10             10
             Amounts due from subsidiaries                                                487          2,542
             Bank balances and cash                                                        79              1
                                                                                          576          2,553
             Current Liabilities
             Other payables                                                                 82            76
             Amounts due to subsidiaries                                                 2,098         1,137
             Corporate bonds                                                                 –         1,990
                                                                                         2,180         3,203
             Net Current Liabilities                                                    (1,604)         (650)
             Total Assets less Current Liabilities                                       5,215         5,147
             Non-current Liability
             Corporate bonds                                                               77              –
             Net Assets                                                                  5,138         5,147
             Capital and Reserves
             Share capital                                                                 273           308
             Reserves                                                                    4,865         4,839
                                                                                         5,138         5,147




214   Skyworth Group Limited      Annual Report 2020
               Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
                                                                                                          For the year ended 31 December 2020




61. FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
   The followings are the movements in reserves of the Company for the current year and prior period:

                                                                                                 Shares held
                                                                        Share         Share        for share
                                                         Share         option        award            award       Surplus Accumulated
                                                      premium         reserve       reserve          scheme       account      profits          Total
                                                     RMB million   RMB million   RMB million      RMB million   RMB million RMB million    RMB million
    Balance at 1 January 2019                             3,292            67            10              (98)       1,006          593          4,870
    Profit and total comprehensive income
      for the year                                            –             –              –               –            –           91             91
    Recognition of equity-settled share-based
      payments (note 48)                                      –            28            10                –            –             –            38
    Shares vested under share award scheme of
      the Company                                             –             –            (10)             15            –            (5)            –
    Dividends recognised as distribution (note 14)            –             –              –               –            –          (160)         (160)
    Balance at 31 December 2019                           3,292            95            10              (83)       1,006          519          4,839
    Profit and total comprehensive income
      for the year                                            –             –              –               –            –          905            905
    Recognition of equity-settled share-based
      payments (note 48)                                      –            13            40                –            –             –            53
    Lapse of share option                                     –            (1)            –                –            –             1             –
    Share vested under share award scheme of
      the Company                                             –             –            (50)             83            –           (33)            –
    Repurchase of shares                                   (932)            –              –               –            –             –          (932)
    Balance at 31 December 2020                           2,360           107              –               –        1,006         1,392         4,865




                                                                                               Annual Report 2020       Skyworth Group Limited           215
      Financial Summary



      RESULTS

                                                                                       For the
                                                                                  nine months
                                                  For the year ended                    ended         For the year ended
                                                     31 December                 31 December               31 March
                                                     2020           2019                 2018            2018           2017
                                               RMB million    RMB million         RMB million       RMB million   RMB million
       Revenue                                       40,093            37,277           30,192           39,271            36,515
       Cost of sales                                (32,929)          (29,775)         (24,534)         (32,726)          (29,213)
       Gross profit                                      7,164          7,502            5,658            6,545             7,302
       Other income                                      1,233          1,071              628            1,139             1,308
       Other gains and losses                            1,144            275              (13)            (178)              248
       Impairment loss recognised
          respect of financial assets                     (179)          (223)            (277)              (77)             (78)
       Selling and distribution expenses                (3,477)        (3,757)          (2,862)           (3,873)          (4,339)
       General and administrative
          expenses                                      (1,415)        (1,014)            (833)             (868)          (1,131)
       Research and development
          expenses                                      (1,865)        (1,843)          (1,327)           (1,604)          (1,310)
       Finance costs                                      (440)          (484)            (335)             (322)            (306)
       Share of results of associates                       15             21                9                10                –
       Share of results of joint ventures                    –              5                –                (1)              (3)
       Profit before taxation                            2,180          1,553              648               771            1,691
       Income tax expense                                 (345)          (522)             (95)             (272)            (388)
       Profit for the year                               1,835          1,031              553               499            1,303
       Attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                           1,440            747              420               459            1,116
         Non-controlling interests                         395            284              133                40              187
                                                         1,835          1,031              553               499            1,303

      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                          As at 31 December                             As at 31 March
                                                    2020            2019         2018                    2018          2017
                                               RMB million    RMB million   RMB million             RMB million   RMB million
       Total consolidated assets                     53,684            47,538           45,160           43,101            38,193
       Total consolidated liabilities               (34,693)          (29,395)         (27,805)         (26,557)          (23,280)
       Netassets                                        18,991        18,143            17,355           16,544           14,913
       Attributable to:
         Owners of the Company                          16,310        15,992            15,470           14,922           13,730
         Non-controlling interests                       2,681         2,151             1,885            1,622            1,183
                                                        18,991        18,143            17,355           16,544           14,913

      During the nine months ended 31 December 2018, the Group had first applied HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 15. The Group has
      applied HKFRS 9 in accordance with the transition provisions set out in HKFRS 9 and has not applied the requirements
      to instruments that have already been derecognised as at 1 April 2018 and has applied HKFRS 15 retrospectively with
      the cumulative effect of initially applying this standard recognised at the date of initial application (i.e. 1 April 2018).
      Accordingly, certain financial information for the years ended 31 March 2018 and 2017 as set out above may not be
      comparable to the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 and nine months ended 31 December 2018 as such
      comparative information was prepared under HKAS 18 and HKAS 39.

      During the year ended 31 December 2019, the Group has applied HKFRS 16 for the first time and has elected the
      applicable practical expedient for not reassess contracts which already existed prior to the date of initial application (i.e.
      1 January 2019). The financial information as set out above for the nine months ended 31 December 2018 and years
      ended 31 March 2018 and 2017 have therefore not been restated on initial application of HKFRS 16.



216   Skyworth Group Limited       Annual Report 2020
                                                                                       Financial Review



Amounts expressed in RMB millions (except for share data and items specifically stated)


                                                                           Nine months
                                                                                 ended
                                          Year ended 31 December           31 December            Year ended 31 March
                                                 2020              2019             2018             2018           2017
    OPERATING RESULTS
    Revenue                                    40,093           37,277            30,192           39,271         36,515
    EBIT                                        2,620            2,037               973            1,083          1,993
    Profit attributable to owners of
      the Company                                1,440              747              420              459          1,116

    DATA PER SHARE (CENTS)
    Earnings per share – basic (RMB)             49.23            24.61            13.85             15.21         38.04
    Dividend per share (HK$)                         –                –              6.0               9.0          14.6
    Dividend payout ratio                        0.0%             0.0%            38.3%             50.9%         33.6%

    KEY STATISTICS
    Equity attributable to owners of
       the Company                             16,310           15,992            15,470           14,922         13,730
    Working capital****                        11,401            7,388             8,636            9,731          8,247
    Cash position*                              9,841            6,102             3,772            8,142          4,528
    Borrowings                                 11,387            8,177             6,324            7,476          7,089
    Corporate bonds (inclusive of
       interest)                                   920            2,029            2,026             2,050                –
    Convertible bonds (inclusive of
       interest)                                   917              927                –                 –             –
    Bills receivables                            4,489            4,835            6,942             5,414         5,745
    Trade receivables                            9,162            9,430            9,474             7,003         5,030
    Inventories                                  6,004            4,909            6,031             5,202         5,913
    Depreciation and amortisation                  917              870              541               676           597

    KEY RATIOS
    ROE (%)                                        8.9              4.7              2.7               3.1           8.1
    ROA (%)                                        3.6              2.2              1.2               1.0           3.0
    Debt to equity (%)**                          69.6             61.4             48.1              57.6          47.5
    Current ratio (times)                          1.4              1.3              1.4               1.4           1.4
    Trade receivable turnover period
      excluding portion arising from
      discounted bills receivable
      (days)***                                    127              150              131              105               102
    Inventories turnover period
      (days)***                                     64               72               65                62            65
    Gross profit margin (%)                       17.9             20.1             18.7              16.7          20.0
    EBITDA margin (%)                              8.1              7.8              5.0               4.5           7.1
    EBIT margin (%)                                6.5              5.5              3.2               2.8           5.5
    Profit margin (%)                              4.6              2.8              1.8               1.3           3.6

*       Cash position refers to pledged bank deposits, restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash

**      (Borrowings + corporate bonds + convertible bonds)/total equity

*** Calculation based on average inventory, average sum of bills receivables and trade receivables at amortised cost
    and at FVTOCI

**** Excluding assets and liabilities associated with assets classified as held for sale




                                                                             Annual Report 2020     Skyworth Group Limited    217
      Investor Relations



      CALENDAR OF MAJOR IR ACTIVITIES

      January – December 2020

       Time                     Events
       January                  •    Morgan Stanley China New Economy Summit 2020, Beijing China
                                •    Conference call for institutional investors, arranged by First Shanghai Securities
                                     Limited

       March                    •    2019 (January – December 2019) Annual Results Announcement
                                •    2019 Annual Results Presentation Audio Live Webcasting (with archive)

       April                    •    Conference calls for Annual Results Roadshow, arranged by CMB International
                                •    Conference calls for Annual Results Roadshow, arranged by BOCI Asia Limited
                                •    Conference Call for US Investors, Arranged by JNK Securities Corp

       June                     •    Asia Pacific Opportunities Summit (Virtual Conference), arranged by Institutional
                                     Capital Advisory (Asia) Limited (ICA)

       August                   •    2020 (January – June 2020) Interim Results Announcement

       September                •    Morgan Stanley Virtual Asia TMT Summit (Virtual Conference)
                                •    2020 Interim Results Presentation Live Audio Webcast (with archive)
                                •    Conference Call for Taiwanese Life Insurance companies and QFII companies, arranged
                                     by Cathay Securities Corporation, Taiwan
                                •    Asia Insights Forum (Virtual Event), arranged by Institutional Capital Advisory (ICA)
                                •    Morgan Stanley Virtual Asia Pacific Conference (Virtual Conference)

       November                 •    Morgan Stanley Virtual Asia Pacific Summit (Virtual Conference)




218   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                                                                Corporate Information



BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                      Remuneration Committee
                                                        Mr. Li Weibin (Chairman)
Executive Directors
                                                        Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
Mr. Lai Weide (Chairman of the Board)
                                                        Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)
Mr. Liu Tangzhi (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                        Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement
Ms. Lin Wei Ping
                                                         (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)
Mr. Shi Chi
                                                        Ms. Lin Wei Ping
Mr. Lin Jin
Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric
                                                        COMPANY SECRETARY
 (Appointed with effect from 28 February 2020)
                                                        Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric
Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Li Weibin                                           AUTHORISED REPRESENTATIVES
Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry
                                                        Ms. Lin Wei Ping
Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)
                                                        Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric
Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement
 (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)
                                                        AUDITOR
MEMBERS OF COMMITTEES                                   Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                                        Certified Public Accountants and
Audit Committee
                                                          Registered Public Interest Entity Auditors
Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry (Chairman)
Mr. Li Weibin
                                                        LEGAL ADVISOR
Mr. Li Ming (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)
Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement                                Reed Smith Richards Butler
 (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)             Michael Li & Co.

Executive Committee                                     PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Mr. Lai Weide (Chairman of the Board)
                                                        Bank of China Limited
Mr. Liu Tangzhi (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                        China Construction Bank Corporation
Ms. Lin Wei Ping
                                                        China Guangfa Bank Co., Ltd.
Mr. Shi Chi
                                                        China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Mr. Lin Jin
                                                        DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Mr. Huang Mingyan
                                                        Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited
Mr. Wu Qinan
                                                        Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd.
Mr. Lam Shing Choi, Eric
                                                        Standard Chartered Bank (Hong Kong) Limited
Mr. Wu Wei
Mr. Ying Yiming
                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
Nomination Committee                                    Clarendon House
Mr. Li Ming (Chairman)                                  2 Church Street
 (Resigned with effect from 18 March 2020)              Hamilton HM 11
Mr. Hung Ka Hai, Clement (Chairman)                     Bermuda
 (Appointed with effect from 18 March 2020)
Mr. Li Weibin                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
Mr. Cheong Ying Chew, Henry                             HONG KONG
Ms. Lin Wei Ping
                                                        Rooms 1601-04 Westlands Centre
                                                        20 Westlands Road
                                                        Quarry Bay
                                                        Hong Kong



                                                                    Annual Report 2020    Skyworth Group Limited   219
      Corporate Information



      BERMUDA PRINCIPAL SHARE
      REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
      Conyers Corporate Services (Bermuda) Limited
      Clarendon House
      2 Church Street
      Hamilton HM 11
      Bermuda

      HONG KONG BRANCH SHARE
      REGISTRAR AND TRANSFER OFFICE
      Hong Kong Registrars Limited
      Rooms 1712-16
      Hopewell Centre
      183 Queen’s Road East
      Wan Chai, Hong Kong

      SHARES LISTING
      Shares of the Company are listed on The Stock Exchange
        of Hong Kong Limited
      Stock Code: 00751

      COMPANY WEBSITE
      http://www.skyworth.com




220   Skyworth Group Limited    Annual Report 2020
                           Skyworth Group Limited
                                                    (formerly known as SKYWORTH DIGITAL HOLDINGS LIMITED 創維數碼控股有限公司 )
                                                    (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
                                                    Stock Code : 00751.HK




Skyworth Group Limited
Stock Code : 00751.HK




                            Annual Report 2020
                                                    Annual Report
1601-04 Westlands Centre
20 Westlands Road
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
                                                    2020
Tel: (852) 2856 3138
Fax: (852) 2856 3590

www.skyworth.com
