 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IMPORTANT NOTICE
          I. The Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company
          undertake that the information in this annual report is true, accurate and complete and contains no false record,
          misleading statement or material omission, and assume individual and joint legal liabilities to the information in this
          report.

          II. This report was considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company.

          III. Director(s) absent from the meeting

          Position of absent Director          Name of absent Director             Reasons for absence              Name of proxy
          Independent Director                 Wang Bing                           Business engagement              Wang Quansheng


          IV. None of the Directors and Supervisors had objections towards this report.

          V. The annual financial report prepared in accordance with the CASBE and the IFRS was audited by Deloitte Touche
          Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP and Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, respectively, which issued a standard
          unqualified audit report to the Company.

          VI. Zhang Wei, the person in charge of the Company, Jiao Xiaoning, the person in charge of accounting, and Zhang Xiaodi,
          the officer in charge of the accounting office of the Company (head of accounting department), hereby warrant and
          guarantee that the financial report contained in the annual report is true, accurate and complete.

          VII. The profit distribution proposal or the reserve capitalization proposal for the Reporting Period have been considered
          and approved by the Board.

          According to the 2023 annual financial statements of the Company, the net profit of the Parent Company for 2023
          reached RMB10,466,720,027.50. According to relevant provisions of the Company Law, Securities Law, Financial Rules for
          Financial Enterprises (《金融企業財務規則》) and the Articles of Association, the Company had appropriated 10% statutory
          surplus reserve, 10% general risk reserve and 10% trading risk reserve of RMB3,140,016,008.25 in total, after which the profit
          available for distribution for the year was RMB7,326,704,019.25. Taking into account the balance of undistributed profit
          in previous years, as of December 31, 2023, the undistributed profit presented in the financial statements of the Parent
          Company of the Company as at the end of period was RMB26,560,767,758.75.

          According to relevant requirements of the CSRC, the gains arising from the fair value changes in distributable profit
          of securities companies shall not be used for cash distribution to shareholders. As at the end of December 2023, the
          accumulated fair value changes in distributable profit of the Parent Company were RMB2,874,964,524.65, after deduction
          of which as required, the profit of the Parent Company available for distribution to investors in cash amounted to
          RMB23,685,803,234.10.

          After comprehensive consideration of factors such as the interests of shareholders and the development of the Company,
          the 2023 profit distribution proposal of the Company is as follows:

          1. The Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB0.43 (tax inclusive) per share based on the Company’s existing total
          share capital of 9,029,384,840.00 shares, with the total cash dividend of RMB3,882,635,481.20 (tax inclusive), representing
          30.45% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2023.

          If the total share capital of the Company changes as a result of repurchase and cancellation of shares granted in the
          equity incentive during the period from the disclosure date of this proposal to the record date of the implementation of
          the dividend distribution, the Company intends to maintain the distribution ratio per share unchanged and adjust the total
          distribution accordingly. The remaining profits available for distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next year.

          2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the depositary of GDRs)
          and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding the investors of Southbound Trading)
          in HKD. The actual distribution amount in HKD shall be calculated at the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB against
          HKD issued by the PBOC five business days prior to the date of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company.




004
VIII. Forward-looking statements including future plans and development strategies involved in this annual report do not                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023

constitute the Company’s substantive commitments to investors. The investors are advised to pay attention to investment
risks.

IX. There is no non-operating misappropriation of funds of the Company by any controlling shareholders and their related
parties during the Reporting Period.

X. The Company has not provided any external guarantees in violation of the stipulated decision-making procedures
during the Reporting Period.

XI. During the Reporting Period, there exists no such circumstance that more than half of the Directors could not guarantee


                                                                                                                                            About Us
the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of the annual report disclosed by the Company.

XII. The report is prepared by the Company in both Chinese and English. In the event of any inconsistency, the Chinese
version shall prevail.

XIII. Warning on Major Risks

Domestic and external macroeconomy and monetary policies, laws and regulations on financial and securities industries,
changing trends in real economy and financial industries and other factors may all have an impact on the Company’s
business. Meanwhile, like other companies in the securities industry, inherent risks in the securities market such as market



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
volatility and market liquidity may also affect the Company’s business.

Main risks in business operation faced by the Company include: policy risks arising from national macro-control measures,



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
changes in laws, regulations, relevant regulatory policies and transaction rules in capital market and securities industry,
which will adversely influence the business of securities companies; compliance risks arising from business management
or professional activities of the Company or its employees violating laws, regulations or codes, which cause the Company
bearing legal responsibility, being subject to regulatory measures and disciplinary sanctions, suffering from property or
business reputation loss; legal risks arising from the Company’s failure to abide by provisions and requirements of laws and
regulations, which expose the Company to litigations, compensation and fines and suffer from loss; market risks arising
from fluctuations in market prices (interest rates, exchange rates, stock prices and commodity prices, etc.), which make the
Company suffer from loss in assets; credit risks arising from default of financiers, issuers or counterparties, etc., which make




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
the Company suffer from loss; liquidity risks arising from the Company’s inability to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable
cost in time to pay matured debts, fulfil other payment obligations and satisfy the capital needs for normal business;
information technology risks such as technical failure or data leakage of the Company’s information system resulting
from internal and external reasons, which incur losses due to the system’s failure to consequently guarantee the stability,
high-efficiency and safety of transactions and business management in business realization, response speed, processing
capacity, data security and so on; operational risks arising from loss-causing incomplete or problematic internal
procedures, personnel, systems or external incidents; reputational risk of negative comments on the Company by investors,
issuers, regulatory authorities, disciplinary organizations, the public and the media arising from the Company’s behaviors
or external events, and its employees’ violation of integrity rules, professional ethics, business norms, and industrial rules
and regulations, which may damage the brand value of the Company, hinder its normal operation, and even undermine
the market and social stability; money laundering risks arising from the utilization of the Company’s products or services by




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
criminals to engage in money laundering activities which lead to negative effects on the Company’s legitimacy, reputation,
compliance, operation and other aspects; integrity risks arising from abuse of official power for personal gain by the
employees of the Company, which may cause harm or negative impact to the Company. Besides, with the advancement




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
of the Company’s internationalization strategy, the Company’s business expands into the United States, the United Kingdom,
Singapore, Hong Kong and other countries and regions, and the Company is exposed to more complex market environment
and regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                                   005
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          DEFINITIONS
          In this report, unless the context otherwise requires, the following terms and expressions have the meanings set forth below:


          DEFINITIONS OF CAPITALIZED TERMS AND EXPRESSIONS

                                                            domestic share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
          A Share(s)
                                                            which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and traded in RMB

          AoP                                               Assets on Platform

          APP                                               Application

                                                            the articles of association of the Company, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified
          Articles of Association
                                                            from time to time

          AssetMark                                         AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., a holding subsidiary of Huatai International

          Bank of Jiangsu                                   Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限公司 )

          Beijing Stock Exchange                            the Beijing Stock Exchange ( 北京證券交易所 )

          Board or Board of Directors                       the board of Directors of the Company

          CAGR                                              compound annual growth rate

          CASBE                                             the China Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises ( 中國企業會計準則 )

          China or the PRC                                  the People’s Republic of China

          China Southern Asset Management                   China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )

          Communications Holding                            Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 )

                                                            Company Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國公司法》), as amended from
          Company Law
                                                            time to time

          CSRC                                              the China Securities Regulatory Commission ( 中國證券監督管理委員會 )

          Director(s)                                       director(s) of the Company

          FICC                                              fixed income, currency and commodity

                                                            a business activity in which securities firms, as commissioned by futures companies, introduce
          Futures IB Business                               clients to participate in futures transactions of futures companies and provide other related
                                                            services

          GDR                                               global depository receipt

          Govtor Capital                                    Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司 )

          Group, Our Group, we or us                        the Company and its subsidiaries, and their respective predecessors

                                                            Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信集團有限公司 , formerly known as Jiangsu
                                                            Guoxin Asset Management Group Limited ( 江蘇省國信資產管理集團有限公司 ))
          Guoxin Group

                                                            foreign share(s) in the share capital of the Company with nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
          H Share(s)
                                                            which are listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and traded in HK dollars

          HKEX                                              Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited ( 香港交易及結算所有限公司 )

          HK$, HKD or HK dollars                            the lawful currency of Hong Kong

          Hong Kong                                         the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

          Hong Kong Stock Exchange                          The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited ( 香港聯合交易所有限公司 )

                                                            a joint stock company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability under the corporate name
                                                            华泰证券股份有限公司 (Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.), converted from our predecessor 华泰证券
                                                            有 限 责 任 公 司 (Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company) on December 7, 2007, carrying
                                                            on business in Hong Kong as “HTSC”, and was registered as a registered non-Hong Kong
                                                            company under Part 16 of the Companies Ordinance under the Chinese approved name of “ 華
                                                            泰六八八六股份有限公司 ” and English name of “Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.”; the H Shares of which
          HTSC, Huatai Securities, our Company,
          Company or Parent Company
                                                            have been listed on the main board of Hong Kong Stock Exchange since June 1, 2015 (Stock
                                                            Code: 6886); the A Shares of which have been listed on the SSE since February 26, 2010 (Stock
                                                            Code: 601688); and the global depository receipts of which have been listed on the London
                                                            Stock Exchange plc since June 2019 (Symbol: HTSC), unless the context otherwise requires,
                                                            including its predecessor

                                                            Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產管理有限公司 ), a
          Huatai Asset Management
                                                            wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

                                                            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 ), a wholly-owned
          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                            subsidiary of Huatai International

          Huatai Futures                                    Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. ( 華泰期貨有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company

                                                            Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華 泰 創 新 投 資 有 限 公 司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
          Huatai Innovative Investment
                                                            the Company




006
                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                            Huatai International Financial Holdings Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公司 ), a wholly-
Huatai International
                                            owned subsidiary of the Company

Huatai-PineBridge                           Huatai-PineBridge Fund Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰柏瑞基金管理有限公司 )

                                            Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華泰紫金投資有限責任公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Huatai Purple Gold Investment
                                            the Company

                                            Huatai Securities (USA), Inc. ( 華泰證券 ( 美國 ) 有限公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai
Huatai Securities (USA)
                                            International

                                            Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. ( 華泰聯合證券有限責任公司 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
Huatai United Securities
                                            Company

IFRS(s)                                     the International Financial Reporting Standards

IPO(s)                                      the initial public offering

                                                                                                                                                        About Us
IT                                          information technology

                                            Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權交易中心有限責任公司 ), a holding subsidiary of the
Jiangsu Equity Exchange
                                            Company

                                            State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial
                                            Government ( 江蘇省政府國有資產監督管理委員會 )
Jiangsu SASAC

Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau        Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC ( 中國證監會江蘇監管局 )

                                            the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (as
Listing Rules or Hong Kong Listing Rules
                                            amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time)

                                            the London Stock Exchange plc ( 倫敦證券交易所 )


                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
London Stock Exchange or LSE

                                            the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in Appendix
Model Code
                                            C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules




                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
MSCI                                        Morgan Stanley Capital International Index

NEEQ                                        the National Equities Exchange and Quotations for small and medium-sized enterprises

NMAU                                        the number of monthly active users

OTC                                         over-the-counter

PBOC                                        the People’s Bank of China

QFII                                        qualified foreign institutional investor

Reporting Period                            the year ended December 31, 2023




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                                            Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China (《中華人民共和國證券法》), as amended from
Securities Law
                                            time to time

SFC                                         the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ( 香港證券及期貨事務監察委員會 )

                                            the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), as amended,
SFO
                                            supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

                                            Shanghai Brilliance Credit Rating & Investors Service Co., Ltd. ( 上海新世紀資信評估投資服務有限公
                                            司)
Shanghai Brilliance

Shanghai Clearing House                     the Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd. ( 銀行間市場清算所股份有限公司 )

Shanghai Stock Exchange or SSE              the Shanghai Stock Exchange ( 上海證券交易所 )

Shenzhen Stock Exchange                     the Shenzhen Stock Exchange ( 深圳證券交易所 )

Singapore Subsidiary                        Huatai Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
Huatai Foundation                           Jiangsu Huatai Foundation ( 江蘇省華泰公益基金會 )

STAR Market                                 science and technology innovation board of SSE

Supervisor(s)                               supervisor(s) of the Company




                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Supervisory Committee                       the supervisory committee of the Company

                                            Turn-key Asset Management Platform, a technological platform providing services such as
TAMP                                        investment products and strategies, assets portfolio management, customer relationship
                                            management and asset custody, as well as corporate operation

USD or US dollar                            the lawful currency of the United States of America

VAR                                         value at risk

                                            Wind Information Co., Ltd. ( 萬 得 信 息 技 術 股 份 有 限 公 司 ), a service provider of financial data,
Wind Information
                                            information and software in Mainland China

%                                           per cent.


In the 2023 Annual Report, any discrepancies between the total shown and the sum of the amounts listed are due to rounding; and any
discrepancies in the change percentages of an item are due to the difference of currency unit of the item.




                                                                                                                                               007
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CEO'S LETTER




          Dear Shareholders:                                             under customers’ accounts amounted nearly RMB5 trillion.
                                                                         The rapid size growth, the steady increase in customers
          As times forge ahead, a bright future is expected.
                                                                         and the increasingly diversified business layout also
          The global economy was under unprecedented changes             reflected the rapid development of China’s economy,
          in 2023: the wave of artificial intelligence brought about     which also boosted the Company’s firm confidence and
          the possibility on new industrial reshaping; China is          strength in achieving common growth with customers
          experiencing the accelerating transition from old              and making progress with the times.
          economic drivers to new ones; and the restructuring
                                                                         Serving new quality productive forces and seizing
          of the division of work in global industries and trade
                                                                         revolutionary innovation opportunities. New
          patterns accelerated. The driving model of social and
                                                                         quality productive forces have become the main line for
          economic growth was experiencing profound changes.
                                                                         the development of China’s economy in the future. For
          As a bridge connecting real economies and the capital
                                                                         years, the Company has accompanied various scientific
          market, securities companies strengthen the awareness
                                                                         and technological innovation enterprises with different
          of serving the nation with financial services and undertake
                                                                         endowments in their startup, development and even
          the historical mission in serving the building of modern
                                                                         leading the sector. It has a profound understanding of the
          industrial systems. Huatai Securities has always adhered to
                                                                         inner logic of scientific and technological innovation and
          the orientation of national strategies and makes choices
                                                                         industrial growth in resources demand, organizational
          based on the long-term trends of real economies for years.
                                                                         models, target setting and results delivering. Such
          We initiatively gave up short-term revenue from serving
                                                                         difficult but correct process developed the outstanding
          outdated industries with high pollution and high energy
                                                                         reputation and professional quality of the Company in
          consumption over ten years ago. We firmly served and
                                                                         serving scientific and technological innovation enterprises,
          supported the first batch of scientific and technological
                                                                         leading the sustainable development of all businesses
          innovation enterprises in China in entering the capital
                                                                         of the Company. The Company will further explore new
          market. We integrated global resources and promoted
                                                                         quality productive forces in the early stage of incubation,
          the manufacturing industry in China to constantly achieve
                                                                         prospectively seize innovation opportunities in leading
          upgrading and transformation. The Company resonated
                                                                         future development and move forward with more
          with the pulse of the times through reforms, practiced the
                                                                         industrial giants in the future.
          original aspiration in serving real economies and strived to
          develop core competitiveness across cycles.                    Deeply tapping into the upper and down streams
                                                                         of industrial chains and smoothening channels
          In 2023, the Company’s asset size and profitability steadily
                                                                         for conversion of innovation results. It is required
          ranked in the forefront of the industry. As of the end of
                                                                         to fully display of the capabilities of the capital market
          2023, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB905,508
                                                                         in resources allocation and asset pricing and introduce
          million and total equity attributable to shareholders of
                                                                         more medium – and long-term capitals to accelerate the
          the Company amounted to RMB179,108 million. In 2023, the
                                                                         transformation of scientific and technological results. The
          Group recorded total revenue, other income and gains
                                                                         Company persistently focused on key industries, deeply
          of RMB52,260 million and a profit for the year attributable
                                                                         deployed on the upper and down streams of industrial
          to shareholders of the Company of RMB12,751 million. The
                                                                         chains, coordinated resources in the full business chains
          overall business size of the Company also expanded
                                                                         covering research, investment banking and investment
          steadily. It served over 21 million customers and assets




008
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
and provided enterprises with full life cycle services. In    driven by the headquarters on investment advisory teams,
terms of technology and advanced manufacturing, the           facilitate the high-efficient linkage of “investors-advisors-
Company continuously strengthened participation in            platforms” and develop a leading wealth management
industrial chains on semiconductors, new energy vehicles,     brand in the securities industry with high recognition.
consumer electronics and high-end equipment and
vigorously deployed on artificial intelligence, quantum       Improving the “One Huatai” service system. The
                                                              Company will classify and focus on the demands of key
technology and other new tracks. In terms of energy and
                                                              corporate and institutional customers for financial services
environmental protection, the Company focused on lithium
                                                              based on the profound understanding of industrial
battery and photovoltaic sectors and achieved complete
                                                              development and bottom assets in the investment
layout on all links of industrial chains from upstream
                                                              banking business. With the linkage and coordination with
materials and midstream products to downstream
                                                              institutional sales, it will efficiently integrate resources in

                                                                                                                                         About Us
application. In terms of healthcare, the Company paid
                                                              the entire business chains covering research, investment
close attention to the technological innovation capability
                                                              trading and prime brokerage, leverage on capability
of pharmaceutical enterprises and has developed
                                                              advantages in asset discovery, transaction pricing and
various benchmark projects with market influence in
                                                              risk management and achieve integrated operation on
pharmaceutical, innovative drugs, medical devices and
                                                              customer value to develop the best financial service
medical services as well as other sectors.
                                                              solutions cross various markets and categories for
Facilitating domestic economic cycle and                      customers.
participating in high-level international competitions.
The great achievements in China’s economy were                Unleashing the value of integration of “business +
accomplished in integrating with global economy and           technology”. The Company will comprehensively deepen


                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                              the support of technology to business operation and
continuous opening up. The new round of industrial
                                                              continuously explore new business and operation models
upgrading will be realized in high-level international
                                                              with its leading technology capabilities. It will also actively


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
competition and cooperation. Adhering to the origin of
                                                              embrace cutting-edge technologies, speed up in the
investment banking and leveraging on the domestic and
                                                              deep integration of AI technology and the financial sector
overseas integrated service structures and professional
                                                              and explore new quality productive forces of securities
capabilities, the Company provides enterprises with
                                                              companies.
customized solutions on overseas listing and financing,
cross-border M&As and regional business splitting and         Enhancing bottom-line thinking and risk management
assists enterprises in expanding new markets, seeking         capabilities. The Company will adhere to the concept
new increments and integrating into the global innovation     that “compliance is the bottom line and risk management
network. The Company also actively recommends                 is a capability”, fully adapt to the scaled, advanced and




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
high-quality Chinese assets to international investors        international development of its businesses, establish
to pool more international high-quality capitals for          and improve domestic and overseas integrated risk
the establishment of new ecosystems on opening and            management systems and build the core competitiveness
innovation in China and facilitate the brand building         of the Company in long-term and steady development.
on “making China a favored destination for foreign
investment”. The Company’s comprehensive strength in          Initiatively undertaking and fulfilling responsibilities
international business was increasingly enhanced during       and acting as the “watchman” of the capital market.
the process. In 2023, total assets of Huatai International    The Company will promote enterprises to continuously
exceeded HK$200 billion, ranking it in the forefront of the   improve governance with professional services, strictly
leading Chinese-funded securities firms in Hong Kong.         control the quality of listed companies and allow investors
                                                              to share the growth dividends of high-quality enterprises.
China’s economy is advancing towards high-quality             Meanwhile, it will actively perform social responsibilities
development amid market headwinds. Huatai Securities          and continue to carry out more professional and
will adhere to the “two-pronged” ( 雙輪驅動 ) development



                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                                                              pragmatic public welfare programs in rural revitalization,
strategy of wealth management and institutional services      ecological and environmental protection and the
under technology empowerment, constantly enhance              development of young talents to make its contributions
its financial service capabilities and integrate its own      in promoting social fairness and justice and facilitating




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
development into the general high-quality development         sustainable development.
of the nation.
                                                              Born and grown here, we have a shared destiny with the
Adhering to the investor-oriented concept. For the            land where we are deeply rooted. The new journey of high-
wealth management business, the Company will focus            quality development has been initiated and the wave of
on “creating value for its customers”, develop leading        innovative technologies is rising. We will keep an insight on
financial products, asset allocation strategies and           the trend of changes, continuously carry out self-revolution
operation service systems, improve the professional           and always insist on difficult but correct things. We will
capabilities of investment advisory teams and provide         always grow with our customers and create long-term
customers with customized and customized wealth               value in serving real economies!
management services to practically enhance investors’
sense of accomplishment. Meanwhile, the Company will                                                          CEO Zhou Yi
consolidate the financial middle platform, strengthen the                                                   March 28, 2024
comprehensive empowerment of integrated operation




                                                                                                                                009
012
 HIGHLIGHTS OF THE ANNUAL RESULTS
                                        In the Reporting Period, the Group realized a total of 52.26 billion
                                        RMB for revenue, other income and gains, which is an year-on-
                                        year growth of 11.61%; the year's profit attributable to shareholders
                                        of the Company is 12.751 billion RMB, which is an year-on-year
                                        growth of 15.35%, and the overall performance is firmly in the top
                                        of the industry. With continued emphasis on shareholder returns,
  The Group steadily improved its       since its A share listing in 2010, the total cash dividend of the
profitability with continued emphasis   Company is 32.984 billion RMB. Also, the Company carried forward
       on shareholder returns.          cancellation of repurchased shares in the Reporting Period.




                                        In the Reporting Period, the Group’s scale of clients exceeded
                                        21 million, with nearly 5 trillion RMB of client account assets. The
                                        scale of fund custody and service business exceeded 1 trillion
                                        RMB. The quality of customers was constantly improved, and the
                                        advantages of platform-based and integrated services were
 The client basis has been steadily
                                        highlighted.
 enlarged, and the service system
      coordinates as a whole.




                                        In the Reporting Period, the FICC Da Xiang Trading Platform (FICC
                                        大 象 交 易 平 台 ) project of the Group won the only first prize in the
                                        securities company category of the 2022 Fintech Development
                                        Award of the People's Bank of China. Digital finance empowering
                                        technology achieved remarkable results in the application, middle
 The core platform won the highest
                                        and fundamental tier.
  award, leading the industry with
    digital finance advantages.




                                        In the Reporting Period, NMAU of the Group’s "Zhangle Fortune
                                        Path" and its stock and fund trading volume continued to maintain
                                        the top position in the securities industry; the holding scale of non-
                                        monetary market public offering funds and the balance of margin
   Wealth management business
                                        financing and securities lending ranked second in the securities
    maintained its leading edge,
                                        industry.
   platform-based, professional
  characteristics more prominent.


                                        In the Reporting Period, the Group's science and technology
                                        innovation board market making, fund market making and equity
                                        derivatives market making business continued to maintain the
                                        leading position the industry; the Group ranked in the forefront
                                        of the industry in the trading of cash bond and derivatives in the
       More prominent trading           interbank market and the exchange market, and obtained the
  advantages, capability of asset       qualification of the main market maker of exchange bonds in the
 pricing and product creation leads     first batch; the scale of creating credit protection tools ranked first
            the industry.               in the industry.
                                         In the Reporting Period, the Group's international business
                                         performance ranked among the top Chinese securities
                                         companies in Hong Kong. The number of Hong Kong IPO
                                         sponsorship projects ranked second in the market; the number
   International business has made       of GDR issuing projects ranked first in the market; AssetMark's
 steady progress, and cross-border       total platform assets surpassed 100 billion USD.
 integration has been strengthened.




                                         From 2012 to the end of the Reporting Period, the Group served
                                         more than 240 technological innovative enterprises in total,
                                         adding up to 9 trillion RMB in market cap; the Group served a
                                         number of outstanding enterprises in the new energy, great
Technology finance digging deep into     health and TMT industries to make themselves bigger and
strategic emerging industries, assists   stronger in domestic and overseas capital markets.
acceleration of new quality productive
         forces development.




                                         In the Reporting Period, the Group underwrote green equity
                                         projects of 30.4 billion RMB and green bonds of 27.5 billion RMB
                                         as principal underwriter; obtained the qualification of carbon
                                         emission right trading, and landed the first domestic spot
                                         transaction of carbon emission right and the first buy-out repo
     Green finance expanded in
                                         transaction of carbon quota of the Group.
   depth and opened up new area
    of carbon financial services.




                                         In the Reporting Period, the Group was awarded the first grade in
                                         the 2023 practice quality evaluation of securities companies by
                                         Beijing Stock Exchange and NEEQ. Jiangsu Equity Exchange has
                                         more than 16 thousand listed enterprises on display, nearly 6%
                                         of which are specialized, superior, unique and new enterprises,
    Inclusive finance continued to
                                         and has obtained the qualification to carry out regional equity
    extend, assisting specialized,
      superior, unique and new           market system and business innovation pilot.
     enterprises’ development.




                                         With its excellent ESG governance practices, the Group's MSCI
                                         ESG rating rose from A to AA in 2023, making it the first AA
                                         institution in the domestic securities industry.
  ESG governance was upgraded
  once more, ascending the global
          leading level.




                                                                                                             015
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Company Profile




          I. COMPANY INFORMATION
                                                 Registered capital and net capital of the Company
          Chinese name of the Company                                                                     Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

          华泰证券股份有限公司                                               As at the end of the               As at the end of the
                                                                   Reporting Period                   previous year

          Abbreviation of Chinese name of the
          Company                                Registered
          華泰證券                                   capital           9,074,663,335.00                   9,075,589,027.00

          English name of the Company
          HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
                                                 Net capital       94,076,764,232.03                  92,975,958,998.68
          Abbreviation of English name of the
          Company
                                                 Note: Subsequent to the Reporting Period, the registered capital of the Company was
          HTSC
                                                 changed to RMB9,029,384,840.00.




          Legal representative of the Company    Qualifications of each business line of the Company
          Zhang Wei
                                                 According to the business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial Market
                                                 Regulation Administration, the business scope of the Company includes:
          Chief Executive Officer and chairman   licensed items: securities business; securities investment consultancies;
          of the Executive Committee of the      sales of public offering securities investment funds; custody of securities
          Company                                investment fund (Projects that need to be approved by law shall be
                                                 carried out upon approval by relevant authorities, and the specific
          Zhou Yi
                                                 business projects are subject to the approval results) general items:
                                                 providing intermediary referrals by securities company for futures
          Authorized representatives of the      companies (Except for projects that need to be approved by law,
          Company                                business activities can be conducted independently with the business
                                                 license in accordance with the laws)
          Zhou Yi, Zhang Hui
                                                 Please refer to “Appendix I: Main Business Qualifications” in this report for
                                                 the main business qualifications of the Company.




016
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
II. CONTACT
             Secretary of the Board

Name         Zhang Hui

Address      11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Tel.         025-83387272, 83387780, 83389157

Fax          025-83387784

Email        zhanghui@htsc.com                                                                                             About Us



              Joint company secretary                            Joint company secretary

Name          Zhang Hui                                          Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne

                                                                 40th Floor, Dah Sing Financial Centre, No. 248
              11/F, Building 1, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Address                                                          Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong, the
              Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC
                                                                 PRC



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
III. BASIC INFORMATION

Registered address of the Company       No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

                                        In July 2015, the Company has completed the change in business




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Historical changes in registered        registration, and its registered address was changed from “No. 90
address of the Company                  East Zhongshan Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC” to “No. 228
                                        Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC”

Office address of the Company           No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the PRC

Postal code of office address of the
                                        210019
Company

Principal place of business in Hong
                                        62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong, the PRC
Kong




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Company website                         http://www.htsc.com.cn

Email                                   boardoffice@htsc.com




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Main exchange                           025-83389999

Customer service hotline                95597 or 4008895597

Company fax                             025-83387784

Business License Unified Social
                                        91320000704041011J
Credit Code

Index of changes during the
                                        No change during the Reporting Period
Reporting Period




                                                                                                                  017
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURE AND LOCATION FOR INSPECTION OF
          DOCUMENTS
          Names and websites of newspapers                   China Securities Journal (https://www.cs.com.cn), Shanghai
          for disclosure of annual report of the             Securities News (https://www.cnstock.com), Securities Times
          Company                                            (http://www.stcn.com), Securities Daily (http://www.zqrb.cn)

          Websites of the stock exchanges for                Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), Hong
          disclosure of annual report of the                 Kong Stock Exchange (http://www.hkexnews.hk), London Stock
          Company                                            Exchange (https://www.londonstockexchange.com)

          Location for inspection of annual report of        No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          the Company (A Share)                              PRC

                                                             No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, the
          Location for inspection of annual report of
                                                             PRC; 62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong,
          the Company (H Share)
                                                             the PRC

          Index of changes during the Reporting
                                                             No change during the Reporting Period
          Period




          V. SHARES/DEPOSITORY RECEIPTS OF THE COMPANY

          Type of shares/
          depository receipts           Stock exchange for listing      Stock name                     Stock code

          A Share                       Shanghai Stock Exchange         華泰證券                           601688
          H Share                       Hong Kong Stock Exchange        HTSC                           6886
          GDR                           London Stock Exchange           Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                       HTSC
          The Company did not change the stock name.




          VI. OTHER INFORMATION OF THE COMPANY
          (I) Historical development of the Company, mainly including the reorganization and
          capital increases in the previous years

          The predecessor of the Company was Jiangsu Securities Company ( 江蘇省證券公司 ), which was established
          in December 1990 as approved by the headquarters of the PBOC, obtained the business license on April 9,
          1991, and officially opened for business on May 26, 1991. In 1994, the Economic Reform Commission of Jiangsu
          Province approved the conversion of the Company to be a directional stock raising company. In June 1997,
          the Company changed its name to “ 江蘇證券有限責任公司 ” (Jiangsu Securities Co., Ltd.). In March 1999, the
          Company changed its name to “ 华泰证券有限责任公司 ” (Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company), and
          approved by the CSRC, the Company was converted into “ 华泰证券股份有限公司 ” (Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.) in its
          entirety on November 29, 2007. On December 7, 2007, the Company completed the business registration for
          such changes. In July 2009, the Company acquired Xintai Securities Co., Ltd. ( 信泰證券有限責任公司 ). In February
          2010, the Company was successfully listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. In June 2015, the Company was
          listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. In June 2019, the GDR issued by the Company
          was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London Stock Exchange.




018
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Major capital changes of the Company:

When it was established on April 9, 1991, the registered capital of the Company was RMB10,000,000.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB202,000,000 in June 1994.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB404,000,000 in June 1997.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB828,000,000 in May 1998.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB850,320,000 in December 1999.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB2,200,000,000 in April 2001.

The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,500,000,000 in November 2007.                                   About Us
The registered capital of the Company increased to RMB4,815,438,725 on July 30, 2009.

In February 2010, the Company completed its initial public offering of 784,561,275 RMB-denominated ordinary
shares (A Shares) on the Shanghai Stock Exchange, after which the Company’s registered capital was
RMB5,600,000,000.

In June 2015, the Company completed its listing on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and



                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
commenced trading. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 1,562,768,800
H Shares in total, and the total share capital of the Company changed to 7,162,768,800 shares. Due to the
issuance and listing of H Shares, the relevant state-owned shareholders transferred 156,276,880 state-


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
owned shares (A Shares) of the Company held by them to the National Council for Social Security Fund of
the PRC in the form of H Shares, on the basis of 10% of the number of H Shares issued this time. The changes
in share capital structure of the Company were as follows: 5,443,723,120 A Shares, which accounted for 76%
of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 24% of the total number of
shares.

In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated
ordinary shares (A Shares) by way of “Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors”, after which the Company’s




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
registered capital was RMB8,251,500,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as
follows: 6,532,454,320 A Shares, which accounted for 79% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H
Shares, which accounted for 21% of the total number of shares.

In June 2019, the GDR issued by the Company was listed and traded on the Main Market of the London
Stock Exchange. After the exercise of the over-allotment option, the Company issued 82,515,000 GDR in
total, representing the underlying securities of 825,150,000 A Shares, after which the Company’s registered
capital was RMB9,076,650,000. The changes in share capital structure of the Company were as follows:
7,357,604,320 A Shares, which accounted for 81% of the total number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares,
which accounted for 19% of the total number of shares.

In September 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,075,589,027. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,356,543,347 A Shares, which accounted for 81% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 19% of the total number of shares.



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
In September 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A
shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,074,663,335. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,355,617,655 A Shares, which accounted for 81% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 19% of the total number of shares.

In January 2024, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 45,278,495 restricted A
shares, after which the Company’s registered capital was RMB9,029,384,840. The changes in share capital
structure of the Company were as follows: 7,310,339,160 A Shares, which accounted for 81% of the total
number of shares; and 1,719,045,680 H Shares, which accounted for 19% of the total number of shares.




                                                                                                               019
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Organization Structure of the Company

                           Office of the                                                                                                                        Supervisory                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Development Strategy Committee
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              General Meeting
                      Supervisory Committee                                                                                                                     Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Compliance and Risk Management Committee


                                                                                                                                                       Office of the Board
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Board of Directors                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Audit Committee
                                                                                                                                                           of Directors


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Nomination Committee

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Senior Management
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Remuneration and Appraisal Committee




                                 Investment Advisory and                                                                                                                                               Margin Financing and

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Fixed Income Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Information Technology                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Strategy and Development

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Inspection Department
                                                           Platform Operation   Financial Products   Wealth Management                                                         Sales and Trading                                   Securities Investment   Financial Innovation                                                                                                                                                    Capital Operation                                                         Risk Management                       Compliance and Legal                                                        Human Resources      Planning and Finance

                                                                                                                         Research Institute                                                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Center
                                                                                                                                                              Debt Financing                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Digital Operation                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Party-mass Work   General Affairs
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   General Office
                                                                                                                                              Asset Custody
          Branches

                                Development Department                                                  Department                                                                                 Securities Lending Department       Department              Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Department                                                                                                                                                 Department                                                                                        Department
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Department
                                                               Department          Department                                                                                     Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Department                                 Department                      Department                                                                                                       Department                                                                                                                 Development
                                                                                                                                               Department      Department                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Department




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Wholly-owned                                                                                                                                                                               Holding                                                                                                   Participating
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Subsidiaries                                                                                                                                                                            Subsidiaries                                                                                                Subsidiaries




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Huatai International Financial Holdings                                                                                                                         Shanghai Shengju Asset Operation and



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.     Huatai Innovation Investment Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                    E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 Huatai-PineBridge Fund

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                            Bank of Jiangsu Co, Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        China Southern Asset

          Securities Branches


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Company Limited                                                                                                                                             Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Management Co., Ltd.      Management Co, Ltd.




          (III) The First-level Onshore and Offshore Subsidiaries of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Name of the                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Date of                                                                                                                                                                                           Registered Responsible Telephone
          subsidiary                                                                                                     Address                                                                                                                                                                                                           establishment                                                                                                                                                                                        capital person      No.

                                                                                                                         Room 401, Building B7, Qianhai
                                                                                                                         Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund Town,
          Huatai United                                                                                                  No. 128 Guiwan Fifth Road, Nanshan September 5,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       010-
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   99,748.00 Jiang Yu
          Securities Co., Ltd.                                                                                           Street, Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong      1997                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               56839300
                                                                                                                         Kong Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen,
                                                                                                                         the PRC


          Huatai Securities
                               Room 1222, 6 Jilong Road, China                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             October 16,                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         021-
          (Shanghai) Asset                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        260,000.00 Cui Chun
                               (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            2014                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                28972188
          Management Co., Ltd.


          Huatai International
                                                                                                                         62/F, The Center, 99 Queen’s Road                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 HK$                                                                                                                                                                                                                 852-
          Financial Holdings                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               April 5, 2017                                                                                                                                                        Wang Lei
                                                                                                                         Central, Hong Kong, the PRC                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          10,200,000,002.00                                                                                                                                                                                                                36586000
          Company Limited




020
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Name of the                                                          Date of                  Registered Responsible Telephone
subsidiary                Address                                    establishment               capital person      No.

Huatai Purple Gold        No. 180 Hanzhong Road, Nanjing,            August 12,                                                025-
                                                                                              600,000.00 Cao Qun
Investment Co., Ltd.      Jiangsu Province, the PRC                  2008                                                      83389999


Huatai Innovative         No. 234 Wuyi Road, Changning               November 21,                                              010-
                                                                                              350,000.00 Sun Ying
Investment Co., Ltd.      District, Shanghai, the PRC                2013                                                      58034345



                                                                                                                                                      About Us
                         10/F (whole floor), No. 1 Mingzhu
                                                                                                                               020-
Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. Third Street, Hengli Town, Nansha           July 10, 1995            393,900.00 Hu Zhi
                                                                                                                               83901155
                         District, Guangzhou, the PRC


Shanghai Shengju     No. 12 Dongfang Road,
                                                                                                              Lu        021-
Asset Operation and China (Shanghai)                                 July 14, 2009                12,100.00
                                                                                                              Chunguang 28972221
Management Co., Ltd. Pilot Free Trade Zone




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
                          3/F, Building 10, Financial City, No.
Jiangsu Equity            377 Middle Jiangdong Road, Jianye                                                                    025-
                                                                July 4, 2013                     20,000.00 Sun Hanlin

                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
Exchange Co., Ltd.        District, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province,                                                                 89620288
                          the PRC


Note: In March 2024, Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. held a board meeting, at which Mr. Zhang Anzhong was elected as the chairman of the
board of directors. Mr. Sun Hanlin no longer served as the chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.




(IV) Number and Distribution of Securities Branches and Other Branches of the Company




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 28 securities branch offices and 242 securities
branches. For details of the number and distribution of branch offices and securities branches of the
Company, please refer to “Appendix II: List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this report.

Provinces,                    Number of Provinces,                            Number of Provinces,                         Number of
Municipalities and            Securities Municipalities and                   Securities Municipalities and                Securities
Regions                       Branches Regions                                Branches Regions                             Branches
                                                                                             Inner Mongolia
Anhui Province                5               Beijing                         7                                            3
                                                                                             Autonomous Region
Hebei Province                1               Fujian Province                 4              Guangdong Province            23
Guangxi Zhuang



                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
                              2               Hainan Province                 2              Shanxi Province               1
Autonomous Region
Henan Province                3               Heilongjiang Province           5              Jilin Province                3
Hubei Province                28              Hunan Province                  3              Jiangxi Province              3



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
Jiangsu Province              92              Liaoning Province               7              Shandong Province             7
Shanghai                      16              Sichuan Province                7              Guizhou Province              1
Chongqing                     1               Tianjin                         4              Gansu Province                1
                                                                                             Xinjiang Uygur
Shaanxi Province              2               Qinghai Province                1                                            1
                                                                                             Autonomous Region
Ningxia Hui
                              1               Zhejiang Province               8              -                             -
Autonomous Region




                                                                                                                                             021
024
Summary of the
Results




Total assets                                                       Revenue, other income and gains combined
                            Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB                               Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

10,000                                                               600
                                                   9,055.08
                                                                                  519.26                               522.60
                                 8,465.71
              8,066.51                                               500                            468.24
8,000

                                                                     400
6,000
                                                                     300

4,000
                                                                     200

2,000                                                                 100


     0                                                                  0
                2021              2022               2023                          2021              2022               2023

Source: Regular reports of the Company                             Source: Regular reports of the Company




Total equity attributable to shareholders of the                   The year's profit attributable to shareholders of
Company                                                            the Company
                            Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB                               Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

2,000                                                                 150
                                                   1,791.08                       133.46
                                                                                                                       127.51
                                 1,650.95
              1,484.23                                                120                            110.54
 1,500

                                                                      90
 1,000
                                                                      60

  500
                                                                      30


     0                                                                  0
                2021              2022               2023                          2021              2022               2023

Source: Regular reports of the Company                             Source: Regular reports of the Company
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
I. KEY ACCOUNTING DATA AND FINANCIAL INDICATORS

(I) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Three Years
                                                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                            2022
                                                                                                                    Increase/
                                                                                    After            Before         decrease
Item                                                                2023      adjustment        adjustment                (%)                 2021
Total revenue, other income and gains                       52,260,421         46,824,372          46,824,372               11.61       51,926,404

Profit before income tax                                    14,204,664          12,228,038         12,228,038              16.16        16,272,562             About Us

Profit of this year-attributable to
                                                             12,750,633          11,053,987         11,052,696            15.35          13,346,106
shareholders of the Company

Net cash (used in)/generated from
                                                         (28,475,553)          70,290,567          70,290,567               N/A (65,337,094)
operating activities

Total amount of other comprehensive
                                                                315,999           1,195,949          1,195,949         (73.58)           (626,084)


                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
income after tax this year

                                                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB



                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                              At the end of 2022
                                                                                                                  Increase/
                                                       At the end               After              Before         decrease             At the end
Item                                                       of 2023        adjustment          adjustment                (%)                of 2021
Total assets                                         905,508,389          846,570,990          846,567,016               6.96        806,650,833

Total liabilities                                     723,290,957          678,714,380          678,718,307              6.57         654,615,049




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Total equity attributable to
                                                       179,108,367         165,095,102          165,087,201              8.49          148,422,810
shareholders of the Company

Total shareholders’ equity                             182,217,432         167,856,610         167,848,709               8.56         152,035,784

Total share capital (shares)                       9,074,663,335 9,075,589,027 9,075,589,027                            (0.01) 9,076,650,000




(II) Key financial indicators
                                                                                       2022
                                                                           After                  Before                Increase/



                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Key financial indicators                                        2023 adjustment              adjustment              decrease (%)             2021
Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                              1.35               1.18               1.18                        14.41      1.47




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Diluted earnings per share (RMB/share)                            1.33               1.16               1.16                        14.66      1.46

                                                                                                                 Increase of 0.63
ROE (%)                                                           8.12              7.49               7.49                                   9.84
                                                                                                                percentage point

                                                                                                                 Increase of 0.24
Debt-to-assets ratio (%)Note 1                                 76.05               75.81              75.81                                  76.93
                                                                                                                percentage point

Net assets attributable to the Company’s
ordinary shareholders per share (RMB/                            16.91             16.24              16.24                           4.11    15.25
share)Note 2

Note 1: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets – accounts payable to brokerage clients).
Note 2: Net assets attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders per share were net of the effect of perpetual bonds.




                                                                                                                                                      027
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Description of key accounting data and financial indicators of the Company:

          Since January 1, 2023, the Group has applied amendments to IAS 12, and retrospectively adjusted the
          accounting statements for previous years. In the current Reporting Period, the application of other new
          IFRSs and the amendments to IFRSs has had no material impact on the Group’s financial positions and
          performance for the current and prior periods. For details, please refer to Note 3 “Principal accounting
          policies” to the financial reports in this report.



          (III) Net Capital of the Parent Company and Risk Control Indicators
                                                                                              Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                               As of the end of the            As of the end of the
          Item                                                    Reporting Period                   previous year

          Net capital                                            94,076,764,232.03               92,975,958,998.68

          Net assets                                             155,053,212,660.64              143,638,401,461.64

          Risk coverage ratio (%)                                           247.80                             240.14

          Net capital/net assets (%)                                         60.67                             64.73

          Net capital/liabilities (%)                                         22.15                             23.14

          Net assets/liabilities (%)                                          36.51                            35.76

          Value of proprietary equity securities and
                                                                             28.58                             45.73
          derivatives/net capital (%)

          Value of proprietary non-equity securities and
                                                                            366.74                            316.80
          derivatives/net capital (%)

          Core net capital                                        62,717,842,821.35               61,983,972,665.79

          Supplementary net capital                               31,358,921,410.68              30,991,986,332.89

          Total risk capital provision                            37,964,151,783.74                38,717,728,473.17

          Total on-balance and off-balance assets              507,398,204,994.55               483,308,624,857.94

          Capital leverage ratio (%)                                          13.98                              14.10

          Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                       152.51                            166.57

          Net stable funding ratio (%)                                      130.84                             129.33




028
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(V) Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years

The financial conditions for the past five years are as follows:
1. Profitability
                                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


Item                                                              2023              2022                2021              2020               2019

Total revenue, other income and gains                     52,260,421         46,824,372         51,926,404           40,534,436         32,436,781

Total expenses                                            40,640,541         35,815,380         38,283,823            31,233,707        23,577,265


                                                                                                                                                               About Us
Share of profits of associates and joint
                                                           2,584,784            1,219,046         2,629,981           4,203,647          2,726,449
ventures

Profit before income tax                                  14,204,664          12,228,038         16,272,562          13,504,376         11,585,965

Profit of this year-attributable to
                                                           12,750,633         11,053,987         13,346,106          10,822,497          9,001,644
shareholders of the Company




                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
2. Assets
                                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                               December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31, December 31,
Item                                                 2023         2022         2021         2020         2019

Total assets                                     905,508,389          846,570,990         806,650,833            716,751,235           562,180,638

Total liabilities                                 723,290,957          678,714,380          654,615,049        584,439,200         436,525,930

Accounts payable to brokerage
                                                   144,701,360           152,551,723        147,501,833         136,387,634             89,817,920
clients




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Total equity attributable to
                                                   179,108,367          165,095,102         148,422,810          129,071,500           122,537,479
shareholders of the Company

Total equity                                        182,217,432         167,856,610         152,035,784          132,312,035           125,654,708

Total share capital (shares)                   9,074,663,335 9,075,589,027 9,076,650,000 9,076,650,000 9,076,650,000



3. Key Financial Indicators

Item                                                                       2023             2022               2021          2020            2019



                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Dividend per share (RMB)                                                    0.43            0.45            0.45              0.40            0.30

Basic earnings per share (RMB/share)                                         1.35             1.18            1.47             1.20            1.04



                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Dilutive earnings per share (RMB/share)                                      1.33             1.16           1.46               1.19           1.03

ROE (%)                                                                      8.12            7.49           9.84               8.61           7.94

Debt-to-assets ratio (%)Note 1                                             76.05            75.81          76.93             77.20          73.40

Net assets attributable to ordinary shareholders
                                                                            16.91           16.24           15.25             14.22          13.50
of the Company per share (RMB/share)Note 2

Note 1: Debt-to-assets ratio = (total liabilities – accounts payable to brokerage clients)/(total assets – accounts payable to brokerage clients).
Note 2: Net assets attributable to the Company’s ordinary shareholders per share were net of the effect of perpetual bonds.




                                                                                                                                                      029
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          II. DIFFERENCES IN FINANCIAL DATA PREPARED IN ACCORDANCE
          WITH DOMESTIC AND FOREIGN ACCOUNTING STANDARDS

          There is no difference between the net profit attributable to shareholders of the Company for 2023 and 2022
          and the net assets attributable to shareholders of the Company as of December 31, 2023 and December
          31, 2022 set out in the consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the CASBE and in the
          consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance with the IFRSs.




          III. ITEMS MEASURED UNDER FAIR VALUE
                                                                                          Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                      Effect on the profit
                                           Balance at the     Balance at the       Change in the           of the current
          Name of items                   end of last year    end of the year      current period      period in amount

          Financial assets at fair
                                              350,804,545           413,079,384        62,274,839              28,044,218
          value through profit or loss

          Equity instruments at
          fair value through other                 241,587             124,506            (117,081)                      –
          comprehensive income

          Debt instruments at
          fair value through other              10,504,379           16,262,000          5,757,621               392,760
          comprehensive income

          Derivative financial
                                                  6,150,176           (621,760)        (6,771,936)           (15,460,438)
          instruments

          Financial liabilities at fair
                                               48,575,559            52,671,166         4,095,607               (843,164)
          value through profit or loss




          IV. AWARDS AND HONORS

          (I) Key awards and honors of the Group

                 The selection of “2022 Financial Technology             The selection of “2023 Golden Bull Award for
                 Development Award” held by the People’s                 the Securities Industry” (2023 年證券業金牛獎 )
                 Bank of China:                                          held by China Securities Journal:

                 The “Da Xiang FICC multi-asset real-time                The Company was awarded “Golden Bull
                 pricing, market making and risk hedge                   Award for Financial Technology of Securities
                 platform” was awarded the first prize; the              Companies” ( 證券公司金融科技金牛獎 )
                 “investment banking cloud platform of Huatai
                 Securities” was awarded the second prize; and
                 the “intelligent research platform (Ruijian) ( 睿
                 鑑 )” was awarded the third prize




030
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
     The selection of “Creation of Best Practice        The selection of “Gold List of Financial
     of Board of Directors of Public Companies          Institutions in China” held by Financial News:
     2023” (2023 上市公司董事會最佳實踐創建活動 )
                                                        The Company was awarded the “Prize
     organized by China Association for Public
                                                        for Companies with the Best Cultural
     Companies:
                                                        Construction of the Year” ( 年度最佳文化建設公
     The Company was awarded “Best Practice             司獎 )
     Case of Board of Directors of Public Companies
     2023” (2023 上市公司董事會最佳實踐案例 )



(II) Key awards and honors of the business segments of the Company                                                 About Us


Wealth management business
     Shanghai Stock Exchange:                           Shenzhen Stock Exchange:

     The Company was awarded “2022 Top 10               The Company was awarded “2022 Outstanding
     Options Brokers” (2022 年度十佳期權經紀商 ) and             Options Brokers” (2022 年 度 期 權 優 秀 經 紀 商 獎 ),
                                                        “2022 Prize for Promotion of New Options” (2022

                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
     other awards
                                                        年度期權新品種推廣獎 ) and other awards



                                                                                                                 and Strategies
     HKEX:                                              The selection of “2023 Junding Award in
                                                        China’s Securities Industry” (2023 年中國證券
     The Company was awarded “2022
                                                        業君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times:
     Outstanding Broker Award of Southbound
     Trading” (2022 年港股通卓越券商獎 )                         The Company was awarded “2023 Junding
                                                        Award for All-round Wealth Management
                                                        Broker in China’s Securities Industry” (2023 年
                                                        中 國 證 券 業 全 能 財 富 經 紀 商 君 鼎 獎 ) and “2023




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
                                                        Junding Award for Fund Investment Advisor in
                                                        China’s Securities Industry” (2023 年中國證券業
                                                        基金投顧君鼎獎 )

     The selection of the “First Golden Bull Award      The selection of the “First Junding Prize for
     for Fund Investment Advisory” （第一屆基金投              Digital Transformation in China’s Securities
     顧金牛獎） held by China Securities Journal:            Industry” ( 首 屆 中 國 證 券 業 數 字 化 轉 型 君 鼎 獎 )
                                                        organized by Securities Times:
     The Company was awarded the “Golden Bull
     Award for Fund Investment Advisory Institution”    “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ) was
     ( 基金投顧機構金牛獎 )                                      awarded “Junding Prize for Top Ten Brand
                                                        APPs in China’s Securities Industry” ( 中 國 證 券
                                                        業十大品牌 APP 君鼎獎 ) and “Junding Prize for


                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
                                                        Investment Advisory Service APP in China’s
                                                        Securities Industry” ( 中國證券業投顧服務 APP 君
                                                        鼎獎 )



                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
     The selection of the “2023 Yinghua Prize for       The Asset:
     Brokers on Wealth Management in China”
                                                        “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) was recognized
     (2023 年中國券商財富管理英華獎 ) organized by
                                                        as “Best Mobile Brokerage Application (Hong
     China Fund News:
                                                        Kong Area)” ( 香港地區最佳手機券商 APP)
     “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) was awarded
     the “Demonstration Case of O u t s t a n d i n g
     Brokerage Application” ( 優秀券商 APP 示範案例 )




                                                                                                          031
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           Institutional services business
                Shanghai Stock Exchange:                        Shenzhen Stock Exchange:

                The Company was awarded “Rating A in            The Company was awarded “Rating AA in
                Comprehensive Evaluation on Stock Market        Comprehensive Evaluation on Main Market
                Makers on the STAR Market in 2023” (2023 年 度    Makers for Listed Funds in 2023” (2023 年度上市
                科創板股票做市商綜合評價 A 評級 ) and “Rating AA              基金主做市商綜合評價 AA 評級 )
                in Comprehensive Evaluation on Main Market
                                                                Huatai United Securities was awarded “2022
                Makers for Listed Funds in 2023” (2023 年度上市基
                                                                Outstanding Underwriter of Corporate Bonds”
                金主做市商綜合評價 AA 評級 )
                                                                (2022 年 度 優 秀 公 司 債 券 承 銷 商 ) and “2022
                Huatai United Securities was awarded “2022      Outstanding Duration Management Institution
                Outstanding Supporting Unit for Comprehensive   of Products with Fixed Income” (2022 年度優秀
                Services and Consultancy for SOEs” (2022 年度央    固定收益產品存續期管理機構 )
                企綜合服務諮詢支持優秀單位 ), “2022 Outstanding
                Underwriter of Corporate Bonds” (2022 年度公司
                債券優秀承銷商 ), “2022 Outstanding Underwriter
                of Industrial Bonds” (2022 年度產業債券優秀承銷商 )
                and “2022 Outstanding Underwriter in Serving
                National Strategies” (2022 年度服務國家戰略優秀承
                銷商 )

                The selection of the “Sixteenth Session of      China Foreign Exchange Trade System:
                Best Investment Bank” ( 第 十 六 屆 最 佳 投 行 )
                                                                The Company was awarded “Most Popular
                organized by New Fortune (《新財富》):
                                                                Market Maker of Interest Rate Bonds in the
                Huatai United Securities was awarded “Best      Market” ( 最受市場歡迎的利率債做市商 ) and the
                Domestic Investment Bank” ( 本 土 最 佳 投 行 ),      “Most Popular Market Maker of Credit Bonds in
                “Best Investment Bank in Practicing ESG” ( 最    the Market” ( 最受市場歡迎的信用債做市商 )
                佳 踐 行 ESG 投 行 ), “Best Investment Bank in
                Equity Underwriting” ( 最佳股權承銷投行 ), “Best
                Investment Bank in Bond Underwriting” ( 最 佳
                債 權 承 銷 投 行 ), “Best Refinancing Investment
                Bank” ( 最 佳 再 融 資 投 行 ), “Best IPO Investment
                Bank” ( 最佳 IPO 投行 ), “Best Investment Bank in
                Mergers and Acquisitions” ( 最佳併購投行 ), “Best
                Investment Bank in Serving Overseas Markets”
                ( 海外市場能力最佳投行 ), etc.

                The selection of “Institutional Investor •      The selection of “2023 Junding Award in
                Caixin All – China Research Team Awards” ( 機    China’s Securities Industry” (2023 年中國證券
                構投資者 • 財新資本市場分析師成就獎 )” in 2023:                 業君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times:

                The Company was awarded “Best Analyst           The Company was awarded the “2023 Junding
                Team (Mainland China) No. 3” ( 最佳分析師團隊          Award for Industrial Service Research Institute in
                ( 大陸 ) 第三名 ), “Best Analyst Team (Overseas)     China’s Securities Industry” (2023 年中國證券業產
                No. 7” ( 最 佳 分 析 師 團 隊 ( 海 外 ) 第 七 名 ), “Best   業服務研究所君鼎獎 )
                Sales Teams (Mainland China) No. 1” ( 最 佳
                                                                Huatai United Securities was awarded “2023
                銷 售 團 隊 ( 大 陸 ) 第 一 名 ), “Best Sales Teams
                                                                Junding Award for Equity Financing and
                (Overseas) No. 5” ( 最佳銷售團隊 ( 海外 ) 第五名 ),
                                                                Investment Banking in China’s Securities Industry”
                “Best Sales Teams with Progress (Overseas)
                                                                (2023 年中國證券業股權融資投行君鼎獎 ), “2023
                No. 1” ( 最佳進步銷售團隊 ( 海外 ) 第一名 ), “Best
                                                                Junding Award for M&As and Reorganization
                Team on Corporate Relations (Mainland
                                                                Financial Advisory in China’s Securities Industry”
                China) No. 1” ( 最佳企業關係團隊 ( 大陸 ) 第一名 ),
                                                                (2023 年中國證券業併購重組財務顧問君鼎獎 ) and
                etc.
                                                                “2023 Junding Award for Programs on Serving
                                                                Private Enterprises in China’s Securities Industry”
                                                                (2023 年中國證券業服務民企項目君鼎獎 )




032
                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Investment management business
    Shanghai Stock Exchange:                          Shenzhen Stock Exchange:

    Huatai Asset Management was awarded               Huatai Asset Management was awarded
    “Outstanding Manager for Asset Securitization     “Outstanding Manager for Special Asset-
    Business for 2022” (2022 年度資產證券化業務優秀              backed Plans for 2022” (2022 年度優秀資產支持
    管理人 ) and “Outstanding Participant in Public      專項計劃管理人 )
    REITs on Infrastructure for 2022” (2022 年度優秀
    基礎設施公募 REITs 參與人 )


                                                                                                                    About Us
    China Southern Asset Management was
    awarded “2022 Outstanding Bond Investment
    Institution (Category of Other Asset
    Management)” (2022 年度優秀債券投資機構 ( 其
    他資管類 ))

    Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “Top Ten ETF
    Managers”（十佳 ETF 管理人）

    The selection of “2023 Junding Award in           The selection of “2023 Golden Bull Award for


                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
    China’s Securities Industry” (2023 年中國證券          Collective Asset Management Programs of
    業君鼎獎 ) organized by Securities Times:             Chinese Securities Companies” (2023 年 中


                                                                                                                  and Strategies
                                                      國證券公司集合資管計劃金牛獎 ) organized by
    Huatai Asset Management was awarded
                                                      China Securities Journal:
    “2023 Junding Award for All-round Asset
    Management Agency in China’s Securities           Huatai Asset Management was awarded “2023
    Industry” (2023 年中國證券業全能資管機構君鼎獎 )                 Golden Bull Collective Asset Manager of Securities
                                                      Companies” (2023 年度金牛券商集合資產管理人 ),
                                                      etc.

    The selection of “Offshore China Fund             The selection of “ChinaVenture Awards




                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
    Awards 2022” organized by Chinese Asset           for 2022” ( 投 中 2022 年 度 榜 ) held by
    Management Association of Hong Kong and           ChinaVenture Investment:
    Bloomberg:
                                                      Huatai Purple Gold Investment was awarded
    Huatai Asset Management was awarded “Prize        “Best Chinese Equity Investment Institutions in
    for Best Cross-border Business of the Year” ( 年   Returns TOP 10” ( 中國最佳回報私募股權投資機構
    度 最 佳 跨 境 業 務 獎 ), “Prize for Best Innovative     TOP10), “Best Chinese Private Equity Investment
    Product of the Year” ( 年度最佳創新產品獎 ), etc.          Institutions TOP 20”( 中國最佳中資私募股權投資機
                                                      構 TOP20), “Best China Private Equity Investment
                                                      Institutions TOP 30” ( 中國最佳私募股權投資機構
                                                      TOP30), “Best Chinese Subsidiaries of Brokers
                                                      for Private Funds TOP 5” ( 中國最佳券商私募基金


                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                                                      子 公 司 TOP5), “Best Institutions for Investment
                                                      in Medical Devices Fields TOP 20 in China’s
                                                      Medical and Health Service Industry” ( 中國醫療


                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
                                                      及健康服務產業最佳醫療器械領域投資機構 TOP20),
                                                      “Best Institutions for Investment in Medical
                                                      Services Fields TOP 10 in China’s Medical and
                                                      Health Service Industry” ( 中國醫療及健康服務產
                                                      業最佳醫療服務領域投資機構 TOP10), etc.




                                                                                                           033
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                China Securities Journal:                        Shanghai Securities News:

                China Southern Asset Management was              China Southern Asset Management was
                awarded “Golden Bull Award for Fund              awarded “Golden Fund • Fund Management
                Investment Advisory Services” ( 基金投顧顧問服          Company for Passive Investment Award” ( 金
                務金牛獎 )                                           基金 • 被動投資基金管理公司獎 )

                Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “Golden Bull       Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “Golden
                Fund Company for Passive Investment” ( 被 動       Fund • Fund Management Company for
                投 資 金 牛 基 金 公 司 ) and “Fund Company with         Passive Investment Award” ( 金 基 金 • 被 動 投 資
                Special Contributions at the 20th Anniversary”   基金管理公司獎 )
                (20 周年特別貢獻基金公司 )

                Securities Times:

                China Southern Asset Management was
                awarded “Star Fund Company Award for
                Three-year Passive Investment” ( 三年被動投資
                明星基金公司獎 )

                Huatai-PineBridge was awarded “Top 10 Star
                Fund Companies” ( 十大明星基金公司獎 ) and “Star
                Fund Company Award for Three-year Passive
                Investment” ( 三年被動投資明星基金公司獎 )




034
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
International business
     The Selection of “Financial Institution Awards”   The selection of “2023 List of Awards” (2023 獎項
     ( 金 融 機 構 大 獎 ) organized by Bloomberg            榜單 ) organized by Asiamoney, an international
     Businessweek:                                     reputable financial magazine:

     Huatai International was awarded “Annual          Huatai International was awarded “Best
     Outstanding Technology Securities Company         Securities Company in Hong Kong” ( 香 港 地
     Award” ( 年 度 科 技 證 券 公 司 卓 越 大 獎 ), “Annual       區最佳券商 ) and “Most Innovative Investment
     Outstanding Award for Financial Derivatives       Bank in the Greater Bay Area” ( 大灣區最具創新
     Institutions” ( 年 度 金 融 衍 生 產 品 機 構 卓 越 大 獎 ),    性投資銀行 )

                                                                                                                  About Us
     “Outstanding Award for High-end Customer
     Products and Services” ( 優 端 客 戶 級 別 產 品 及
     服 務 卓 越 大 獎 ), “Risk Management Excellence
     Award” ( 風險管理卓越大獎 ), “Excellence Award
     for Digital Innovation” ( 數 碼 創 新 卓 越 大 獎 ),
     “Outstanding Initial Public Offering Project
     Award” ( 首 次 公 開 招 股 項 目 卓 越 大 獎 ) and
     “Corporate Financing Excellence Award (the
     Greater Bay Area of the PRC)” ( 企業融資卓越大

                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
     獎 ( 中國大灣區 ))



                                                                                                                and Strategies
     The selection of “2022 Annual Awards”             The selection of “2022 AAA National Awards
     (2022 年度獎項 ) organized by PDI (Private Debt       (China)” (2022 年 度 AAA 國 家 獎 ( 中 國 區 ))
     Investor), an internationally renowned private    organized by The Asset:
     debt industry magazine:
                                                       Huatai International was awarded “Best Local
     Huatai International was awarded “Best Private    Corporate and Institutional Advisor Award
     Debt Investor (Asia-Pacific Region)” ( 最佳私募       (Broker)” ( 最 佳 本 地 企 業 及 機 構 顧 問 獎 ( 券 商 類 ))
     債投資機構 ( 亞太區 )), “Best Real Estate Private         and “Best Private Bond Advisor Award” ( 最佳私募
                                                       債券顧問獎 )




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
     Debt Investment Fund Manager (Asia-Pacific
     Region)” ( 最佳地產私募債投資基金經理 ( 亞太區 ))
     and “Best Superior Private Debt Investor (Asia-
     Pacific Region)” ( 最佳優先級私募債投資機構 ( 亞
     太區 ))




                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                         035
 HUATAI SECURITIES




036
                                Operating Analysis                            Financial Report and
ANNUAL REPORT 2023   About Us    and Strategies      Corporate Governance   Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                       037
HUATAI
 HUATAISECURITIES
        SECURITIES




         Summary of the
         Company's Business




          I. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR INDUSTRY DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
         Our Group conducts business operations in the securities industry, and the operating results of such industry
         are closely related to the development trend of the capital market, which is generally characterized by
         strong cyclicality and volatility. Principal businesses of the Group have always been focusing on capital
         market services, and its performance is affected by multiple factors such as the domestic and overseas
         economic environment, policy environment and market environment. During the Reporting Period, in
         response to the needs of domestic and overseas clients, the Group continued to enhance its ability
         to provide diversified products and services across markets and cycles, and continuously optimized
         its business model and business structure amidst the complex and volatile market environment, thus
         maintaining a momentum of steady development with positive outlook, with its major financial indicators
         and market position of its principal business outperforming most peers in the industry. Details of industry
         position of the Group’s principal businesses during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Management
         Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in the section headed “Operation Discussion and Analysis”
         of this report.

         Through setting the strategic goal of accelerating the construction of a strong financial country and
         focusing on promoting high-quality financial development, China has put forward a higher positioning and
         more far-reaching planning for financial development, and charted the course for the in-depth reform
         and development of the capital market, giving more play to the pivotal function of the capital market
         to enable it to play a bigger role in serving the real economy to transform and develop. Given the facts
         that progress has been made in building a modern capital market system with Chinese characteristics,
         the comprehensive registration system has been further promoted, and a new round of reform of the
         capital market has been continuously deepened, China’s multi-level capital market functions continues
         to be improved and iterated, with unprecedented and profound changes in the development of the
         capital market ecosystem, which also create new potential, new opportunities and challenges for the
         transformation and development of the securities industry. Meanwhile, the high-standard and systematic
         opening up of the capital market, the cultivation of first-class investment banks and investment institutions,
         and the policy guidance on appropriate expansion of capital headroom for quality institutions will also
         guide securities companies to optimize their business structure and asset allocation and continue to
         enhance their product and service innovation capabilities, so as to provide clients with life-cycle integrated
         financial services of quality and to give full play to the positive role in serving the real economy, national
         strategies and individual wealth management. In addition, the increasingly complex and volatile internal
         and external market environments have imposed higher requirements for integrated client services and
         intensive business operations in the securities industry, where quality securities companies with leading
         capital strength, outstanding professional capabilities, sound synergy mechanisms and vertically integrated
         control would have more competitive advantages.




038
                                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
II. DESCRIPTIONS OF OUR BUSINESS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
The Group is a leading technology-driven securities group in the industry, with a highly collaborative
business model, a cutting-edge digital platform and an extensive and engaging customer base. Our
principal businesses comprise wealth management business, institutional services business, investment
management business and international business. The Group constructs a client-oriented organizational
structure and mechanism, provides comprehensive securities and financial services for individual and
institutional clients through a platform-based and integrated operation, and aims to become a leading
investment bank with strong domestic advantages and global influence.




                                                                    ent" "One Huatai"                                                                                          About Us
                                              "O ne C li


Wealth management                                                          an d O ver se
                                                                                                                                  Institutional services
                                                                      ti c               as
                                                                   e s i n ka g e
                                                                      L
To create a first-class wealth service                 D    om                                                           To build a first-class all-product, whole-
platform with both scale advantages                                                                                     chain full-cycle comprehensive financial
and professional characteristics                                                                                                                     service system
                                                                                              O n lin e and O




                                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                           h ole
                                                        fW                                        I nte g ra f f
                                                    n o in
Investment management                          ti o C h a                                                   ti o li n           International business
                                                  s                                                             n
                                                          Coll                                e
To cultivate a first-class asset                          Busabo                                                                       To assist customers grasp


                                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                               i n ra
                                                                  es
management brand with                                                                                                               the preemptive opportunities
differentiated characteristics                                                                                                              of global value chain
                                         Plat                                                                     l
and advantages of securities                 form                                                             gica               reconstruction and global asset
                                                 -based                    Integrated                    Ecolo
company                                                                                                                                                allocation




                                                Fintech Empowerment




                                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
           We provide customers with diversified wealth management services, including securities, futures and
           options brokerage, financial products sales, fund investment advisory business, and capital-based
           intermediary business through mobile APP, professional PC platforms, subsidiaries and securities and
           futures branch offices, Huatai International and its affiliated overseas subsidiaries, in online and offline
           modes, domestic and overseas linkage. For securities, futures and options brokerage, we mainly execute
           trades on behalf of our clients in stocks, funds, bonds, futures and options, etc. to provide trading services.
Wealth     For financial products sales business, we mainly provide customers with a variety of financial products
management sales services and asset allocation services, and the related financial products are managed by the Group
business   and other financial institutions. Our fund investment advisory business mainly entails upon acceptance
           of clients’ engagement, selecting specific category, amount and timing of trading of investment funds




                                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
           on behalf of our clients within the scope of clients’ authorization in accordance with terms of agreement
           and submitting trading applications including, among others, subscription, redemption and conversion. In
           respect of capital-based intermediary business, we provide diversified financing services including margin
           financing and securities lending as well as stock pledged repurchase. Key performance drivers to wealth




                                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
           management business include fee and commission income, interest income, etc.




                                                                                                                                                                      039
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                            With institutional sales serving as a link, we integrate investment banking, institutional investor services and
                            investment trading business resources to provide various types of corporate and institutional clients with
                            all-round comprehensive financial services, which mainly include investment banking business, prime
                            brokerage business, research and institutional sales business and investment and trading business.
                            (1) Investment banking business primarily consists of domestic and overseas equity financing, bond
                            financing, financial advisory, OTC business, etc. For equity financing business, we provide issuance and
                            underwriting domestic and overseas IPO, equity refinancing and depository receipts for our clients. For bond
                            financing business, we provide services including various types of domestic and overseas bond financing
                            and asset securitization for our clients. For financial advisory business, we provide services including
                            industrial merger and acquisition, share acquisition, financing advisory, corporate restructure and public
                            offering REITs for our clients. For OTC business, we provide clients with NEEQ listing and follow-on financing
                            services, and relevant OTC businesses engaged in by Jiangsu Equity Exchange. Key performance drivers
                            to investment banking business include underwriting and sponsorship fees, financial advisory fees, etc. for
                            stocks, bonds and merger and acquisition business.
                            (2) Prime brokerage business mainly includes the provision of asset custody and fund services for various
                            types of asset management institutions, such as private and public funds, including settlement, liquidation,
                            reporting and valuation. In addition, it also provides margin trading, sales of financial products and other
          Institutional
                            value-added services for clients of prime brokerage. Key performance drivers to prime brokerage business
          services          include fees for fund custody and service business.
          business          (3) Research and institutional sales business mainly consists of research business and institutional sales
                            business. For research business, we provide various professional research and advisory services for internal
                            and external clients. For institutional sales business, we promote and sell diversified securities products and
                            services to various institutional clients. Key performance drivers to research and institutional sales business
                            include incomes from services concerning various research and other institutions.
                            (4) Investment and trading business mainly includes equity trading, FICC trading and OTC derivative
                            transaction. The Group conducts equity, FICC and other financial instruments transactions, and reduces
                            investment risks and increases investment returns through various trading strategies and techniques. At the
                            same time, in order to meet customers’ needs for investment and financing as well as risk management,
                            we also engage in market making business and OTC derivatives business. In terms of equity trading, we
                            invest and trade stocks, ETFs and derivatives, and engage in market making services for stocks in the STAR
                            Market, financial derivatives and financial products. In terms of FICC trading, we invest and trade all kinds of
                            FICC and derivatives in the interbank and exchange bond markets, and engage in market making services
                            for interbank and exchange markets as well as carbon emissions trading. In terms of OTC derivative
                            transactions, we develop and trade OTC financial products for customers, mainly including equity return
                            swaps, OTC options and structured notes. Key performance drivers to investment and trading business
                            include investment incomes from equity, FICC products and derivatives, etc.

                     We accept fund entrustments from clients, develop and provide various financial products for our
                     clients and manage their assets through our professional investment and research platform as well as
                     our substantial client base, effectively satisfying their investment and financing needs. Our investment
                     management business mainly consists of securities firm asset management, private equity fund
                     management and asset management for fund companies, etc. For securities firm asset management,
                     we participate in the operation of securities firm asset management business through our wholly-owned
                     subsidiary Huatai Asset Management; such business includes collective asset management business,
          Investment single asset management business, specialized asset management business and public offering
          management fund management business (which is operated on a differentiated basis from our public offering fund
          business   management business for fund companies under the Group). For private equity fund management
                     business, we operate private equity funds business, which includes investment and management of
                     private equity funds, through our wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai Purple Gold Investment. For asset
                     management business for fund companies, the Group holds non-controlling interests in two public offering
                     fund management companies, namely China Southern Asset Management and Huatai-PineBridge,
                     through which we participate in the operation of asset management business for fund companies. Key
                     performance drivers to asset management business include management fee income, investment
                     income, etc.




040
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                In overseas markets and with Huatai International as its holding platform for international business, the
                Group operates international business through the wholly-owned subsidiaries of Huatai International
                including Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), AssetMark, Huatai Securities (USA) and the Singapore
                Subsidiary. Based on the Hong Kong market, it steadily deploys on the US, Europe, the Southeast Asia and
                other major markets.
                (1) The operations of the Group in Hong Kong are mainly conducted by Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong
                Kong), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai International, which comprehensively connects with full
                business chain system of the Group and provides one-stop cross-border integrated financial services for
                domestic and foreign customers.
                (2) AssetMark is a leading turn-key asset management platform in the United States and a third-party
International   financial service institution that provides a series of services and an advanced and convenient technology
business
                                                                                                                                         About Us
                platform for investment advisors in respect of investment strategies and asset portfolios management,
                customer relations management and asset custody.
                (3) Huatai Securities (USA) owns the US broker-dealer license and the US proprietary trading license. It also
                obtained the business qualification for securities trading with institutional investors in Canada and market
                access to major stock exchanges in Europe. It became an introducing broker for US futures products.
                (4) The Singapore Subsidiary owns the licenses on capital market services and the waiver of licensing
                requirements on wealth management advisory issued by Monetary Authority of Singapore and conducts
                securities trading and corporate financing businesses.
                Key performance drivers to international business include wealth management income, investment
                banking income, investment income, asset management income, etc.


                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                041
 HUATAI SECURITIES




            WEALTH                               INSTITUTIONAL                         INVESTMENT                               INTERNATIONAL
            MANAGEMENT                           SERVICES                              MANAGEMENT                               BUSINESS
            BUSINESS                             BUSINESS                              BUSINESS
          Equity and fund trading volume      Number of equity underwriting         Total asset management scale              Number of H Share IPO sponsorship
                                                                                                                              projects
          RMB                                                                       RMB


          37.16 trillion                      72                                    475.509 billion 10
                                                3                  Market ranking
                                                                                                                               2                  Market ranking


          NMAU of ZhangLe Fortune Path        Equity underwriting amount            Average monthly scale of private equity   Number of GDR issuance projects
                                                                                    funds of private equity subsidiaries
                                              RMB
                                                                                    RMB


         9.3808 million 91.299 billion                                              45.448 billion 6
            1                Market ranking
                                                4                  Market ranking
                                                                                       3                     Market ranking
                                                                                                                                1                 Market ranking


          Balance of margin financing         Bond underwriting amount              The number of enterprise asset            AssetMark AoP
          and securities lending business                                           securitization issuance                   USD
                                              RMB
          RMB


         122.515 billion 1255.854 billion 141                                                                                 108.928 billion
            2                                   3                                      2
                             Market ranking                        Market ranking                            Market ranking


          Holding scale of non-monetary       Number of licensing restructuring     Scale of enterprise asset                 The market share of AssetMark
          market funds                        deals disclosed for the first time    securitization issuance

          RMB                                                                       RMB



         159.7 billion                        7                                     115.429 billion 10.8%
            2                Market ranking
                                                 1                 Market ranking
                                                                                       3                     Market ranking
                                                                                                                               2                  Market ranking



          Explanations: The data of stock and fund trading volume is quoted from the statistics of members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
          and the Shenzhen Stock Exchange; the number of monthly active users of ZhangLe Fortune Path and its ranking are quoted from
          the statistics of Analysys in December 2023 ；the balance of margin financing and securities lending is quoted from the regulatory
          statements of the Company and the business ranking of margin financing and securities lending is quoted from Company’s
          internal statistics; the holding scale and ranking of non-monetary market public offering funds are quoted from the statistics from
          Asset Management Association of China as of the fourth quarter of 2023; the number and ranking of equity underwriting and bond
          underwriting are quoted from Wind; the number and ranking of of licensing restructuring deals disclosed for the first time are quoted
          from statistics based on publicly disclosed information of listed companies of restructuring transactions in which the Company
          serves as independent financial counsel; the total asset management scale is quoted from the regulatory statements of Huatai
          Asset Management; average monthly scale of private equity funds of private equity subsidiaries and its ranking are quoted from
          the statistics from Asset Management Association of China as of the fourth quarter of 2023; the issuing number and total amount
          of enterprise asset securitization and its ranking are quoted from Wind; AssetMark AoP are quoted from the internal statistics of
          the Company as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2023; the market share of AssetMark and its ranking are quoted from Cerulli
          Associates and the TAMP industrial analysis on relevant public information as of the end of the third quarter of 2023; for the terms
          without special illustration, the information is from the statistics by the end of the Reporting Period and the statistics for the Reporting
          Period.




042
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
III. ANALYSIS OF CORE COMPETITIVENESSES DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD

(I) A first-class comprehensive securities group led by the “two-pronged” strategy

Focusing on the strategic vision of “striving to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages
and global influence”, the Group firmly strode forward with the development of the times and resonated with national
strategies. Since 2019, the Group has officially determined and comprehensively implemented the “two-pronged” ( 雙輪驅動 )
strategy on wealth management and institutional services under technology empowerment, actively seized opportunities
in market reform and promoted the transformation and upgrading in various aspects in an orderly manner, including the

                                                                                                                                           About Us
comprehensive market-based systems and mechanisms, the customer-driven organizational structure, the intelligent
operation of service systems as well as cross-border linkage in business development. It has achieved historical
breakthroughs in market-based, digital and international development, embarked on a differentiated development path
and ranked among the leaders in the industry in terms of comprehensive strength. Under the guidance of the “two-pronged”
strategy, the Group has over 21 million customers and the total assets of client accounts reached nearly RMB5 trillion. Its
asset size and profitability ranked in the forefront of the industry and its high-quality development took over the lead in the
industry. The Group maintained its leading position in the industry in terms of the development of wealth management,
investment banking, investment and trading and other core businesses and ranked among the leading Chinese-funded
securities firms in Hong Kong in term of the development strength of the international business. As the first international


                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
securities group listed in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London, the Group has developed the first-class brand image with
wide influence and recognition in domestic and overseas markets. The MSCI ESG rating of the Company has maintained
the highest level among domestic securities companies since 2021. During the Reporting Period, it became the first


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
institution in the domestic securities industry with the rating raised to AA from A, reaching the world-leading level. During
the Reporting Period, Standard & Poor’s kept the long-term issuer rating of “BBB+” with stable prospect for the Company
and its subsidiary Huatai International, which is the highest level among Chinese securities companies.

(II) Platform-based, integrated and comprehensive service systems covering the full business chains

The Group always adheres to the original intention of customer services and the fundamentals of financial services,
continuously promotes the upgrading of organization with “One Client” internally, “One Huatai” externally and the
“integrated operation” internally and externally with the focus on building the platform-based, integrated and ecological




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
systems covering the full business chains and the new development model. In the field of personal customer services,
the Group established and improved the integrated development model driven by the headquarters and linked with
the headquarters and branches. Based on the classification and hierarchy of customers and the orientation of buy-
side services, the Group actively explored new content operation model and continuously developed core capabilities of
platforms to empower clients and investment advisors and constantly enhanced the capabilities on professional trading
and asset allocation services, consolidating and strengthening the leading position and professional brand influence of
wealth management services in the industry. In the field of institutional customer services, the Group continued to focus
on the differentiated and professional financial demands of mutual funds, private funds, banks, insurance, overseas
institutions and other key institutional customers and fully integrated research, sales, trading, products, custody and
other diversified service resources. It constantly optimized the hierarchal customer service system, connected business
scenarios with technology and platforms, accumulated customer portrait and developed cross-border and integrated




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
financial solutions and executive capability, continuously expanding the breadth and depth of customer services and
significantly enhancing the platform-based and integrated core competitiveness. In terms of corporate customer services,
it always serves corporate growth with perspectives and logics of industry. Through constantly tapping into TMT, big health,
big consumption, energy and environmental protection, high-end manufacturing and other key industrial ecosystems




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
and with the full-lifecycle corporate service system as drivers, it fully improved comprehensive services in domestic and
overseas services on various products, strengthened the capability support of the cloud platform of investment banking,
facilitated the development of various outstanding enterprises and actively served the development of real economies
and the establishment of modern industrial systems.




                                                                                                                                  043
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Technology development advantages continuously leading digital financial reform of the industry

          Technology empowerment has been the core competitiveness developed by the Group for years with key inputs and a
          main development line leading its transformation and transcendence. In 2019, the Group firstly initiated the comprehensive
          digital transformation in the industry, resolutely took the path of platform-based business development and adopted
          digital thinking and means to fully transform business and management models and facilitate the implementation of
          the digital operation thinking in all levels of pre-, middle – and post ends. Meanwhile, it joined all parties in building an
          open ecosystem and developing fintech platforms and products at the industry level. Focusing on the target of “client’s
          success, business innovation, operation optimization and employee empowering” in digital transformation and through
          transformation practice and capability accumulation, the Company has developed technology into the differentiated
          development feature leading the digital financial reform in the industry as well as the core driver to improving value
          creation capability and market competitiveness. Relying on the industry-leading independent R&D capability on IT
          technology and the innovation capability on digital products, the application level continuously promoted the deep
          integration of business with technology and developed “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲 樂 財 富 通 ), the platform for securities
          lending, FICC Da Xiang Trading Platform (FICC 大象交易平台 ), the credit analysis and management platform and other
          important platforms with strong market influence and pioneering significance, which effectively facilitated the reshaping
          of business models and developed distinctive market leading advantages in various business segments. The intermediate
          level developed the strong supporting capability through upgrading and iteration, continuously built and improved the
          Data Intelligence Middle Platform ( 數智中台 ), accumulated high-quality data and assets and established the high real-
          time data computing engine and analysis platform to speed up in releasing data value and empowering business
          development. It actively embraced and explored cutting-edge AI technology and constantly explored business-related
          application scenarios. The fundamental level reshaped the bottom technological structure for IT and evolved towards
          comprehensive cloud native. It established and deployed the mixed cloud system with multi cloud and unified operation
          and built safe, reliable and open cloud native platforms with high extension.

          (IV) International development capability at the leading edge of high-level two-way opening up

          Based on the advantages of local resources in China and leveraging on its professional understanding capability on the
          Chinese market and assets, the Group fully seized strategic opportunities in the continuous deepening of the high-level
          opening-up and strived to better meet the diversified financial demands of domestic customers in “going global” and
          overseas customers in “going to China”. With the Hong Kong market as the bridgehead and cross-border businesses as
          drivers, the Group vigorously developed the capital-based intermediary business and fully enhanced the comprehensive
          financial service capability on cross-border and integrated operation, embarking on a differentiated path of international
          development. In recent five years in particular, the Group grasped strategic opportunities in deepening the opening and
          interconnection of the Chinese capital market and became the first Chinese company issued GDRs through the Shanghai-
          London Stock Connect and listed on the London Stock Exchange. It completed the splitting and listing of AssetMark on the
          New York Stock Exchange in the US, established Huatai Securities (USA) and the Singapore Subsidiary, obtained various
          key business licenses in major overseas markets and gradually developed a global value chain system with the coverage
          and interconnected development of the Mainland, Hong Kong, the US, the UK, Singapore and other markets in Asia, Europe
          and America. It continuously deepened its participation and influence in major international markets and significantly
          enhanced the execution capability on integrated projects covering different markets, assets and products. In recent years,
          the Group’s international business effectively responded to the impacts of the complicated and changeable environment
          in international markets and maintained the development momentum with steady progress against the market trend. It
          contributed more than 20% of the Group’s total assets and revenue and has become a key segment leading the strategic
          advancement and expanding the in-depth and strategic development of the Group in the future.




044
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(V) Comprehensive compliance and risk control systems with professional and digital accumulation

The Group always adheres to the development concept that “compliance is the bottom line and risk management is the
capability”, deepens the building of capabilities on digital compliance and risk control and management and strives to
implement and improve the integrated and group-level compliance and risk management structure and system. With the
target of “three-dimensional compliance management with risk as the orientation and data as the basis” and leveraging on
“driven by data, unified platform and empowering business”, the Group firstly promoted the building of digital compliance in
the industry to develop the basis for the professional and efficient digital compliance capability. It continuously strengthens
the construction of three-dimensional compliance, vigorously explores the establishment of cross-border and integrated
compliance control systems, deepens the group compliance management and constantly improves the compliance value
creation capability. Meanwhile, the Group adheres to the risk management culture on stability and long-term development,
upholds the risk management concept with full participation, coverage and penetration and continues to develop the core

                                                                                                                                              About Us
competitiveness in risk management with group-level, professional and platform-based ideas. The Group establishes and
improves the overall risk management system adapting to the integrated and international development of the full business
chains, constantly perfects the risk governance structure, continuously strengthens the risk management mechanism and
control measures, focuses on the R&D and iteration risk management instruments, attaches great importance to the platform-
based construction and comprehensively enhances the risk management capability. The Group closely follows market and
business trends. While consolidating the integrated domestic and overseas risk management systems, it continuously improves
the forward-looking and effective risk management, actively prevents key business risks and enhances the management and
control on high-risk sectors, firmly holds the bottom line of risks and empowers the improvement of quality and efficiency of risk
management through platform-based operation to guarantee the steady business development.



                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
(VI) Development platform empowering overall growth of first-class and professional talents

The Group always adheres to the “people-oriented” concept, continuously stimulates the vitality of talents and constantly



                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
upgrades the value of talents. It establishes the development platform empowering talent growth, actively develops
the platform-based professional talent development model, focuses on the introduction of outstanding talents and
increasingly improves the talent richness to facilitate the common growth of outstanding talents with organizations and
convert talent advantages into core competitive advantages. The Group continuously improves the professional manager
system and carries out the contractual and professional management of operation and management teams in details.
Management members practically conduct exploration with a forward-looking horizon and lead all staff of Huatai to
overcome new challenges, make new breakthroughs and promote the advancement and progress in the development
of the Group. The Group insists on implementing the strategy of building a strong enterprise with talents, establishes
and improves the all-round, multi-layered and three-dimensional talent supply chain systems and talent cultivation




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
systems with the characteristics of Huatai and vigorously develops a young, professional and international talent team.
It has gathered cutting-edge business talents with leadership and many young talents have become business cadres,
refreshing the fine tradition of the staff of Huatai in continuous iteration and development. The Group always adheres
to the talent selection and appointment mechanism with the orientation of capabilities and contributions, continuously
optimizes and improves medium – and long-term incentive mechanisms and selects outstanding young talents in the
market and practice to fully stimulate and maintain the vitality of the talent team. Meanwhile, it comprehensively improves
the strategic consensus of the talent team, guide employees to constantly enhance the awareness on rules, cherish
occupational reputation, carry forward professional spirit and abide by business ethics to provide solid guarantees to the
strategic advancement of the Group.

(VII) Cultural value system with positive and win-win spirit for common progress

After over 30 years of development, the Group has achieved the transformation and advancement towards an
international securities group. Culture has been the spiritual force in its development and the value orientation leading



                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
its growth and progress. In 1997, the Company established the core values of “high efficiency, integrity, stability and
innovation”. With such origin and after continuous integration and evolving, the Company gradually developed the cultural
characteristics of “technology empowerment, innovation and initiative” and an “open and inclusive” cultural atmosphere.




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
The Company insists on improving the “hard strength” in development with the “soft power” in culture and deeply
establishes and implements the corporate spirit of “openness, inclusiveness, innovation, struggle and responsibility”. In
recent years, the Company actively responded to the calls on cultural construction in the industry. In combination with its
own development conditions and led by the establishment of a featured cultural brand system, it solidly advanced cultural
construction and developed the cultural value systems and the cultural work systems with internal cohesion, external
brand as well as distinctive features through system building, themed activities, publicity and trainings, awards and other
forms. Meanwhile, the Company developed the cultural and brand matrix with the integration of Party building culture,
technology culture, compliance culture and risk culture, and continuously enhanced the internal and external recognition
and penetration of culture, achieving the deep integration of cultural building with corporate governance, development
strategies and development models as well as the organic combination with the overall development of people, the
historical and cultural inheritance and the building of professional capabilities. Through the continuous promotion of the
Company’s cultural and value systems and the constant forging of the spiritual force, it shaped the grounding for the
steady and long-term development of the Company’s businesses, making the positive and win-win spirit an important
guarantee to the development of the Company in different cycles and consolidating the cultural foundation for high-
quality development.




                                                                                                                                     045
 HUATAI SECURITIES




         Management
         Discussion and
         Analysis and Report
         of the Board




          I. OPERATION DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                            Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                   Year-
                                                                                on-year
                                                                              change of
                                                                               segment          Year-
                           Segment                                              revenue       on-year
                            revenue                               Segment     and other     change of        Year-on-year
                          and other                                  profit      income      segment            change of
                             income      Segment      Segment      margin     and gains      expenses       segment profit
          Segment         and gains      expenses       results        (%)           (%)          (%)              margin
          Wealth                                                                                                 Decrease of
          management      23,324,795   (16,634,272)   6,690,523      28.68        (0.67)          10.43     7.17 percentage
          business                                                                                                    points
          Institutional                                                                                    Increase of 16.46
          services        10,549,352   (7,907,900)    2,641,394      25.04         29.70           6.37         percentage
          business                                                                                                   points
          Investment                                                                                       Increase of 55.69
          management       3,358,823    (1,589,098)   1,799,759      53.58         47.94          31.27         percentage
          business                                                                                                    points
                                                                                                             Decrease of
          International
                          12,941,308   (10,648,760)   2,270,835       17.55        37.47          41.58 2.56 percentage
          business
                                                                                                                  points
          Others                                                                                            Increase of 2.50
          (including       2,086,143    (3,860,511)     802,153      38.45       (40.80)         (15.81)        percentage
          offset)                                                                                                    points
                                                                                                            Increase of 1.07
          Segment total   52,260,421 (40,640,541) 14,204,664          27.18         11.61         13.47        percentage
                                                                                                                    points




046
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(I) Overall operation conditions

2023 is the first year for fully implementing the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress. China’s
economy withstood external pressures and overcame internal difficulties, achieving overall recovery and
improvement. Meanwhile, the full implementation of the registration-based IPO system and the advancing
of the new round of deepening reform in China’s capital market brought new opportunities and challenges
for the operation and development of securities companies. Facing the complicated internal and external
operation environment, the Group firmly bore the responsibilities and undertakings of financial enterprises
in mind, actively implemented the spirit of the 20th CPC National Congress, the Central Financial Work
Conference and the Central Economic Work Conference, firmly focused on the strategic vision of “striving to

                                                                                                                                              About Us
become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and global influence”, continuously
deepened the “two-pronged” ( 雙 輪 驅 動 ) development strategy on wealth management and institutional
services under technology empowerment, focused on establishing the platform-based, integrated and
ecological new development model and promoted the continuous progress of the market-based, digital
and international development. Major measures included: building professional and open financial service
platforms and strengthening the competitiveness of wealth management driven by the headquarters with
the coordination of the headquarters and branches; optimizing the service systems and service models
for institutional customers and improving the efficiency of the platform-based development of institutional
businesses; constantly enhancing the investment research capability on active management and

                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
developing the advantages of securities companies in the distinctive investment management business;
deepening cross-border integrated linkage and facilitating the improvement and upgrading of international


                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
development; consolidating the platform-based business operation and strengthening the output of value
and better converting technological advantages into market competitive advantages. During the Reporting
Period, the Group maintained a steady development trend for all businesses and achieved growth in
operating results against the market trend, improving the comprehensive strength and making new
progress in high-quality development.

(II) Wealth management business




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
1. Market environment
                                                        Total turnover in the A-share market and its year-on-year
As affected by changes in the macro economy
                                                        changes
and the market operation environment, the
                                                                                              Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB
bottom logic of the allocation of major assets is
experiencing profound changes. With the constant        300
                                                                                                                             80%
transition and upgrading of residents’ demand                                             62.40%257.18
                                                        250
for wealth allocation, the more diversification of                                                         223.89            60%
                                                                                                                    212.10
participants in the wealth management market, the       200
                                                                                          206.05
                                                                                 41.53%
increasingly enrichment of wealth management                    CAGR                                                         40%
                                                                +11.27%
instruments and the in-depth development of             150




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
                                                                                 126.88
the digital operation of wealth management,                    111.76
                                                                                                   24.81%
                                                                                                                             20%
                                                        100              89.65
all wealth management institutions carried out
continuous transformation and innovation to better       50
                                                                                                                 -5.27% 0%




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                           -12.94%
serve common prosperity as the new mission of                           -19.78%
the wealth management industry in the new era             0                                                                  -20%
                                                               2017      2018     2019     2020     2021    2022    2023
towards the development orientation of upgrading
professional management and customer                     Source: Wind                                               Total turnover
                                                                                         Year-on-year changes of total turnover
experience. Under the market environment
with fluctuations, wealth management institutions are more required to focus on personalized wealth
management demands of clients and continuously enhance the building of the investment research
capability and the asset allocation capability based on the logic of buyer-side services and its own
resources endowment to provide customers with professional and differentiated long-term service value.

In 2023, the A shares market curbed after an upsurge with a declining willingness in trading and investment.
According to the statistics from Wind Information, the total turnover in the A-share market was RMB212.10




                                                                                                                                     047
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.27%. The market size improved with the continuous
          improvement of margin financing and securities lending policies. The scale of margin financing and
          securities lending business across the market was RMB1,650.896 billion, representing a year-on-year
          increase of 7.17%. With diversified business models, the fund investment advisory business enjoys a
          considerable business development potential. According to the statistics from the Asset Management
          Association of China, the existing scale of stocks + hybrid mutual funds of top 100 fund sales institutions was
          RMB5,017.8 billion and the existing scale of mutual funds in non-monetary markets was RMB8,545.3 billion.
          The trading activity in the futures market improved with a steady growth in the trading scale. According to
          the statistics from the China Futures Association, the total turnover of the futures markets across the country
          was RMB568.51 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 6.28%. The complicated and changeable
          market environment and the increasingly intensified competition pattern raised higher requirements on the
          core capabilities of wealth management institutions. Wealth management institutions which adapt to new
          market normals, continuously improve professional capabilities on trading and wealth management and
          value creation capability on continuously accompanying customers, rely on advanced digital platforms
          and experienced investment advisory teams and provide customers with one-stop comprehensive services
          on all assets and life-cycle services will gain extensive development space.


          Scale of margin financing and securities lending business                      The total turnover of the futures markets and its year-on-
          across the market and its year-on-year changes                                 year changes

                                            Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                            Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB


        20,000                              58.84%                                       600                                       581.20            568.51
                                                     18,321.91                    60%                                                                         60%
                                                                                                                                            534.94
                                                                      16,508.96                                           50.56%
                                            16,190.08
                                                               15,403.92                 500                                                                  50%
        15,000
                                     34.88%                                       40%                                     437.53
                  CAGR                                                                                           37.85%
                  +8.25%                                                                                                                                      40%
                                                                                         400    CAGR
                 10,262.64        10,192.85                                       20%           +20.26%
                                                                                                                 290.61                                       30%
        10,000                                                          7.17%            300                                       32.84%
                          7,557.04                    13.17%
                                                                                  0%                    210.82                                                20%
                                                                                               187.90
                                                                                         200
                                                                                                                                                     6.28%    10%
         5,000                                                                                          12.20%
                                                                                  -20%
                                                               -15.93%                   100
                                                                                                                                                              0%
                         -26.36%                                                                                                            -7.96%
            0                                                                     -40%     0                                                                  -10%
                  2017     2018      2019     2020      2021     2022    2023                   2017     2018     2019    2020     2021     2022      2023

           Source: Wind                                         Business scale           Source：China                                       The total turnover
                                        Year-on-year changes of business scale           Futures Association             Year-on-year changes of total turnover



          2. Operational measures and achievements

          (1) Securities, futures and options brokerage business and wealth management service

          During the Reporting Period, the Group further optimized and upgraded the structural system and operation
          model of the wealth management business with customer demand as the center. Under the guidance
          of the platform-based and integrated strategies, with contents and services as the linkage and relying
          on high-quality platforms and services, the Group continuously improved the user experience, built
          wealth management platforms with differentiated competitive advantages and constantly deepened
          the operation of customer groups to vigorously expand the differentiated value creation capability and
          the comprehensive profitability and increasingly enhance the brand influence. It improved and perfected
          the integrated operation of wealth management business systems driven by the headquarters with the
          coordination of the headquarters and branches, continuously iterated and upgraded the functions of the
          wealth management platforms, constantly optimized the platform-based operation strategies and service
          contents, promoted the fine operation covering the full lifecycle of customers and built the operation growth
          system across the whole links. Focusing on the operation concept of “classification of customer groups and
          hierarchy of customers”, the Group actively facilitated the upgrading of the customer service model and
          the innovation of the operation model and refined the classified and hierarchical customer service systems




048
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
 to increasingly improve the professional service capability and service experience. According to internal
 statistics, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets of client accounts reached RMB4.94 trillion. It
 continued to optimize the classified and hierarchical position system and personnel structure, actively built
 a professional and high-quality investment advisory team and constantly deepened the empowerment
 and support for the operation of the investment advisory team to improve the coverage and satisfaction
 of wealth management services. According to internal statistics, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the
 number of the Company’s staff registered for carrying out securities investment consultancy (investment
 advisory) with the Securities Association of China was 3,194.

 The Group continuously promoted innovation in products and services of the “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富
 通 ) platform, actively explored the application services based on Al technology, released the content platform
 “ZhangLe i Can” ( 漲樂 i 看 ), constantly the operational efficiency and scenarized penetration of characteristic                                       About Us
 trading tools and strategic services and continuously improved the core experience in trading and wealth
 management. During the Reporting Period, “ZhangLe Fortune Path” (漲樂財富通) had a download volume of 3.9524
 million, with a cumulative download volume of 74.0124 million since its launch; 96.79% of trading customers used
 “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) to conduct transactions. According to the statistics of Analysys Enfodesk
 ( 易觀智庫 ), during the Reporting Period, the average NMAU of “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) was 9.0643
 million. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the NMAU was 9.3808 million, ranking the first among securities
 company APPs. At the same time, the Group continuously optimized the function and operation capability of


                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
 “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲樂全球通 ) platform and was committed to providing customers with one-stop investment
 management services for global assets. The cumulative download volume of “ZhangLe Global” ( 漲 樂 全 球
 通 ) was 2.1008 million since its launch with the number of customers and the brand popularity increasingly

                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
 enhanced.


 Average NMAU of “ZhangLe Fortune Path”                                  Proportion of the number of users trading through
                                                                         “ZhangLe Fortune Path”
                                                    Unit: ten thousand

1,000                                               926.83 906.43        100%
                                    889.66 891.31                                                                     96.13% 96.74% 96.79%
         CAGR                                                                                                94.27%




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
         +7.60%           755.03                                                                    90.45%
 800
                                                                          90%              87.34%
                 663.69
                                                                                  85.29%
        583.96
 600
                                                                          80%

 400

                                                                          70%
 200


   0                                                                      60%
         2017     2018    2019      2020    2021    2022    2023                   2017     2018     2019     2020      2021   2022   2023

 Source: Statistics from Analysys                                        Source: Internal statistics from the Company




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
 The Group further strengthened its advantages in trading services based on advanced platforms. According
 to the statistics of members of the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, the Group’s stock and fund




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
 trading volume totaled RMB37.16 trillion during the Reporting Period, continuously ranking among the best in
 the industry.




                                                                                                                                             049
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Data of agency transaction amount
                                                                                                                                        Currency: RMB

                                       2023                                                                         2022

                                       Agency transaction amount                                               Agency transaction amount
          Type of securities                                                           Type of securities
                                                   (in RMB100 million)                                                       (in RMB100 million)

          Stocks                                              302,386.31            Stocks                                              323,960.42

          Funds                                                 69,239.14           Funds                                                 63,627.23

          Debentures                                         504,765.36             Debentures                                           418,032.44

          Total                                               876,390.81            Total                                               805,620.09

          Note: The data of agency transaction amount are cited from the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchange members’ statistics, of which the fund
          data include trading volume of ETFs, monetary ETFs, LOFs and publicly offered REITs on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.



          In terms of stock options brokerage business, the                      Equity fund trading volume
          Group continued to optimize the functions of the                                                            Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB
          trading system, deepen core customer services,
                                                                                  50
          promote intelligent operation and management
                                                                                                                             42.29
          and strengthen risk management, maintaining the
                                                                                                                                     38.76
          leading market position of the business. According                      40                                                          37.16
                                                                                                                     34.19
          to the statistics of the Shanghai Stock Exchange,                                 CAGR
                                                                                            +11.82%
          the Company’s stock options brokerage business                          30

          at the Shanghai Stock Exchange ranked the first                                                   20.57
                                                                                            19.01
          in the industry in terms of trading volume and                          20
                                                                                                    14.27
          market share during the Reporting Period. For the
          ETF business, the Group continuously diversified                        10
          trading strategies and instruments and relied on
          the investment research capability and platform-
                                                                                                                                              2023
                                                                                   0
                                                                                            2017    2018    2019     2020    2021     2022
          based operation systems of the Company
          to practically meet customers’ differentiated                           Source: Regular reports of the Company               Trading volume

          investment demands. According to the statistics
          of the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, the Company’s non-monetary ETFs ranked the first in the
          industry in terms of trading volume and market share on the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges
          during the Reporting Period.

          For the futures brokerage business, as of the end of the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures had 9 futures
          branches and 42 futures branches in total covering 4 municipalities directly under the Central Government
          and 17 provinces in China, being the agent of 131 types of futures. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures
          realized an agency trading volume of 733.1884 million lots with a transaction amount of RMB55,671,517 million.
          The Group deepened the integration between its securities and futures businesses, with 240 securities
          branches permitted to be engaged in Futures IB Business and the total number of Futures IB Business
          customers reaching 59,800 as of the end of the Reporting Period.


          (2) Financial product sales and fund investment advisory business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group proactively constructed an integrated asset allocation service
          system based on buyers’ perspective with customer needs as the center, asset allocation and investment
          and research of financial products as the core business drivers and platformization and specialization as
          the traction, coordinated and promoted the development of financial product sales and fund investment
          advisory business and provided customers with differentiated portfolio strategies and allocation
          solutions to meet customers’ diversified demands for wealth preservation and appreciation. According
          to internal statistics, during the Reporting Period, the number of financial products held (except for the




050
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
cash management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天 天 發 )) was 11,070, and their sales scale (except for the cash
management product “Tian Tian Fa” ( 天天發 )) was RMB443.524 billion. According to the statistics from the Asset
Management Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ) in the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company’s
shares and hybrid public funds maintained a scale of RMB134,500 million, and the public funds in the non-
money market maintained a scale of RMB159,700 million, both ranking the second in the securities industry.


Holding Scale of Stock+Mixed Public Offering Funds                 Holding Scale of Non-monetary Market Public Offering
                                                                   Funds
                            Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                               Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                                               About Us
Market                                                             Market
ranking      2                    2                    2           ranking     2                     2                    2
1,500                                                              2,000
                                                     1,345
          CAGR                  1,226                                        CAGR                                       1,597
1,200     +25.79%                                                            +30.90%
                                                                   1,500                           1,367

 900        850

                                                                   1,000      932




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
 600


                                                                    500
 300



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                       0
                                                    2023                                                               2023
    0
          2021                 2022                                          2021                 2022

Source : Asset Management                         Holding scale    Source : Asset Management                         Holding scale
Association of China                                               Association of China



During the Reporting Period, with the focus on the differentiated demands of classified and hierarchical
customers and the investment advisory business for buyers as the core, the Group continued to enrich




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
and improve the supply system of financial products. It established the product supply matrix based on
various dimensions, provided multi-dimensional solutions from the selection of single products to the
allocation of strategies and strengthened the exploration of the value of financial products to satisfy the
multi-layered asset allocation demands of customers. The Group continued to enhance the construction
of core investment and research capabilities of buyers in wealth management based on the allocation of
major assets, performed due research and judgment on various assets, strategies and trends, continuously
improved the allocation service systems of “Worry-free Families” ( 省心家族 ), constantly optimized customer
service scenarios and customer service plans and improved customer companion with integrated
operation and advisory services. It enhanced the construction of digital platforms, continuously upgraded
and iterated the buyer-side investment research system, strengthened the research capabilities on module
functions and strategic support, constantly optimized the factor research system, promoted the penetration



                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
research on fundamental assets and the selection and integration of products and resources and improved
the efficiency of investment research, enhancing the overall efficiency and capability of the business.




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
(3) Capital-based intermediary business

During the Reporting Period, for the capital-based intermediary business, the Group closely followed
changes in market and policies, adjusted the forward-looking strategic layout, deepened the cooperation
and linkage across the entire business chains and practically strengthened risk management and control. It
constantly innovated business models, continuously deepened the connotation of services, actively built a
multi-layered customer service system and provided customers with comprehensive solutions on integrated
financing bills and one-stop services. For margin financing business, the Group actively established the
market-based pricing systems, fully leveraged on various marketing instruments and innovative products
and effectively met customer demands, achieving steady growth in the market share of the business. For
securities lending business, the Group practically strengthened the independent compliance awareness
across the entire business chains and constantly improved the management of securities pools and the




                                                                                                                                      051
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          customer management system to ensure the effective implementation of management and control under
          new regulations. It continuously iterated the functions of the Securities Lending Path ( 融券通 ) platform
          in combination with customer demands, established and improved the new ecosystems of the securities
          lending business and provided customers with
          intelligent and real-time trading experience               Scale of margin financing and securities lending business
                                                                                                       Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
          and digital and personalized operation services.
          According to the regulatory statement data, as
                                                                    1,500                              7.67%
          of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of                                                   7.52% 7.29% 7.42%             8%

          margin financing and securities lending business                                    6.59% 1,241.231,376.99              1,225.15
                                                                    1,200                                              1,123.47
          of the Parent Company was RMB122.515 billion,                     5.73% 5.76%
                                                                                                                                             6%
          with a market share of 7.42%, and the integral
                                                                     900      CAGR
          maintenance guarantee ratio was 252.02%. The                        +13.01%         671.25
                                                                                                                                             4%
          pending repurchase balance of stock pledged                       588.13
                                                                     600
          repurchase business was RMB26.049 billion in                               435.15
          total, with an average fulfillment guarantee ratio                                                                                 2%
                                                                     300
          of 218.73%, among which, the pending repurchase
          balance of on-balance-sheet business was
                                                                       0                                                                     0%
          RMB6.108 billion, with an average fulfillment                      2017    2018      2019     2020   2021     2022        2023
          guarantee ratio of 216.43%; while the pending
                                                                             Balance                  Market share
          repurchase balance of off-balance-sheet business
                                                                     Source: Regular reports of the Company
          was RMB19.941 billion.


          3. Outlook for 2024

          For wealth management business, the Group will adhere to the orientation of “creating value for customers”,
          strengthen the construction of financial middle platform and the output of professional capabilities,
          expand services ecosystem with its open platform, and meet customer demand with in-depth operation to
          practically promote the transformation of wealth management business into a full life cycle service model
          for customers and vigorously develop differentiated competitive advantages. It will improve and perfect the
          classified and hierarchical customer service system, constantly strengthen the integrated customer service
          and operation model and ancillary operation capabilities, continuously optimize measures on empowering
          services and operation, build the matrix of contents and services covering the full investment cycle of
          customers and actively establish the customer growth model with professional service capabilities as the
          core. Based on professional division of work and systematic cultivation, it will focus on building a professional
          customer-oriented investment advisory team, continue to improve the classified and hierarchical operation
          system and efficiency evaluation system and constantly optimize the integrated operation mechanism
          with the coordination of the headquarters and branches to effectively improve the efficiency of wealth
          management services. It will pay continuous attention to the development and application of cutting-edge
          AI technology, proactively explore and innovate service scenarios, iterate and upgrade the functions of the
          wealth management platform and facilitate the output of the wealth management service capability and
          the efficient coverage of customers as well as empower the operation of customer groups in a systematic
          manner.

          For the financial product sales and the fund investment advisory businesses, the Group will integrate
          resources in the entire business chains and continue to improve the platform-based empowerment. It will
          actively develop a buyer-side investment advisory business system with the integration of the headquarter
          and branches, continue to diversify strategy types, optimize customer service scenarios, and iterate
          and upgrade allocation models. It will strengthen professional capabilities on investment and research,
          provide customers with diversified solutions for the allocation of financial products and intensify customer
          companion services to increasingly improve customers’ investment experience.

          For the capital-based intermediary business, the Group will closely follow new changes in policies and the
          market, continuously deepen the platform-based, integrated and ecological business development models,
          uphold the bottom line of compliance, consolidate the defense line of risk control, constantly diversify the
          connotation of products and services and actively innovate business operation models to meet customers’




052
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
diversified business demands. It will fully display the comprehensive strength on the entire business chains,
improve and perfect professional service systems matching customer demands from trading services,
comprehensive services, customer operation, product innovation and other dimensions and continuously
improve the brand effect of businesses.


(III) Institutional services business

1. Market environment

In 2023, most of major indexes in the domestic stock market experienced adjustments. The Wind All China

                                                                                                                                                               About Us
Index, the Shanghai Composite Index, the Shenzhen Component Index and the ChiNext Index dropped by
5.19%, 3.70%, 13.54% and 19.41%, respectively. At the same time, the bond market witnessed an upward trend
amid fluctuations. The CSI Aggregate Bond Index and the China Bond Composite Full-price (Aggregate)
Index jumped by 5.23% and 2.07%, respectively. In the face of the new changes in market environment and
under the background of the deepening and implementation of the overall registration-based IPO system
and the continuous advancing of relevant policies and measures on revitalizing the capital market, the
institutionalization of the capital market was constantly improved. Major institutions sped up in transforming
operation models and the market development ecology experienced profound changes, which put forward
higher requirements on the institutional service business of securities companies.


                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
In 2023, the overall size of the equity financing market in China declined. According to the statistics from
Wind Information, fund raised on the full caliber, including IPOs, additional offering and share allotment,

                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
totaled RMB1,064,605 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 34.66%, among which, funds raised
from IPOs were RMB358,971 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 31.27%; and funds raised from
re-financing were RMB705,634 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 36.26%. The bond financing
market maintained a growth momentum with the total amount of bond issuance of RMB71,046,472 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 15.46%, among which, the size of corporate bonds issued was
RMB3,855,395 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 24.43%. The number of transactions in        Statistics of stock issuance




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
the M&A market increased slightly but the amount                                                Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
of transactions maintained the declining trend.
                                                         20,000                                       18,407.55                                60%
According to the statistics from Zero2IPO Research                                             17,259.59

Center PEDATA( 清科研究中心“私募通”), the number
                                                                                        15,575.45
                                                                  15,766.38                                  16,293.28
                                                                                         44.31%                                                40%
                                                         15,000
of M&A cases in the M&A market in China was 2,654,
representing a year-on-year increase of 4.65%                               10,792.98                                        10,646.05 20%
                                                                                                           6.65%
while the amount of transactions was RMB984,789          10,000
                                                                                                  10.81%                                       0%
million, representing a year-on-year decrease                                                                      -11.49%
of 2.73%. Under the market environment with               5,000
                                                                                                                                               -20%
new policies, securities companies which grasp                               -31.54%
                                                                                                                            -34.66%
economic and industrial development trends,



                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                                              0                                                                                -40%
build professional service systems with the all-                     2017      2018       2019     2020     2021      2022      2023

round and full-lifecycle investment and financing           Funds raised from the IPO                  Funds raised from additional offering
demands of customers as the orientation, highlight          Funds raised from share allotment          Funds raised from preferred shares




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                            Funds raised from convertible bonds        Funds raised from exchangeable bonds
business synergy and provide integrated and
                                                        Notes:
comprehensive financial services and professional       1. Source: Wind;
financial products and fully display the role of full   2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including
products and high-efficiency services in serving        issuance of shares for purchasing assets), share allotment, preferred
                                                        shares, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
the high-quality development of the real economy        3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date.
will gain more significant competitive advantages.




                                                                                                                                                      053
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Total amount of bond issuance and its year-on-year                                                           The number and amount of transactions in the M&A
          changes                                                                                                      market in China and its year-on-year changes
                                                         Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                                  Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

         Total                                                                                                         The
         amount of 37,404 39,238 43,825 50,258 53,797                             47,471       51,040                  number of 2,813        2,584    1,833       1,893       2,172      2,536     2,654
         issuance                                                                                                      M&A cases
                                                                                                                                                               19.57%
          800,000                                                                                          30%         20,000     18,919.23                                                                   20%
                                                     25.94%                                   710,464.72
                                                                                                           25%
                                                                                                                                                                                         8.75%
                                                                      617,568.36 615,332.47                                                                                                                   10%
          600,000                                        569,077.52                                                     15,000
                                                                                                           20%                             12,653.59
                                                                                           15.46%                                                                 12,111.77                     -2.73%        0%
                                 438,460.61 451,871.03
                    409,049.25                                                                             15%                                        10,129.30                          10,124.02 9,847.89
          400,000                                                                                                       10,000                                                9,309.57                        -10%
                                                                      8.52%                                10%
                                 7.19%
                                                                                                                                                                                                              -20%
                                                                                                           5%
          200,000                                                                                                       5,000                        -19.95%
                                                                               -0.36%                                                                                     -23.14%
                                            3.06%                                                          0%                                                                                                 -30%

                                                                                                                                           -33.12%
               0                                                                                           -5%              0                                                                                 -40%
                     2017         2018       2019         2020         2021 2022               2023                                 2017      2018     2019        2020        2021 2022           2023

                    Issuance scale                         Year-on-year changes of issuance scale                                   The amount of transactions

          Notes: 1. Source: Wind                                                                                                 Year-on-year changes of the amount of transactions
          2. The statistical scope includes national bonds, local government bonds,                                   Source: statistics from PEDATA of Zero2IPO Research Center
          central bank bills, interbank deposits, financial bonds, enterprise bonds,
          corporate bonds, medium-term notes, short-term financing bonds,
          targeted instruments, international agency bonds, government-backed
          agency bonds, asset-backed securities, convertible bonds, separable
          convertible bond deposit, and exchangeable bonds.
          3. The statistical caliber of Wind is the date of issue.


          2. Operational measures and achievements

          (1) Investment banking business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group regarded serving the real economy as our mission and responsibility.
          Adhering to the client-centric operation philosophy, the Group fully displayed the leading role of the
          investment banking business as the flow inlet of quality assets, strengthened the coordination and
          cooperation of all business segments and continuously promoted financial services covering the full chains
          and products covering the full cycle to improve the overall market competitiveness in an all-round manner
          and actively build first-class investment banking service systems with an international horizon. In the
          evaluation on the quality of the investment banking business of securities companies in 2023 released by
          the Securities Association of China, Huatai United Securities continuously maintained the A level.

          Consolidated data                                                                                                                                                                          Currency: RMB


                                                                                               2023                                                                           2022
          Categories of                                           Times of lead                       Lead underwriting                        Times of lead                           Lead underwriting
          Issuance                                                 underwriting                       amount (in RMB10                          underwriting                           amount (in RMB10
                                                                        (time)                               thousand)                               (time)                                   thousand)

          Issue of new shares                                                              20                   1,735,477.09                                          25                           3,194,594.25

          Additional issue of
                                                                                              31                3,778,198.31                                          33                          4,957,768.24
          new shares

          Allotment of shares                                                                   1                58,536.44                                              2                               118,387.10

          Issue of bonds                                                            2,569                  66,618,500.08                                       2,024                              49,495,258.01

          Total                                                                       2,621                  72,190,711.92                                     2,084                            57,766,007.60

          Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements, while the statistical caliber is the issuance completion date of the project; preferred
          shares are included in the additional newly issued shares; bonds issuance includes treasury bonds, enterprise bonds, corporate bonds (including
          exchangeable bonds), convertible bonds, short-term financing bonds and medium-term notes, etc., but it excludes asset-backed securitization
          projects.




054
                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
① Equity financing business

During the Reporting Period, the equity financing business continued to adhere to the whole business chain
strategy on deeply exploring regional development and focusing on and serving industries, maintaining its
leading position in terms of the ranking and market share in the industry. It continuously consolidated its
advantages in large projects. It participated in 3 of the top 10 IPOs and 5 of the top 10 re-financing projects
in the whole market. According to the statistics from Wind Information, the number of the Group’s equity
lead underwriting projects (including the IPOs, additional offerings, allotment of shares, preferred shares,
convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds) was 72, ranking the third in the industry; and the amount was
RMB91.299 billion, ranking the fourth in the industry.


Number and ranking of equity underwriting                                    Amount and ranking of equity underwriting                                             About Us
                                                                                                                 Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


           4       3        3        3       3        4        3                          5          3       3        3       4          4         4
Market                                                                       Market
ranking                                                                      ranking
                                             98
100                                                                         2,000
                 CAGR                                                                                                      1,762.47
                 +0.71%                               81
                                    77                                                                                                1,553.69
 80                                                           72                                                  1,475.46
           69                                                               1,500                 1,384.66
                                                                                                          1,320.95



                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
 60                                                                                    1,105.72
                            49
                                                                            1,000                                                                912.99
                   39



                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
 40

                                                                              500
 20


  0                                                                              0
          2017    2018     2019    2020     2021    2022     2023                       2017       2018    2019     2020     2021      2022      2023

          Number of equity underwriting                                                Amount of equity underwriting

Notes:
1. Source: Wind;




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
2. The statistical coverage includes IPO, additional offering (including ancillary financing and placement subscribed with assets), share
allotment, preferred shares, convertible bonds and exchangeable bonds;
3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date. Therefore,
there are differences between the data from Wind and the statistical data from the Company.



② Bonds financing business

During the Reporting Period, the bond financing business continuously adhered to serving the high-quality
development of the real economy, focused on leading and high-quality customers, promoted the issuance
of green bonds and technological innovation bonds, actively developed excellent projects and practiced
national strategies. The Group underwrote a total of 77 technological innovation bonds with RMB23.287 billion
and 51 green bonds with RMB27.543 billion. According to the statistics from Wind Information, the Group’s



                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
lead-underwriting number of full variety bonds was 3,150, ranking the third in the industry; and the amount
was RMB1,255.854 billion, ranking the third in the industry. According to the statistics from the Securities
Association of China, the actual bidding for local government bonds won by the Company amounted to



                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
RMB51.261 billion, the corporate bonds related to rural revitalization underwrote by Huatai United Securities as
the lead underwriter amounted to RMB3.085 billion, both ranking the first in the industry.




                                                                                                                                                          055
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Number and ranking of bond underwriting                                            Amount and ranking of bond underwriting
                                                                                                                                  Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB


                                         6        4        3         4        3                           7        8          7          5         3           3        3
          Market                                                                            Market
          ranking                                                                           ranking

         3,500                                                                             15,000
                                                                            3,150
                                                                                                                                                                    12,558.54
         3,000
                                                                   2,540                   12,000
         2,500                                                                                                                                              9,804.02
                                                         2,193                                                                                   9,311.03
                       CAGR                                                                 9,000             CAGR
         2,000                                  1,826
                       +45.72%                                                                                +35.65%
         1,500                                                                                                                        5,669.63
                                                                                            6,000
                                       1,086
         1,000                                                                                                             3,356.47
                              432                                                           3,000      2,016.00 2,043.40
           500       329

              0                                                                                  0
                    2017      2018     2019     2020      2021     2022     2023                        2017     2018       2019       2020       2021       2022      2023

                    Number of bond underwriting                                                         Amount of bond underwriting

          Notes:
          1. Source: Wind;
          2. The statistical coverage includes local government bonds, policy-bank bonds, non-policy financial bonds (including securities corporate
          bonds), enterprise bonds, corporate bonds, medium-term notes, short-term financing bonds (including ultra short-term financing bonds),
          dedicated instruments, bonds issued by international institutions, bonds issued by government-supported agencies, asset-backed securities,
          convertible bonds, exchangeable bonds and other bonds;
          3. The statistical caliber of Wind is issuance date, while the statistical caliber of the Company's regulatory reporting is payment date. Besides, the
          statistical coverage of Wind is different from that of regulatory reporting. Therefore, there are differences between the data from Wind and the
          statistical data from the Company. For the calculation method of issuing number, the statistical caliber of Wind is different from that of regulatory reporting.



          ③ Financial advisory business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group actively engaged in the promotion of industrial M&As and integration,
          served the campaign on deepening and improving the reform of SOEs as well as the improvement of the
          quality of listed companies, achieving diversified development and maintaining the leading advantages for
          the financial advisory business. It completed the offer on the acquisition of Yutong Group, the asset injection
          into Tongling Nonferrous, the industrial M&As of Changling Hydraulic, the debt restructuring of Zhengbang
          Technology and other diversified cases. The Group continuously served enterprises in “going global” and
          the “Belt and Road” initiatives. During the Reporting Period, the cross-border M&A transaction on the optical
          film assets of LG Chem by Nuoyan Capital with the assistance of the Group ranked among the top 10 cross-
          border M&As of Chinese enterprises in 2023. According to the statistics on the information disclosed by listed
          companies, the Group served as an independent financial advisor for 7 licensed reorganization transactions
          disclosed for the first time, ranking the first in the industry. 11 transactions on the acquisition of controlling
          rights were disclosed and 8 of them were completed, both ranking the first in the industry.

          ④ OTC business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group actively leveraged on the connection path between the NEEQ and the
          Beijing Stock Exchange, fully displayed the integrated advantage as a large investment bank and continued
          to provide technological innovation-based growth enterprises with multi-layered capital market services. It
          was awarded Level I in the results of the evaluation on the practice quality of securities companies in 2023
          released by the Beijing Stock Exchange and the NEEQ. During the Reporting Period, the Group completed five
          projects listing on the NEEQ and six projects for private issuance of stocks by companies listed on the NEEQ.
          Jiangsu Equity Exchange, a holding subsidiary of the Company, continued to improve the management
          of existing products and continuously explored innovative business models. The regional equity market
          systems and business innovation pilots were approved by the CSRC and the plan on the establishment of
          the special column of “specialized and sophisticated enterprises that produce new and unique products”
          was filed with the CSRC. The blockchain platform functions were continuously expanded and improved
          and the diversified and comprehensive financial service capabilities were constantly improved. As of the
          end of the Reporting Period, 16,454 enterprises have been listed and displayed, 172 enterprises are purely
          under custody. It has 174 membership units and 80,704 investors of all types, and it raised RMB11.143 billion for




056
                                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
enterprises through financing during the Reporting Period.

(2) Prime brokerage (PB) business

During the Reporting Period, the Group deeply explored in serving intuitional customer groups from the
perspective of the full PB business chains, continuously optimized customer service platforms, deeply
tapped into data value and constantly improved customers’ experience, providing professional institutional
investors with one-stop comprehensive prime brokerage transactions and services across on – and off-
market and domestic and overseas markets. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had 12,190
fund products in custody and the total size of fund in custody reached RMB450.001 billion. We provided
administration services to 16,799 fund products (including 987 products from Huatai Asset Management),
of which the service scale reached RMB1,078.507 billion (including the business scale of Huatai Asset                                                                 About Us
Management of RMB379.571 billion). According to the statistics from the Asset Management Association of
China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ) in the fourth quarter of 2023, the Group ranked the fourth in the industry in
terms of the number of products filed under the private fund custody business.


 Number of fund custody products and business scale                         Number of fund service products and business scale
 of fund custody                                                            of fund services
                               Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                         Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB



                                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
 Number 1,897    2,642     3,678      5,309     7,819   10,154   12,190     Number 2,727       3,465    4,444      6,481      9,958    13,419     16,799




                                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
5,000                                                                     12,000
                                                              4,500.01                                                                           10,785.07
                                                      4,184.36                                                               9,975.48 9,834.42
                                              3,917.51                    10,000   9,653.45
4,000                                                                                                             9,067.33
                                                                                              8,490.65 8,587.61
                                                                          8,000      CAGR
3,500                                                                                +1.86%
          CAGR                       2,458.27
          +42.33%                                                         6,000
2,000
                          1,311.89                                        4,000




                                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
1,000            733.05
        541.22                                                            2,000


   0                                                                          0
         2017    2018      2019       2020      2021    2022     2023               2017       2018     2019       2020       2021     2022       2023

          Amount of custody business                                                Amount of service business
 Source: Regular reports of the Company                                    Source: Regular reports of the Company



(3) Research and institutional sales business

During the Reporting Period, in terms of research business, the Group firmly promoted the transformation
of business models to continuously improved the cross-border research service system, consistently




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
improve business synergy and efficiency and comprehensively improve investment research products and
service capabilities. Focusing on leading institutional customers, the Group was devoted to displaying the
supporting and leading role of the research business through strengthening the linkage of multi-industrial
research and deeply tapping into the research value, carried out research and service activities through



                                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
various channels, platforms and manners and satisfied professional research business demands of internal
and external customers. It continuously upgraded and iterated the digital service platform, consolidated
the investment and research foundation, accumulated investment and research data and assets,
constantly deepened the synergy of platforms, improved the production and management processes of
products, focused on improving the production efficiency and the digital operation capability of platforms
and effectively expanded the scope and depth of research results. The Group has actively carried out
various forms of research service activities, including releasing 10,497 research reports, organizing 38,450
research roadshow services and 793 thematic teleconferences, and holding annual investment summit,
interim investment summit and other featured and thematic meetings online or through the integration
of online and offline means. Centering on customers, in terms of the institutional sales business, the
Group continuously promoted the construction and functional iteration of the institutional investor work




                                                                                                                                                             057
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          platform and the service platform, established and improved a classified, hierarchical and integrated
          business system covering the full business chain, refined and perfected the customer-driven and product-
          driven service matrix for institutional sales and trading and deeply connected the diversified demands of
          institutional investors to provide one-stop trading and service solutions. During the Reporting Period, the
          volume of sub-position transactions for the public fund was RMB1,182.688 billion.

          (4) Investment and trading business

          ① Equity trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to improve the investment and trading systems on
          absolute gains. With big data transaction, macro hedging and innovative investment as cores, the Group
          iterated and upgraded the platform-based business model and effectively improved the capability
          on the integrated professional investment and trading business. It continuously expanded the breadth,
          depth and intensity of fundamental research on equity, improved strategic trading systems, diversified
          trading scenarios and business models, dynamically adjusted positions, leverages and hedging manners,
          and actively seized investment and trading opportunities in the market. It comprehensively boosted the
          efficiency of investment and trading platforms, enhanced the dynamic supervision and analysis capabilities
          and facilitated the accumulation of investment and research capability and the improvement of process
          management. The market making and trading business focused on the updating and iteration of market
          making and trading strategies, actively explored business coordination models and continuously improved
          risk control systems, achieving steady and orderly business operation and ranking among the top in the
          industry in terms of the business scale. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group has filed a total
          of 106 market-making stocks for the market making of stocks on the STAR Market and provided liquidity
          services for a total of 615 funds for the market making of listed funds. It has obtained the qualification as a
          market maker for various equity and commodity options and futures for the OTC derivatives market making
          business.

          ② FICC trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group firmly promoted the strategic transformation of the FICC quantitative
          trading, constantly diversified the customer-oriented FICC agency service systems with two-way
          interconnections and continuously advanced the innovation in business models and product structures.
          In terms of fixed-income proprietary investment business, it focused on the upgrading of core capabilities
          on strategic R&D and transaction pricing, continuously improved the richness of strategies, actively seized
          market opportunities and effectively controlled risk exposure to polish the steady profitability. In terms of
          market-making business, it achieved expansion with the coverage of different markets and varieties and
          obtained outstanding results in the strategic transformation of quantitative market-making quotation. It was
          selected as the best market maker on spot bonds in the interbank market and obtained the qualification as
          a main market maker for bonds on stock exchanges market as well as other qualifications and authorities,
          achieving breakthroughs in the trading volume of market making, the coverage of categories and other
          dimensions. As for bulk commodity business and foreign exchange business, the Group continuously
          strengthened researches on strategies and transactions, constantly improved the agency exchange trading
          systems, increasingly diversified trading businesses on foreign exchange settlement and sale based on
          customer demands and steadily promoted carbon financial business, further consolidating the foundation
          of diversified development. The Group actively advanced the digital business transformation, constantly
          optimized the business and functional modules of the FICC Da Xiang Trading Platform (FICC 大象交易平
          台 ) in internal use and external services and continuously upgraded the core capabilities on credit study,
          pricing and trading of the CAMS (credit analysis management system). According to the statistics from
          the Securities Association of China, the scale of credit protection tools created by the Group was RMB8,275
          million, ranking the first in the industry.

          ③ OTC derivatives trading business

          During the Reporting Period, the Group strived to build a customer-oriented over-the-counter derivatives




058
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
business system. It constantly improved the business innovation capability and the trading pricing
capability, actively expanded the depth and breadth of customer coverage, continuously optimized the
product structure and provided customers with all-dimensional derivative trading services through more
diversified investment and risk management instruments. Leveraging on the trading-driven and platform-
empowered core competitiveness, the Group continuously innovated business models and improved
customer services, fully displayed the advantages of digital business platforms, facilitated the accumulation,
upgrading and transformation of core business capabilities and vigorously built strong engines continuously
driving high-quality business development to fully improve the comprehensive value creation capability
of customers. According to the data portals in the regulatory statement SAC agreement, as of the end of
the Reporting Period, the Group had 8,295 income swap transaction business contracts with an ongoing

                                                                                                                          About Us
size of RMB99.681 billion; the Group had 2,303 OTC option trading business contracts with an ongoing size of
RMB149.19 billion. During the Reporting Period, the Group issued 3,563 private placement products through
the China Securities Internet System and OTC market, with a total amount of RMB21.189 billion.

3. Outlook for 2024

For investment banking business, we will continue to adhere to serving the high-quality development of
the real economy, focus on self-reliance in advanced technology, significant regional development, green
and low-carbon development and other national strategies, fully display the core competitive advantages


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
in market-based innovation and integrated coordination, comprehensively improve the quality and
level of services, duly perform the responsibilities as a “watchman” and provide customers with cross-



                                                                                                                        and Strategies
market comprehensive financial services covering all products and cycles, so as to better facilitate the
development of new productivity. In terms of equity financing business, the Group will actively follow the
trends of industries and policies in the new era, focus on key industries and areas and continue to improve
the recognition over industries and the integrated service capabilities both at home and abroad. In terms of
the bond financing business, the Group will further boost efforts in the coverage of high-quality customers
and areas, continuously promote the optimization of the business structure and strictly control business
risks. For the M&A and restructuring financial advisory business, the Group will adhere to leading the market
with benchmark projects, continuously expand business types, actively the injection of high-quality assets,




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
market-based M&As and reorganizations and cross-border M&As of listed companies and empower the
industrial transformation and upgrading of customers.

For prime brokerage business, we will fully explore and accumulate data value, display the information
advantage of companion operation, continue to facilitate digital transformation and the improvement of
the operation efficiency and actively explore accurate services and diversified value conversion for various
types of customers to develop differentiated competitive advantages.

For research and institutional sales business, we will continue to improve the integrated domestic and
overseas system on institutional customer services, vigorously build all-dimensional and one-stop
financial service ecosystem with the focus on the demands of institutional investors, constantly enrich the
content of products and services, improve the synergy and efficiency in the full business chain through



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
the platform-based empowerment and systematic division of work and continuously enhance the market
competitiveness and the position in the industry.




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
For investment trading business, we will continue to build platform-based and systematic investment and
trading capabilities, improve the customer-oriented business structure and service system, practically
upgrade and transform toward the orientation of enhancing asset pricing rights and productization
of trading capabilities and constantly boost the core competitiveness. For the equity trading business,
the Group will continuously upgrade the system of big data business strategies, iterate and perfect the
approaches and methods on absolute gains of the macro hedging business, optimize and expand the
investment models of innovative investment businesses, continuously enhance the efficiency of the
investment trading business platform and effectively improve professional investment capabilities and
risk control capabilities. For FICC trading business, the Group will continue to strengthen the systematic
business construction and development, constantly optimize the product structures, continuously improve
the pricing and trading capabilities, deeply develop integrated trading business systems, comprehensively
boost the capabilities on product creation and comprehensive financial services and further promote the




                                                                                                                 059
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          diversification of profit models. For OTC derivatives trading business, the Group will leverage on first-mover
          advantages in business, the advantages in the systems with market competitiveness and the capabilities
          on risk control and compliance, continuously tap into hedge trading, product design and pricing, customer
          services and the construction of digital platforms to increasingly consolidate core competitive advantages.



          (IV) Investment management business

          1. Market environment

          With the comprehensive deepening of financial reform in China, the constant improvement of the multi-
          layered capital market, the increasing improvement of supporting asset management business systems,
          the official initiation of the reform of fees for mutual funds and the gradual optimization of the pension
          system, the asset management business ecosystem is transforming towards high-quality development.
          The asset management business is speeding up in shaping a new development pattern with in-depth
          competition and cooperation and improved quality and efficiency. According to the statistics from Asset
          Management Association of China ( 中 國 證 券 投 資 基 金 業 協 會 ), as of the end of the fourth quarter of 2023,
          the total amount of asset management business of fund management companies and their subsidiaries,
          securities companies and their subsidiaries, futures companies and their subsidiaries and private fund
          management institutions was RMB67.06 trillion, among which, the amount of mutual funds was RMB27.60
          trillion and the amount of private asset management business of securities companies and their
          subsidiaries was RMB5.93 trillion. Under the background of professional and diversified development in the
          asset management market, it is more important for asset management institutions to constantly advance
          the improvement and professional reform of the active management capability, fully display their own
          featured advantages, better adapt to changes in the market environment, provide investors with diversified
          and rich product lines and continuously contribute professional value to preservation and appreciation of
          customers’ assets.


          The scale of mutual funds and its year-on-year changes                   The amount of private asset management business of
                                                                                   securities companies and their subsidiaries and its year-
                                                                                   on-year changes
                                               Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB                                          Unit: trillion yuan Currency: RMB

                                          34.66%
          30                                                      27.60   35%      20                                                                0%
                                                   25.56 26.03                             16.88                          -3.63%
                                                                          30%
          25                                                                                                                                         -5%
                                           19.89 28.51%                            15              13.36
                                                                          25%

          20                                                              20%                              10.83                                     -10%
                                   14.77
                           13.03                                                   10                              8.55
                                                                                                                                       -13.68%
                  11.60                                                                                                     8.24
                                                                          15%                                                      6.87
          15                                                                                                                                         -15%
                               13.35%                                                                                                     5.93
                          12.33%                                          10%                                                   -16.63%
                                                                  6.03%             5          -20.85%         -21.05%
           5                                                                                                                                         -20%
                                                          1.84%           5%                           -18.94%
           0                                                              0%        0                                                                -25%
                  2017     2018    2019    2020    2021   2022    2023                     2017    2018    2019    2020     2021   2022   2023

                  The scale of mutual funds                                                Private asset management business scale
                Year-on-year changes of the scale of mutual funds                        Year-on-year changes of private asset management business scale
          Source: Asset Management Association of China                            Source: Asset Management Association of China


          Under the background of the complicated international environment and the increasingly strict regulatory
          environment, China’s equity investment market faces ordeals. The overall size of the fundraising market
          shrank, the investment market continuously slowed down its pace and the number of transactions on
          market withdrawal decreased, resulting in an overall downward trend in the market. Capitals further
          gathered in strategic emerging industries and technology-based enterprises. According to the statistics
          from Zero2IPO Research Center PEDATA, in 2023, 6,980 new funds were raised in China’s equity investment
          market, with a total fundraising amount of RMB1,824.471 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of
          15.47%; and there were 9,388 investment cases in China’s equity investment market, with a total investment




060
                                                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
amount of RMB692.826 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 23.67%. With the increasingly
improvement of regulatory rules on private fund and the comprehensive and standard requirements on
the whole process of fundraising and investment operation, the industry has entered the new stage of law-
based, standard and refined development, which also raised higher requirements on the comprehensive
management capability of equity investment institutions.


The number ,amount and its year-on-year changes of                                        The number ,amount and its year-on-year changes of
new funds in China's equity investment market                                             investment cases in China's equity investment market

Fund                                                                                      The
raising                                                                                   amount of
           3,574      3,637    2,710     3,478      6,979   7,061    6,980                           10,144 10,021 8,234          7,559     12,327 10,650 9,388


                                                                                                                                                                                             About Us
amount                                                                                    investment
                                                                                          cases

Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                            Unit: %   Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                            Unit: %


25,000                                                                           100%     15,000                                            14,228.70                     100%
                                                 22,085.19
                                                         21,582.55
                                                                                 80%               12,111.49                                                              80%
20,000    17,888.72
                                                 84.47%             18,244.71             12,000                                          60.39%
                                                                                                           10,788.06
                                                                                 60%                                                                                      60%
                                                                                                                                 8,871.49           9,076.79
15,000             13,317.41                                                               9,000
                            12,444.04                                            40%                                  7,630.94                                            40%
                                        11,972.14                                                                                                              6,928.26
                                                                                                                              16.26%



                                                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
10,000                                                                           20%       6,000                                                                          20%

                              -6.56%                                             0%                        -10.93%                                                        0%
 5,000                                 -3.79%           -2.28%                             3,000                                                           -23.67%


                                                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                  -25.55%
                                                             -15.47% -20%                                         -29.26%                                                 -20%
                                                                                                                                                  -36.21%
      0                                                                          -40%          0                                                                          -40%
           2017       2018     2019     2020        2021    2022 2023                               2017       2018    2019       2020       2021       2022 2023


          Fundraising amount                                                                       The amount of investment cases
      Year-on-year growth rate of fundraising amount                                             Year-on-year growth rate of the amount of investment cases

Source: statistics from PEDATA of Zero2IPO Research Center                                Source: statistics from PEDATA of Zero2IPO Research Center




                                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
2. Operational measures and achievements

(1) Asset management business of securities companies

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, actively
adapted to changes in market and regulatory environment. Adhering to the “customer-oriented” philosophy
and with the investment asset management and the asset management services on investment banking
as drivers, it provided one-stop diversified investment products, asset allocation and overall financial
service solutions to meet the customers’ asset management demand for the whole lifecycle and cultivate
differentiated core competitiveness. Relying on the resources of the Group in the entire business chains,
it firmly advanced the platform-based and differentiated development strategies on business, actively




                                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
developed an integrated asset management business platform, continuously deepened the establishment
of investment research systems and continuously enhanced the active investment management capability
to provide customers with customized and comprehensive allocation plans on various strategies. According




                                                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
to the regulatory statement data, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the total asset management scale
of Huatai Asset Management was RMB475.509 billion. According to statistics from Wind Information, during
the Reporting Period, Huatai Asset Management issued 141 enterprises’ ABS (asset-backed securitization),
ranking the second in the industry; and the issuance scale was RMB115.429 billion, ranking the third in the
industry.




                                                                                                                                                                                    061
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Issuing number and ranking of enterprise ABS                           Issuing scale and ranking of enterprise ABS (asset-backed
          (asset-backed securities)                                              securities)
                                                                                                                  Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

         Ranking                                                                  Ranking
         by number    3      5       3        4      3        2        2          by scale     3        4        2        4          3          3          3
         150                                                          141        2,000
                                                    137
                                                             130
                                                                                                                                  1,671.12
         120
                                                                                 1,500
                                                                                                                                             1,305.00
                     CAGR                    84                                                                                                         1,154.29
          90                                                                                  CAGR
                     +24.98%        73
                                                                                 1,000        +16.42%          908.91    931.72

          60
                                                                                                      638.58
                      37     40
                                                                                             463.52
                                                                                  500
          30


            0                                                                        0
                     2017   2018   2019     2020   2021      2022     2023                    2017     2018    2019      2020      2021       2022       2023

                     Number of issuance                                                      Issuing scale

          Source: Wind                                                           Source: Wind



          During the Reporting Period, for asset management business of securities companies, we strived to improve
          business structure and enhance development quality, continuously developed core competitiveness on
          platform operation and integration and actively built scaled and differentiated product systems covering
          different risk-return characteristics. For the collective asset management business, a total of 192 collective
          asset management plans were under management and the total management scale was RMB53.418
          billion. In respect of the single asset management business, we accelerated the development of net worth
          entrusted business. A total of 547 single asset management plans were under management and the
          total management scale was RMB130.751 billion. In respect of specialized asset management business,
          we continued to promote product innovation to continuously improve the service capabilities in the full
          business chain. A total of 248 specialized asset management plans were under management and the total
          management scale was RMB195.402 billion. In respect of the public fund management business, we actively
          created net-value wealth management solutions for investors with different needs and managed 41 public
          fund products in total with aggregated management scale of RMB95.938 billion.

          The table below sets forth the scale and income of the securities companies’ asset management
          business:
                                                                                                                                               Currency: RMB


                                                             2023                                                         2022
          Item                                Entrusted scale                Net income                  Entrusted scale                  Net income
                                          (in RMB100 million)        (in RMB10 thousand)             (in RMB100 million)          (in RMB10 thousand)

          Collective asset
          management                                      534.18               11,747.09                             665.70                         16,025.90
          business

          Single asset
          management                                  1,307.51                24,985.99                              1,148.06                       21,269.30
          business

          Specialized asset
          management                                 1,954.02                  13,708.39                         2,052.69                           13,471.38
          business

          Public fund
          management                                     959.38                83,781.97                             929.69                     104,230.43
          business

          Note: The above data are from the regulatory statements.




062
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(2) Private equity fund management business              Number and amount of investment programs with
                                                         private equity investment funds
During the Reporting Period, for the private equity                                      Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB
fund management business, the Group focused
                                                         Number    64      59      40        32      36      30      47
on key industry research based on its own
advantages, deeply deployed on key industries,           60       56.58
appropriately adjusted the principle of fund
                                                         50
allocation, raised the standards on the selection of
projects and actively sought diversified withdrawal      40
paths from invested enterprises. Meanwhile, it
                                                                                            28.17


                                                                                                                                         About Us
continued to explore cooperation opportunities           30               26.46
                                                                                  23.52
within the ecosystem, strengthened the partnership                                                                  17.42
                                                         20
with large SOEs, leading enterprises in the industries                                              11.62   11.04
and listed companies to steadily expand the scale        10

of fund management and increasingly improve
                                                          0
the market competitiveness. As of the end of the                  2017    2018    2019      2020    2021    2022    2023
Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment
                                                                  Amount of investment programs
and its secondary subsidiaries as managers have
                                                         Source: Regular reports of the Company
filed a total of 27 private equity investment funds


                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
with the Asset Management Association of China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ), with a total subscription amount
of RMB60.078 billion and a total paid-up capital of RMB45.192 billion. During the Reporting Period, the above-


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
mentioned private equity investment funds implemented a total of 47 investment projects with a total
investment amount of RMB1.742 billion. According to the statistics of the Asset Management Association of
China ( 中國證券投資基金業協會 ), as of the fourth quarter of 2023, Huatai Purple Gold Investment ranked the
third in the industry in terms of average monthly scale of private fund.


(3) Asset management business of fund companies

During the Reporting Period, with adherence to equal emphasis on compliance management and business




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
development, fund companies under the Group continuously stepped up efforts on product research and
business innovation, strengthened the forward-looking layout on featured products, optimized customer
insight and response and fully displayed the advantages in the integration of all businesses under the
investment and research system to increasingly enhance the comprehensive capabilities on cross-cycle
asset management in multiple categories and continue to maintain the increase in the total scale of
assets under management. China Southern Asset Management continuously optimized product layout
and business system, proactively established value-creating capabilities supported by intelligent and
platform-based operation. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets under its management
amounted to RMB1,892.552 billion, among which China Southern Asset Management managed a total of
353 funds in its mutual funds business, the total asset size of which amounted to RMB1,068.063 billion, and
the total asset size of private funds business amounted to RMB824.489 billion. Huatai-PineBridge persisted in



                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
featured development and enhanced the layout on index products, bonus products, overseas products and
businesses with fixed income. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets under its management
amounted to RMB398.22 billion. Specifically, Huatai-PineBridge managed a total of 150 funds in its mutual



                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
funds business, the total asset size of which amounted to RMB380.146 billion, and the total asset size of
private funds business amounted to RMB18.074 billion. According to the statistics of the Shanghai and
Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, as of the end of the Reporting Period, the scale of the broad-based index fund
CSI 300ETF under Huatai-PineBridge was RMB131.017 billion, ranking the first among all non-monetary ETFs on
the Shanghai and Shenzhen Stock Exchanges. (The profit or loss from equity investments of China Southern
Asset Management and Huatai-PineBridge were included under other segments in the segment report)




                                                                                                                                063
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Asset management scale of China Southern Asset Management                                 Asset management scale of Huatai-PineBridge
                                                Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB                                                   Unit: 100 million yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                                                                                             3,982.20
          20,000                                                                        18,925.52    4,000
                                                                            17,295.16
                                                                15,802.45                                                                                         3,267.89

          15,000     CAGR                                                                            3,000
                                                                                                                                                       2,582.51
                     +17.35%                        11,982.72
                                                                                                              CAGR
                                         9,214.28                                                             +27.19%                       1,854.43
          10,000              8,293.34                                                               2,000
                   7,246.10
                                                                                                                                 1,254.78
                                                                                                                      1,075.59
                                                                                                             940.78
           5,000                                                                                     1,000



              0                                                                                          0
                    2017       2018      2019       2020        2021        2022         2023                2017     2018       2019       2020       2021       2022        2023

              Asset management scle of mutual business                                                  Asset management scle of mutual business
              Asset management scale of non-mutual business                                             Asset management scale of non-mutual business
          Source: Regular reports of the Company                                                    Source: Regular reports of the Company




          (4) Asset management business of futures companies

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Group, actively promoted
          the technology-led digital transformation and the innovation-led business transformation. On the basis of
          its product lines centered on FOFs and with active management as a supplement, it steadily conducted
          diversified expansion, constantly enriched product layout and customer groups, continuously enhanced
          professional investment and research in empowering business development and sped up in creating
          core competitive advantages to meet the differentiated risk appetites and asset allocation demands of
          customers. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures managed a total of 32 asset management
          plans which were in the duration period. The total asset management scale was RMB1,107,292,700, and the
          futures equity scale was RMB444,279,000.

          (5) Alternative investment business

          The Group carried out alternative investment business through its wholly-owned subsidiary Huatai
          Innovative Investment. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Innovative Investment fully improved business
          synergy and efficiency, focused on the development of FINTECH equity investment and the co-investment
          business of the STAR Market, and steadily explored the co-investment business of the ChiNext and the
          strategic placement business of the Beijing Stock Exchange according to regulatory requirements and the
          Group’s business layout. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 40 subsisting investment projects
          with an investment scale of RMB1,753.5399 million. The investment attributes mainly include co-investment
          on the STAR Market and equity investment.

          3. Prospect for 2024

          The asset management business of securities companies will continue to rely on the system of the entire
          business chain of the Group, display the advantages of featured resources of securities companies in asset
          management, strengthen differentiated development endowments, consolidate the foundation of the
          platform-based infrastructure capability and constantly and deeply integrate full business scenarios and
          internal and external resources into platforms to empower further progress in business development. With
          the concept of high-quality development, it will advance the capability building and management evolution
          in asset management on investment banking, investment asset management and digitalization, establish
          competition barriers with differentiated businesses and achieve hardcore breakthroughs with platform-
          based operation to facilitate the achievement of ecological synergy and business transformation.

          In respect of the private equity fund management business, the Group will continue to promote the
          investment layout on strategic emerging industries, dynamically adjust the investment orientation and
          the principle of fund allocation, constantly strengthen professional investment capabilities, actively seek
          diversified withdrawal paths from investment projects and enhance the active empowerment awareness




064
and value-added service capability on post-investment management. It will leverage advantages in                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023

full industrial chains of the Group and continue to exploit and explore new businesses to facilitate the
diversification of business structure and profit models.

In respect of the asset management business of fund companies, we will continue to strengthen compliance
risk control and management and talent team building. We will continue to maintain the exploration of
new businesses and the development of new products, fully advance the empowerment system with
products as the leading role, continuously optimize all-process and refined customer companion service
systems and actively establish digital and intelligent systems and platforms to constantly strengthen the
professional core capability on investment research and comprehensively empower business development.


                                                                                                                           About Us
In respect of the asset management business of futures companies, we will continue to improve the
cooperation mechanism on the full business chain, vigorously advance the establishment of the digital
platform system, strengthen the composition of investment teams covering all assets, all strategic lines
and all investment instruments based on big platforms, and constantly promote productization based on
the management capability on commodity CTA strategies, with an aim to proactively establish a unique
product system and management capabilities with differentiated competitiveness.

In respect of the alternative investment business, we will constantly improve system, mechanism and
operational process, deepen the construction of the FINTECH ecosystem, and prudently promote the


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
development of equity investment, the follow-on investment on the STAR Market, and other new businesses,
and improve capital usage efficiency and return on assets.



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
(V) International business

1. Market environment

In 2023, the world economy continued to fluctuate with sluggish recovery and insufficient momentum of
growth. Due to various factors such as the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve and changes in internal
and external economic expectations, the performance of the Hong Kong secondary market was sluggish




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
with the Hang Seng Index and the Hang Seng Tech Index down by 13.82% and 8.83%, respectively. According
to the statistics from Wind Information, the turnover in the market was HK$19.14 trillion, representing a year-
on-year decrease of 19.31%. The scale of equity financing in the Hong Kong primary market shrank. The funds
raised through IPOs in the market were HK$46,321 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 55.73%.
The funds raised upon listing were HK$115,581 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 36.25%.
The US secondary market recorded a strong performance with the Dow Jones Industrial Average, the S&P
500 and the Nasdaq up by 13.70%, 24.23% and 43.42%, respectively. According to the statistics from Wind
Information, the turnover in the market was US$88.86 trillion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 5.73%.
The scale of equity financing in the US primary market has expanded. The size of funds raised through IPOs
in the market was US$27,746 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.36%. The scale of additional
offerings was US$93,710 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 84.52%. The funds from investors




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
in the US TAMP market showed a trend of transferring to investment products with lower costs and fees.
The TAMP industry can keep empowering and fueling the wealth management business through leading
FINTECH development, which can bring the cost advantage of scale to customers and help them grasp




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
development opportunities. According to the statistics of Cerulli, from 2017 to 2022, the compound annual
growth rate of the TAMP market was 14.9%, which was significantly higher than that of the overall investment
advisory market, which was 10.1% for the same period.

With the gradual implementation of measures on the high-level institutional and systemic opening up
of the capital market in China, the interconnection mechanism of onshore and offshore capital market
was continuously optimized, the varieties of cross-border products were increasingly diversified and the
facilitation of cross-border investment and financing was increasingly improved, which expanded the
room for the development of cross-border businesses and the international layout of securities companies
and raised higher requirements on the integrated risk control capability covering different regions, various
markets and varieties.




                                                                                                                  065
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Operational measures and achievements

          During the Reporting Period, as the Group’s holding platform for international business, Huatai International
          was fully integrated into the full business chain system of the Group. It consolidated the intermediary
          positioning in the capital market, deeply explored the customer-oriented, integrated and platform-based
          cross-border service ecosystem, strictly controlled risks, diversified product categories, expanded market
          channels and improved customer experience to meet customers’ demands for global asset allocation.
          It achieved stable performance growth, constantly deepened the international business layout and
          continuously enhancing the influence in overseas markets. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the asset
          size of Huatai International exceeded HK$200 billion, ranking it among the leading Chinese-funded securities
          firms in Hong Kong with its comprehensive strength continuing to improve.

          (1) Business in Hong Kong

          The Group’s business in Hong Kong adhered to its origins as a brokerage firm, with cross-border business as
          the starting point, built all-dimensional and comprehensive cross-border financial service platform systems
          and maintained positive growth of its business scale and revenue in the volatile market environment
          with its advanced platform strength and effective risk control capabilities. During the Reporting Period,
          the business systems including the equity business platform, fixed-income business platform, wealth
          management platform, fund platform and flagship investment banking business continued to deepen
          with outstanding differentiated competitive advantages. For the equity derivatives business, the Group
          has utilized the advantages of the Group’s platforms to continuously diversify product categories, achieve
          progress in the scale of cross-border businesses amid stability and constantly consolidate its leading
          position in the industry; for the stock sales and transactions business, the Group focused on one-stop and
          comprehensive cross-border financial services on “spot equities + cross-border prime brokerage + QFII”
          to adjust strategies and service modes in a timely manner and effectively expand the share in existing
          markets; and it successfully carried out RMB-HKD dual-currency counter market making businesses; for FICC
          business, the Group strictly controlled risks, deepened the adjustment of strategies, continuously stepped
          up efforts in trading-driven light-asset businesses and low-risk businesses with enhanced earnings and
          improved the cross-border sales and trading systems with the orientation of customer demands; for the
          wealth management business, the Group continuously improved online and offline platform-based and
          integrated operation, constantly optimized the functions and operating capability of the “ZhangLe Global”
          ( 漲 樂 全 球 通 ) platform and significantly boosted the sales volume of wealth products through enhancing
          product strength, deepening business linkage and improving sales management systems. For the fund
          business, the Group strictly controlled risks and developed new product categories based on customer
          demands for the private equity investment business and continuously promoted business transformation
          of the asset management business, officially invested in the operation of the first fund product under active
          management and issued the first overseas public funds; For the investment banking business, the Group
          practically strengthened cross-market execution and service capabilities and continuously improved the
          customer-centric and comprehensive cross-border investment banking service platform and systems,
          achieving significant improvement in the market share. Based on internal and external statistics and during
          the Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) sponsored 10 IPO projects, ranking the second
          in terms of the number of projects sponsored. It also completed the issuance of 6 GDRs in the capacity of
          global coordinator, ranking the first in the market in terms of the number of issuances.

          During the Reporting Period, the Group’s business in Hong Kong maintained healthy and balanced business
          development. As for securities trading, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) achieved the total assets
          under custody of HK$84.065 billion and the total stocks trading volume of HK$309.191 billion; as for advising
          on securities, it actively provided research reports and advisory services for customers; as for advising on
          corporate finance, it participated in completion of 29 listing, placement, re-financing and GDR projects and
          157 bond issue projects with the total amount of trading and issuance of HK$33.532 billion; as for financing
          for securities deposits, the accumulated credit amount was HK$2.304 billion. During the Reporting Period,
          Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) officially obtained the qualification as a market maker of “Northbound
          Trading” under the Bond Connect issued by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority and the license for Type 7
          (Providing Automated Trading Services) regulated activities issued by the SFC. Meanwhile, Huatai Financial




066
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Holdings (Hong Kong) became a listing and trading member on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and a
“warrant” issuer on the HKEX.

(2) AssetMark
                                                          Assets on Platform (AoP) of AssetMark
AssetMark’s mission is to make a difference in the                                                             Unit: US$100 million
lives of independent investment advisors and the           1,200
                                                                                                                          1,089.28
investors they serve. The advantages of AssetMark’s
core business include a fully integrated platform                                                         934.88 914.70

with compelling technology, personalized and                                                     745.20
                                                             800
                                                                      CAGR

                                                                                                                                                  About Us
scalable services and curated investment function.                    +17.03%           616.08
Such clear business strategies guided AssetMark
                                                                               448.55
to define its short-term and long-term goals.                            424
                                                             400
AssetMark designs and aligns its strategies to things
that matter most to advisors and that differentiate
it in the TAMP marketplace. According to Cerulli
                                                               0
Associates and other public information, as of the                    2017     2018     2019     2020       2021   2022     2023
end of the third quarter of 2023, AssetMark’s market
                                                                   AoP
share in the US TAMP industry was 10.8%, ranking the


                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                          Source: Regular reports of the Company
second in the industry.
During the Reporting Period, AssetMark maintained its leading position in the industry through leading


                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
business models and advanced technology platforms, steadily expanded the scale of the platform assets
and constantly increased the business revenue. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total platform
assets of AssetMark reached USD108.928 billion, representing an increase of 19.09% from the end of 2022;
the AssetMark platform served an aggregate of 9,323 independent investment advisors, of whom, 3,123
active investment advisors manage assets of more than USD5 million, representing an increase of 8.36%
from the end of 2022; the total investor households served by the AssetMark platform reached over 254,000,
representing an increase of 5.42% from the end of 2022. During the Reporting Period, 666 investment
advisors signed new contracts with AssetMark.




                                                                                            P e r s o n a l i ze d s e r v i c e a n d            Corporate Governance
                                                                                            operational support

                                                                                            The professional team is committed
                                                                                            to providing excellent service, helping
                                                                                            advisors reduce the time spent
Fully integrated technology                                                                 in the middle and back office of
                                                                                            management, so as to spend more
A tailored open technology structure
                                                                                            time with clients.




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
that enhances client engagement
and advisor effectiveness, from
                                                                                            Plan investment resolutions
financial planning expectations to
                                                   A resolution
daily service management.                                                                   Professionally planned flexible
                                                 that combines




                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                                                    flexibility                             investment management resolutions
                                                    and deep                                designed to meet the evolving needs
                                                  engagement.                               of investors.




Custody                                                                                     Business consulting and
                                                                                            community
Open custody architecture platform,
through AssetMark Trust company                                                             In-depth business consulting
or third-party service providers to                                                         services to help advisors expand their
ensure safe, reliable and flexible                                                          business and relationship networks
custody of client assets.                                                                   and find like-minded group.




                                                                                                                                         067
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (3) Huatai Securities (USA)

          With the approval of the US Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, Huatai Securities (USA) obtained the
          broker-dealer license in 2019 and obtained qualification for proprietary trading in 2020. It obtained the
          business qualification for securities trading with institutional investors in Canada in 2021 and obtained
          market access to major stock exchanges in Europe in 2022. During the Reporting Period, it became an
          introducing broker for US futures products. During the Reporting Period, Huatai Securities (USA) completed
          the infrastructure construction and system building for the FICC trading counter in the US, connected to
          the FICC trading counter in Hong Kong, constantly expanded the variety of products and market channels
          of FICC trading as an agency for customers and continuously optimized the cross-border linkage and
          coordination mechanism of U.S. domestic businesses and domestic and Hong Kong businesses, providing
          integrated services to global investors. During the Reporting Period, as an underwriter, Huatai Securities (USA)
          actively participated in the listing and trading on the US stock market of Chinese enterprises and the block
          trade business of internationally renowned enterprises.

          (4) Singapore Subsidiary

          The Singapore Subsidiary obtained the licenses on capital market services and the waiver of licensing
          requirements on wealth management advisory issued by Monetary Authority of Singapore in September
          2023 and conducts securities trading and corporate financing businesses in Singapore in compliance
          with laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period, the Singapore Subsidiary focused on deploying on
          investment banking, equity derivatives, wealth management, fixed income and other businesses, explored
          customers in the country and the Southeast Asia, publicized products and brands of the enterprise and
          actively developed complete service and trading platforms.

          3. Outlook for 2024

          Huatai International will continue to deepen its global layout, deeply tap into customer demands and
          develop classified and hierarchical integrated service systems. Relying on the platform-based operation,
          it will effectively improve the synergy and efficiency in the full business chain and strictly control risks to
          increasingly improve the market competitiveness and the position in the industry.

          For the business in Hong Kong, the Group will continue to improve the customer service system, consolidate
          the intermediary positioning of the cross-border capital market and provide customers with one-stop
          financial services. For equity derivatives business, the Group will continue to solidify its business strengths,
          explore new businesses and new markets and strengthen the levels of customer services in all aspects; for
          stock sales and trading business, the Group will continuously improve its product lines, build and optimize a
          classified and hierarchical integrated service system, effectively improve the synergy and efficiency in the
          full business chain and continuously maintain and consolidate the customer relationship; for FICC business,
          the Group will deeply tap into customer demand, boost the capability on integrated sales and transactions
          based on the upgrading and iteration of platforms and match multi-layered onshore and offshore
          investment and transaction demands of customers; for wealth management business, it will consolidate
          the transaction and asset allocation functions of the platform with the orientation of improving customers’
          core experience, continuously improve the product layout based on market research and judgment and
          further improve its service levels; for fund business, it will continue to strictly control risks, implemented the
          fund-based business operation, expanded fees-based businesses, actively seize market opportunities and
          leverage on the resources advantage across the full industrial chain to empower customers; for investment
          banking business, it will fully display the advantages in onshore and offshore integration, expand the
          coverage of customers and projects in key areas, deeply explore business opportunities in advantageous
          regions and continuously improve the quality and efficiency in the execution of projects.

          AssetMark will continue to rely on the advantages of the core business, optimize an integrated technology
          platform, improve customizable and scaled services, strengthen advanced investment management
          capabilities and cultivate a flexible and professional wealth management ecosystem. AssetMark will
          continue to deepen cooperation with the existing investment advisors, focus on customers’ needs, provide
          differentiated services and assist customer growth to further expand the investment consulting customer




068
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
base. AssetMark will continue to upgrade its digital tools and platforms to empower investment advisors,
and improve interaction experience and office collaboration, and help investment advisors navigate their
clients’ financial health plans. It will vigorously expand customer channels and devote to improving the
operation efficiency and reducing operational risks through promoting scale-based business and the
practice of the listed company in performing social responsibilities. In addition, AssetMark will continue to
focus on high-quality strategic M&A opportunities to promote extensive growth.

Huatai Securities (USA) will actively seize cross-border business opportunities, continuously expand business
layout, constantly improve the business collaboration capabilities and expand the depth and breadth of the
coverage over global institutional investors. It will continuously improve stocks and the platform and product


                                                                                                                           About Us
systems of the FICC cross-border trading for customers as an agent, actively broaden service radiation
channels and provide all-round services to meet the asset allocation and risk hedging needs of global
investors.

The Singapore Subsidiary will focus on comprehensive development, actively expand business areas and
continuously improve service systems. It will advance the application for the license for fund management
and the qualification as an underwriter on the Singapore Exchange, further optimize the allocation of
resources of personnel, promote the expansion of the coverage in the Southeast Asian market and build
the ecosystems of “investment banking + wealth management + institutional trading” to provide regional



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
support to the Group’s internationalization strategy.

(VI) Digital development

1. Digital development strategy                                                                                          and Strategies

The Group is committed to building technology as one of the core competencies of the Company,
expanding the application of digital finance, consolidating the base of FINTECH and promoting digital
transformation across the board. The Group will give further play to the critical role of technology in
business development to unleash the value of “business + technology” integration. While pursuing platform-
based and intelligent integration, the Group will take into account the current situation and make concrete




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
efforts in promoting platform-based services, through which it is eager to effectively improve customer
service experience and business operation efficiency. For long-term development, it endeavors to build key
capability in FINTECH by taking advantage of big data and AI technology and consolidate its core business
ability by innovating new business models. By strengthening the guarantee in organizational mechanism
and optimizing the metrics-based appraisal system, the Group is doing more work in the cultivation of
versatile talents and the creation of an innovative atmosphere, hoping to fully transform its technological
advantages into leading value creativity in its core business and first-class competitive advantages in the
market.

2. Major measures and results in digital transformation during the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, focusing on the four overall targets of digital transformation, namely to achieve
“client’s success, business innovation, operation optimization and employee empowering”, the Group has
built differentiated competitive advantages by building platform capabilities, depositing data assets and




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
implementing organizational mechanisms to practically enhance business value and increase the sense of
gain for customers and employees.

In terms of “client’s success”, digital services and experience were enhanced, and customer management
and insights were continuously strengthened. “ZhangLe Fortune Path” ( 漲樂財富通 ) focused on enhancing its
trading service and case-by-case recommendation capabilities by establishing the iAsk (i 問 ), an intelligent
service platform on the app, which provides customers with a new service form based on intelligent Q&A.
“Xing Zhi ( 行知 )”, a one-stop service platform for institutional customers, released version 4.0 and continued
to expand service scenarios with the launch of functions for institutional business, including OTC derivatives,
institutional wealth management, ABS, and Hong Kong stock bookkeeping. The Onboarding platform for
institutional customers was built to facilitate unified management and service of institutional customers,
accounts and users.




                                                                                                                  069
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          In terms of “business innovation”, we have reshaped our products with new forms to meet customer needs
          and strengthened our platform-based service to enhance core capability. The FICC Da Xiang Trading
          Platform (FICC 大象交易平台 ) has intensified its core functions such as trading, risk control, investment,
          quantification and operation with focus on improving market-making and customer service capabilities;
          the investment research center has completed the asset governance of all the company’s reserve of
          investment research data, and established a unified research data base at the company level; and the RIS
          intelligent investment research platform has upgraded its intelligent research report services and improved
          automated production standard and product quality by optimizing valuation models, knowledge maps and
          other core investment research tools.

          In terms of “operation optimization”, quality and efficiency have been improved through automation and
          intelligence and control ability has been strengthened by modeling. Practice efficiency and risk control
          capability towards the investment banking business have been enhanced with more AI empowerment to
          significantly save business time from repetitive work. With regard to risk control, we exercised comprehensive
          and integrated control over the key risk processes of OTC derivatives and built a unified system of risk
          identification, measurement, assessment, monitoring and reporting for OTC derivatives business, so as to
          ensure the sound development of our businesses with risks under monitoring and control.

          In terms of “employee empowering”, the Company endeavored to satisfy employees’ professional needs
          with multiple scenarios empowerment and serve their daily work in various aspects. “AORTA ( 聊 TA)”,
          the intelligent investment consulting platform, focused on improving its refined operation capability for
          investment consultants in terms of classification and stratification, customer operation, etc.; “QingCloud ( 青
          雲 )”, the sales management platform for institutional customers, released version 2.0, initially realizing the
          integration of domestic and overseas marketing services, and actively introducing AI technology to improve
          the efficiency and experience of sales work.

          (VII) Business innovation and its effects on the Company’s business performance,
          future development and risk control

          During the Reporting Period, the Company constantly carried out business innovation activities, promoted
          the innovation of business, products, services and management modes, and constantly improved its
          innovation ability. The development of innovative business is a supplement to the existing product lines and
          business scope, which can effectively release business space, expand client resources and revenue sources,
          enhance profitability, as well as improve customer structure and business model, meet customers’ full and
          diversified business needs, and further enhance brand influence.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve the risk management mechanism on new
          business, extend the coverage of internal control management of new business, conduct backtracking
          assessment and on-site inspection of new business, enhance the identification and assessment of new
          risk points in the process of new business, and promote the improvement of control measures of new
          business from the multi-dimensional perspective of mechanism, system and process. The Company made
          sustained efforts in optimizing the construction of the system functions relating to the risk assessment and
          management of new business to enhance the quality such risk assessment and to guarantee that the risks
          are measurable, controllable and bearable.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company launched bond market making business on the Shanghai &
          Shenzhen Stock Exchanges, stock market making business on the Beijing Stock Exchange, carbon emission
          investment business, obtained the market making qualification on options on STAR 50ETF and obtained the
          market making qualification on certain commodity futures/options on Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange,
          Shanghai Futures Exchange and Dalian Commodity Exchange and provided liquidity to the market. Based on
          the risk characteristics of specific business, the Company conducted in-depth research on the risk nature of
          each business, identified and evaluated the potential business risks and established business management
          measures, and it also set various risk control indicators at strategic and corporate levels and carried out
          management and control on risk exposure and position limit. The Company further improved the ancillary
          staff assignment, system construction and control mechanism including decision-making authorization,
          subject management, risk monitoring, model validation, and business continuity management for the
          market-making business to ensure that new business could be carried out in an orderly and steady manner.




070
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(VIII) There were no significant changes in the Company’s operation status during
the Reporting Period and there were no matters that had or expected to have
significant influence in the future on the Company’s operation during the Reporting
Period


II. MAJOR OPERATIONS DURING THE Reporting Period

As of December 31, 2023, on a consolidated basis, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB905.508 billion,

                                                                                                                            About Us
representing a year-on-year increase of 6.96%; total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company
amounted to RMB179.108 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 8.49%; total revenue, other income
and gains amounted to RMB52.260 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.61%; and profit for the
year attributable to shareholders of the Company amounted to RMB12.751 billion, representing a year-on-
year increase of 15.35%.


(I) Main businesses analysis
1. Analysis table of the changes in relevant items of the income statement and the cash flow

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
statement
                                                                               Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                  Amount for               Amount for
                                                  the current         the same period               Change
Item                                                   period              of last year      percentage (%)

Total revenue, other income and
                                                   52,260,421                46,824,372                    11.61
gains

Total expenses                                   (40,640,541)              (35,815,380)                   13.47




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Profit before income tax                           14,204,664                12,228,038                   16.16

Profit for the year attributable to the
                                                   12,750,633                 11,053,987                  15.35
shareholders of the Company

Net cash (used in)/generated from
                                                (28,475,553)                 70,290,567                    N/A
operating activities

Net cash used in investing activities             (6,264,467)               (16,715,000)                   N/A

Net cash generated from/(used in)
                                                    17,961,792              (26,697,139)                   N/A
financing activities




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Net (decrease)/increase in cash and
                                                 (16,778,228)                26,878,428                    N/A
cash equivalents




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
2. Revenue, other income and gains

As of December 31, 2023, the Group recorded total revenue, other income and gains of RMB52,260 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 11.61%, in which:

(1) Fee and commission income recorded a year-on-year decrease of 9.72% to RMB18,941 million, accounting
for 36.24%, mainly due to the decrease in income from securities brokerage and advisory business.

(2) Interest income recorded a year-on-year increase of 6.34% to RMB14,615 million, accounting for 27.97%,
mainly due to the increase in interest income from debt instruments at amortised cost and interest income
from financial institutions.

(3) Net investment gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 93.65% to RMB11,670 million, accounting for




                                                                                                                   071
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          22.33%, mainly due to the increase in revenue from the Group’s investment business.

          (4) Other income and gains recorded a year-on-year increase of 15.84% to RMB7,034 million, accounting for
          13.46%, mainly due to the increase in income from sales of bulk commodity of the Group.

                                                                                              Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                   2023                           2022                Increase/Decrease
          Item
                                            Amount            Ratio       Amount           Ratio       Amount            Ratio

          Fee and commission income       18,940,982        36.24%      20,981,425        44.81%    (2,040,443)       (9.72)%

          Interest income                  14,615,232       27.97%       13,744,117       29.35%         871,115        6.34%

          Net investment gains            11,670,400        22.33%      6,026,587          12.87%     5,643,813        93.65%

          Other income and gains           7,033,807        13.46%       6,072,243         12.97%       961,564        15.84%

          Total revenue, other income
                                          52,260,421       100.00%     46,824,372        100.00%     5,436,049           11.61%
          and gains




          3. Total expenses

          As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s total expenses were RMB40,641 million, representing a year-on-year
          increase of 13.47%, mainly due to the increase in interest expenses and other operating expenses, in which:

          (1) Fee and commission expenses amounted to RMB4,328 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
          of 8.80%, mainly due to the decrease in expenses of securities brokerage business and futures brokerage
          business.

          (2) Interest expenses amounted to RMB13,663 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 22.96%, mainly
          due to the increase in interest expenses of debt financing.

          (3) Staff costs amounted to RMB9,372 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.77%, mainly due to
          the decrease in accrued staff costs of the Group.

          (4) Other expenses mainly include depreciation and amortisation expenses, tax and surcharges as well as
          (reversal of) asset impairment loss and other operating expenses.

                                                                                              Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                 2023                            2022                 Increase/Decrease
          Item
                                            Amount          Ratio        Amount            Ratio      Amount             Ratio

          Fee and commission
                                        (4,328,290)        10.65%     (4,745,839)         13.25%        417,549       (8.80)%
          expenses

          Interest expenses             (13,662,909)      33.62%        (11,111,339)      31.02%    (2,551,570)        22.96%

          Staff cost                     (9,371,842)      23.06%      (10,051,898)       28.07%        680,056        (6.77)%

          Depreciation and
                                         (1,856,409)       4.57%       (1,552,576)        4.33%      (303,833)         19.57%
          Amortization expenses

          Tax and surcharges               (187,664)       0.46%         (189,971)        0.53%           2,307         (1.21)%

          Other operating expenses      (11,644,373)      28.65%      (8,649,106)         24.15%    (2,995,267)        34.63%

          Financial assets
          impairment reversal/              410,946        (1.01)%       485,349         (1.36)%      (74,403)       (15.33)%
          (losses)

          Total expenses                (40,640,541)      100.00%     (35,815,380)       100.00%     (4,825,161)        13.47%




072
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
4. Analysis of segment revenue, other income and gains and segment expenses

(1) Analysis of segment revenue, other income and gains
                                                                                    Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                               Percentage                 Increase
                                       Percentage of
                                                                         of total segment           or decrease in
                                       total segment
                                                              Segment             revenue,             percentage
                         Segment       revenue, other          revenue,      other income        of total segment
                    revenue, other       income and       other income and gains for the revenue, other income
                      income and         gains for the and gains for the  same period of and gains as compared

                                                                                                                                    About Us
                      gains for the    current period   same period of            last year to the same period of
Business segment    current period                 (%)         last year                (%)               last year

Wealth
                                                                                                  Decrease of 5.52
management              23,324,795              44.63         23,482,561             50.15
                                                                                                 percentage points
business

Institutional                                                                                      Increase of 2.82
                        10,549,352               20.19         8,133,656              17.37
services business                                                                                percentage points


                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
Investment
                                                                                                    Increase of 1.58
management                3,358,823               6.43         2,270,428              4.85
                                                                                                 percentage points

                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
business

International                                                                                      Increase of 4.66
                          12,941,308            24.76          9,413,986             20.10
business                                                                                         percentage points

Others (including                                                                                 Decrease of 3.53
                          2,086,143               3.99         3,523,741              7.53
offset)                                                                                          percentage points




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
During the Reporting Period, on a consolidated basis, the Group recorded revenue, other income and gains
of RMB52,260 million in total, representing a year-on-year increase of 11.61%. Among the principal business
segments, as influenced by the market, segment revenue from wealth management business of the
Group decreased by RMB158 million as compared to the same period of last year; segment revenue from
institutional services business and investment management business increased by RMB2,416 million and
RMB1,088 million, respectively, as compared to the same period of last year; international business segment
maintained a favorable growth, with revenue increasing by RMB3,527 million as compared to the same
period of last year.


Analysis of segment revenue, other income and gains



                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
                                                                                      Wealth management business

                                                                                      Institutional services business
           Year of 2022                            Year of 2023                       Investment management business

                                                                                      International business

                                                                                      Others (including offset)

                                                                                  Source: Regular reports of the Company




                                                                                                                           073
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Analysis on segment expenses
                                                                                        Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                            Percentage of
                                                                              Percentage of   Increase or decrease
                                            total segment
                                                                 Segment      total segment in percentage of total
                                  Segment expenses for the expenses for the expenses for the segment expenses as
                           expenses for the         current same period of   same period of compared to the same
          Business segment   current period     period (%)        last year     last year (%)    period of last year

          Wealth                                                                                      Decrease of 1.13
          management            (16,634,272)           40.93     (15,063,586)           42.06
                                                                                                   percentage points
          business

          Institutional                                                                              Decrease of 1.30
                                (7,907,900)            19.46      (7,434,388)           20.76
          services business                                                                        percentage points

          Investment                                                                                 Increase of 0.53
          management            (1,589,098)             3.91       (1,210,570)           3.38
                                                                                                    percentage point
          business

          International                                                                              Increase of 5.20
                               (10,648,760)            26.20       (7,521,339)           21.00
          business                                                                                 percentage points

          Others (including                                                                         Decrease of 3.30
                                 (3,860,511)            9.50      (4,585,497)            12.80
          offset)                                                                                  percentage points



          In terms of expenses of each business segment as a percentage of total expenses of the Group, expenses
          of wealth management business segment and institutional services business segment decreased by 1.13
          percentage points and 1.30 percentage points, respectively; expenses of investment management business
          segment and international business segment increased by 0.53 percentage point and 5.20 percentage
          points, respectively.




074
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
5. Information of R&D personnel

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to deepen the strategy on digital transformation, firmly
focused on the overall target of “making technology the core competitiveness of Huatai”, further solidified
the construction of technology organizations and constantly established scientific and flexible organizational
systems and talent development systems, achieving the quality development of R&D team. As of the end
of the Reporting Period, the R&D personnel of the Group amounted to 3,286, representing 19.73% of the total
staff of the Group.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the information of R&D personnel of the Group is as follows:



Number of R&D personnel of the Company                                                                  3,286             About Us

Percentage of the number of R&D personnel to the
                                                                                                         19.73
Company’s total number of employees (%)

                                  Education composition of R&D personnel

Education composition category                                            Number of education composition



                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Doctor                                                                                                     15

Master                                                                                                  1,406

Bachelor                                                                                                1,508           and Strategies

Junior college graduate and below                                                                          35

                                     Age composition of R&D personnel

Age composition category                                                         Number of age composition




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
<30                                                                                                      1,174

≥30-<40                                                                                                 1,566

≥40-<50                                                                                                   170

≥50                                                                                                        54


Note: Due to the internal policies of corporations in the United States, the above statistics of education and
age composition do not include those of employees of corporations in the United States.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 075
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          6. Cash flow

                                                                                          Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                   Amount for the         Amount of         Percentage of
                                              Amount for the        same period          increase or           increase or
          Item                                 current period        of last year          decrease          decrease (%)

          Net cash generated from/(used
                                                 (28,475,553)         70,290,567        (98,766,120)                  N/A
          in) operating activities

          Net cash used in investing
                                                  (6,264,467)        (16,715,000)        10,450,533                   N/A
          activities

          Net cash generated from/(used
                                                    17,961,792       (26,697,139)        44,658,931                   N/A
          in) financing activities

          Net (decrease)/increase in cash
                                                  (16,778,228)        26,878,428       (43,656,656)                   N/A
          and cash equivalents


          During the Reporting Period, the net decrease in cash and cash equivalents of the Group was RMB43,657
          million, in which:

          (1) Net cash used in operating activities was RMB28,476 million, representing a decrease of RMB98,766 million
          as compared to the same period of last year, mainly due to the increase in financial instruments at fair
          value through profit or loss for the current period.

          (2) Net cash used in investing activities was RMB6,264 million, representing an increase of RMB10,451 million
          as compared to the same period of last year, mainly due to the decrease in the amount used for purchase
          of debt investment as amortised cost for the current period.

          (3) Net cash generated from financing activities was RMB17,962 million, representing an increase of
          RMB44,659 million as compared to the same period of last year, mainly due to the decrease in cash paid for
          settlement of issued debt instruments for the current period.




076
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
7. Detailed description of significant changes in the Group’s business types, components or sources of
profit
                                                                                  Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                             Amount for       Amount for
                             the current the same period      Year-on-year
Item                              period      of last year      change (%)                       Principal reason

Total revenue, other
                               52,260,421      46,824,372             11.61   Increase in net investment gains
income and gains

                                                                                  Increase in other operating
                                                                                                                               About Us
Total expenses              (40,640,541)      (35,815,380)           13.47
                                                                              expenses and interest expenses

                                                                               Increase in total revenue, other
Operating profit                11,619,880      11,008,992            5.55
                                                                                            income and gains

                                                                               Increase in total revenue, other
Profit before income tax      14,204,664       12,228,038             16.16
                                                                                            income and gains

                                                                               Increase in total revenue, other
                               13,036,260

                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Profit for the year                              11,366,621          14.69
                                                                                            income and gains

Among which: profit for


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
the year attributable                                                          Increase in total revenue, other
                               12,750,633       11,053,987           15.35
to shareholders of the                                                                      income and gains
Company

                           Balance as at     Balance as at
                           the end of the the beginning of    Year-on-year
Item                              period        the period      change (%)                       Principal reason




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
Total assets                905,508,389      846,570,990             6.96          Increase in financial assets

                                                                               Increase in debt financing and
Total liabilities            723,290,957      678,714,380             6.57      financial liabilities at fair value
                                                                                           through profit or loss

Total shareholders’
                              182,217,432      167,856,610            8.56     Realization of profit for the year
equity




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                      077
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Analysis of key items of consolidated statement of financial position

          1. General description of consolidated statement of financial position
                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                       As at December 31, 2023   As at December 31, 2022      Increase/decrease
          Item
                                          Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio       Amount            Ratio

          Non-current assets

          Property and equipment          6,519,710     0.72%      6,287,383      0.74%         232,327          3.70%

          Investment properties            136,284      0.02%        217,586      0.03%         (81,302)      (37.37)%

          Goodwill                       3,419,332      0.38%       3,352,219     0.40%            67,113        2.00%

          Land use rights and other
                                         7,515,260      0.83%       7,439,816     0.88%          75,444           1.01%
          intangible assets

          Interest in associates        19,496,027       2.15%    18,276,443       2.16%       1,219,584         6.67%

          Interest in joint ventures     1,299,405       0.14%      1,706,184     0.20%       (406,779)      (23.84)%

          Debt investment at
                                       45,404,582        5.01%    36,586,707      4.32%        8,817,875        24.10%
          amortised cost

          Debt instruments at
          fair value through other      15,207,952       1.68%     7,900,595      0.93%       7,307,357        92.49%
          comprehensive income

          Equity instruments at
          fair value through other         124,506       0.01%       241,587      0.03%         (117,081)    (48.46)%
          comprehensive income

          Financial assets at fair
          value through profit or        7,952,021      0.88%      10,142,583      1.20%    (2,190,562)       (21.60)%
          loss

          Refundable deposits           40,544,278      4.48%     42,706,777      5.04%     (2,162,499)        (5.06)%

          Deferred tax assets              702,722      0.08%        600,473      0.07%         102,249         17.03%

          Other non-current assets         311,789      0.03%       300,664       0.04%            11,125        3.70%

          Total non-current assets     148,633,868      16.41%    135,759,017     16.04%      12,874,851         9.48%

          Current assets

          Accounts receivable            9,743,761       1.08%      7,804,341     0.92%       1,939,420        24.85%

          Other receivables,
          prepayments and other          2,539,985      0.28%       2,157,529     0.25%        382,456          17.73%
          current assets

          Margin accounts
                                        112,341,094     12.41%   100,648,375      11.89%      11,692,719         11.62%
          receivable

          Debt investment at
                                         4,712,230      0.52%      11,965,863       1.41%   (7,253,633)      (60.62)%
          amortised cost




078
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                As at December 31, 2023   As at December 31, 2022      Increase/decrease
Item
                                   Amount         Ratio      Amount         Ratio       Amount          Ratio

Financial assets held
                                 12,460,232       1.38%    34,824,221        4.11%   (22,363,989)    (64.22)%
under resale agreements

Debt instruments at
fair value through other          1,054,048       0.12%     2,603,784       0.31%     (1,549,736)    (59.52)%
comprehensive income



                                                                                                                          About Us
Financial assets at fair
value through profit or         405,127,363     44.74%    340,661,962     40.24%      64,465,401       18.92%
loss

Derivative financial assets       16,259,881      1.79%     15,788,301      1.86%        471,580       2.99%

Clearing settlement funds         9,129,266       1.01%      8,716,506      1.03%        412,760       4.74%

Cash held on behalf of
                                 137,210,295     15.15%   140,460,346      16.59%     (3,250,051)     (2.31)%
brokerage clients

Cash and bank balances          46,296,366        5.14%    45,180,745      5.34%        1,377,969      3.05%           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Total current assets            756,874,521     83.59%      710,811,973   83.96%      46,062,548       6.48%

Total assets                    905,508,389    100.00%    846,570,990     100.00%     58,937,399       6.96%

Current liabilities

Short-term bank loans             11,478,573      1.59%     7,997,434        1.18%      3,481,139     43.53%




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Short-term debt
                                 25,475,507      3.52%     25,772,604      3.80%       (297,097)       (1.15)%
instruments issued

Placements from other
                                 39,536,527      5.47%      25,877,713      3.81%      13,658,814     52.78%
financial institutions

Accounts payable to
                                144,701,360      20.01%    152,551,723    22.48%     (7,850,363)      (5.15)%
brokerage clients

Employee benefits
                                   4,151,439     0.57%       5,304,177     0.78%       (1,152,738)   (21.73)%
payable



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Other payables and
                                113,884,799      15.75%   108,096,572      15.93%      5,788,227       5.35%
accruals




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Contract liabilities                177,500      0.02%        218,943      0.03%         (41,443)    (18.93)%

Current tax liabilities            493,520       0.07%        524,997      0.08%         (31,477)     (6.00)%

Financial assets sold
under repurchase                144,056,149      19.92%    144,117,998     21.23%        (61,849)     (0.04)%
agreements

Financial liabilities at fair
value through profit or           43,710,135     6.04%     43,005,621      6.34%         704,514        1.64%
loss




                                                                                                                 079
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                          As at December 31, 2023    As at December 31, 2022   Increase/decrease
          Item
                                             Amount         Ratio       Amount         Ratio    Amount         Ratio

          Derivative financial
                                           16,848,878       2.33%      9,638,125       1.42%    7,210,753     74.81%
          liabilities

          Long-term bonds due
                                          44,803,489        6.19%     29,062,749      4.28%    15,740,740     54.16%
          within one year

          Total current liabilities       589,317,876      81.48%    552,168,656      81.36%   37,149,220      6.73%

          Net current assets              167,556,645           –     158,643,317         –     8,913,328      5.62%

          Total assets less current
                                           316,190,513          –    294,402,334          –    21,788,179      7.40%
          liabilities

          Non-current liabilities

          Derivative financial
                                               32,763           –              –          –       32,763           –
          liabilities

          Long-term bonds                   115,012,512    15.90%     110,356,589     16.26%   4,655,923       4.22%

          Long-term bank loans                647,052      0.09%        804,903        0.12%    (157,851)    (19.61)%

          Non-current employee
                                            6,431,780      0.89%       6,588,448      0.97%    (156,668)     (2.38)%
          benefits payable

          Deferred tax liabilities          1,960,663       0.27%       2,199,928     0.32%    (239,265)     (10.88)%

          Financial liabilities at fair
          value through profit or            8,961,031      1.24%      5,569,938      0.82%     3,391,093     60.88%
          loss

          Other payables and
                                              927,280       0.13%       1,025,918      0.15%    (98,638)      (9.61)%
          accruals

          Total non-current
                                           133,973,081     18.52%    126,545,724      18.64%    7,427,357      5.87%
          liabilities

          Net assets                       182,217,432          –     167,856,610         –    14,360,822      8.56%

          Shareholders’ equity

          Share capital                     9,074,663      4.98%       9,075,589       5.41%       (926)      (0.01)%

          Other equity instruments         25,700,000      14.10%     19,200,000      11.44%   6,500,000      33.85%

          Treasury share                   (1,064,173)    (0.58)%     (1,202,324)    (0.72)%       138,151   (11.49)%

          Reserves                        102,967,146      56.51%     100,092,751    59.63%    2,874,395       2.87%

          Retained profits                 42,430,731     23.28%      37,929,086     22.60%     4,501,645      11.87%

          Total equity attributable
          to shareholders of the           179,108,367    98.29%      165,095,102    98.35%    14,013,265      8.49%
          Company

          Non-controlling interests         3,109,065        1.71%      2,761,508      1.65%     347,557      12.59%

          Total shareholders’ equity       182,217,432    100.00%     167,856,610    100.00%   14,360,822      8.56%




080
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
As of December 31, 2023, total non-current assets of the Group amounted to RMB148,634 million,
representing an increase of RMB12,875 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly
due to the increase in debt investment at amortised cost and debt instruments at fair value through other
comprehensive income of RMB8,818 million and RMB7,307 million, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, total
non-current liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB133,973 million, representing an increase of RMB7,427
million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the increase in long-term
bonds and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss of RMB4,656 million and RMB3,391 million,
respectively.

As of December 31, 2023, total current assets of the Group amounted to RMB756,875 million, representing


                                                                                                                                About Us
an increase of RMB46,063 million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the
increase in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB64,465 million. As of December 31, 2023,
total current liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB589,318 million, representing an increase of RMB37,149
million as compared to the beginning of the year, which was mainly due to the increase in long-term bonds
due within one year and placements from other financial institutions of RMB15,741 million and RMB13,659
million, respectively.

2. Major restricted assets as of the end of the Reporting Period



                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
As of the end of the Reporting Period, major restricted assets of the Group totaled RMB213,610,222 thousand,
including cash and bank balances, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, debt investment
at amortised cost, debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income and interest


                                                                                                                              and Strategies
in associates. Except for the above assets, no major assets of the Group were seized, detained, frozen,
mortgaged or pledged so that they could or could not be realized, or could not be used to pay the debts
only under a certain condition. There was no circumstance or arrangement under which the major assets
were occupied, used or benefited or the disposal of them was limited.

3. Description of changes in the measurement of assets measured at fair value and prime
assets




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
Fair value refers to the price received for selling one asset or the price payable for transferring one liability
by a market participant in an orderly transaction on the measurement date.

When estimating the fair value, the Group considers the characteristics that the market participants
consider when they price the related assets or liabilities on the measurement date (including the asset
status and the limitation on selling or using the assets), and adopts the currently available valuation
techniques that are supported by adequate available data and other information. The main valuation
techniques used include market approach, income approach and cost approach.


The impact of gains and losses of changes in fair value on the Group’s profit during the Reporting Period is
as follows:



                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
                                                                                   Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

Item                                             Impact on profit for 2023            Impact on profit for 2022




                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
Financial assets at fair value
                                                                 7,235,361                             (13,037,891)
through profit or loss

Financial liabilities at fair value
                                                                  257,689                                  612,267
through profit or loss

Derivative financial instruments                               (6,518,537)                              18,974,293

Total                                                              974,513                              6,548,669




                                                                                                                       081
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          4. Structure and quality of assets

          As of December 31, 2023, total shareholders’ equity of the Group amounted to RMB182,217 million, representing
          an increase of RMB14,361 million or 8.56% as compared to that as of the end of 2022, which was mainly due
          to the realization of profit retention by the Group during the Reporting Period.

          The asset structure of the Group continued to be optimized and the assets maintained good quality and
          liquidity. As of December 31, 2023, total assets of the Group amounted to RMB905,508 million, representing
          an increase of RMB58,937 million or 6.96% as compared to the beginning of the year. Specifically, cash
          and bank balances, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients and clearing settlement funds of the Group
          amounted to RMB192,636 million, accounting for 21.27% of the total assets; margin accounts receivable
          amounted to RMB112,341 million, accounting for 12.41% of the total assets; financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss amounted to RMB413,079 million, accounting for 45.62% of the total assets; debt investment
          at amortised cost and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income amounted to
          a total of RMB66,503 million, accounting for 7.34% of the total assets; property and equipment, investment
          properties and other intangible assets accounted for 1.57% of the total assets. Most of the assets have strong
          cashability. The Group’s assets have strong liquidity and the asset structure is reasonable.

          As of December 31, 2023, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB723,291 million, representing an
          increase of RMB44,577 million or 6.57% as compared to the beginning of the year. The debt-to-assets ratio
          was 76.05% (excluding the impact of accounts payable to brokerage clients), representing an increase of 0.24
          percentage point as compared to the beginning of the year.

          As of December 31, 2023, the Group obtained funds through borrowings and debt financing instruments. As
          of the end of the Reporting Period, total principal of the placements from other financial institutions of the
          Group amounted to RMB236,954 million. Details are shown as follows:

                                                                                             Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          Borrowings and debt financing plans                                                    As of December 31, 2023

          Placement from China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                                                       –

          Placement from other financial institutions                                                            39,536,527

          Short-term borrowings                                                                                    11,478,573

          Short-term financing funds payable                                                                     25,475,507

          Long-term borrowings                                                                                      647,052

          Bonds payable                                                                                          159,816,001

          Total principal                                                                                      236,953,660


          Borrowings and debt financing with a financing maturity of more than one year were RMB115,660 million,
          accounting for 48.81%. Among them, programs with a financing maturity of one to two years were RMB43,722
          million, those with a financing maturity of two to five years were RMB60,551 million, and those with a financing
          maturity of over five years were RMB11,386 million. Borrowings and debt financing with a financing maturity of
          less than one year were RMB121,294 million, accounting for 51.19%.

          As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s borrowings and debt financing with fixed interest rate were RMB234,515
          million. In particular, the balance of short-term borrowings was RMB11,479 million; the balance of long-term
          borrowings was RMB647 million; the balance of placement from other financial institutions was RMB39,537
          million; the balance of income receipts with fixed interest rate was RMB3,938 million; the balance of
          corporate bonds was RMB127,146 million; the balance of subordinated debts was RMB14,399 million; and the
          balance of foreign debts was RMB37,369 million.




082
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
As of December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents of the Group amounted to RMB59,830 million, of which
RMB cash and cash equivalents accounted for 72.24%.

As of December 31, 2023, the Group’s short-term bank borrowings included balance of credit borrowings of
RMB10,549 million, and that of pledge borrowings of RMB929 million.

As of December 31, 2023, all of the Group’s long-term bank borrowings were credit borrowings.

5. Analysis of profitability

In 2023, the Group firmly implemented the “two-pronged” ( 雙輪驅動 ) core strategy of wealth management
and institutional services under technology empowerment, and constantly unleashed development
momentum with its operating results improving steadily. Its comprehensive strength soundly ranked in the                    About Us
forefront of the industry.

6. Explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements

For details of the explanations on the changes in the scope of consolidation of the statements of the Group,
please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this report headed “Investment in Subsidiaries”.

7. Analysis of income tax policy

                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Company’s income tax was subject to the Corporate Income Tax Law of the
PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and the Enforcement Regulations of Corporate Income Tax Law of the

                                                                                                                          and Strategies
PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法實施條例》). The calculation and payment methods of the income tax shall
be subject to the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Issuing the Measures for the
Consolidated Collection of Corporate Income Tax on Trans-regional Business Operations (Announcement
[2012] No. 57 of the State Administration of Taxation) (《國家稅務總局關於印發 < 跨地區經營匯總納稅企業所得稅
徵收管理辦法 > 的公告》( 國家稅務總局公告 [2012]57 號 )). The income tax rate applicable to the Company and
its domestic subsidiaries is 25%. The Company enjoys the preferential policy of calculating and deducting
research and development expenses, and the profit tax rate applicable to the Hong Kong subsidiary of the




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Company is 16.5%. Other overseas subsidiaries of the Company are subject to income taxes at tax rates
applicable in their jurisdictions.



8. Analysis of financing channels and financing capacity

               In terms of financing methods, the Company has two financing channels, equity financing and
               debt financing. In China, the Company’s short-term financing channels included credit lending via
               interbank market, bond repurchasing via interbank market and stock exchange market, issuing
               short-term corporate bonds, issuing income credential via quotation and service system for
               inter-institutional private placement products and self-built counter market, carrying out margin




                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
               refinancing from securities and financial companies, and the Company’s medium and long-term
Financing
               financing channels included issuing corporate bonds, private corporate bonds, subordinated
channels
               debt, perpetual subordinated debt and equity refinancing, etc. In addition, the Company can also
               introduce foreign funds through the issuance of overseas bonds and medium-term notes as well




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
               as syndicated loan to support the business development of the Company. After years of effective
               efforts, the Company explored and established the short, medium and long-term diversified
               financing channels, which played a key role in the rapid development process of the Company’s
               business.




                                                                                                                   083
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                         The Company has always attached great importance to liquidity management. As for funds
                         management, it adhered to the principle of “full amount concentrated, allocated in a unified
                         way, valued by classification and monitored timely”. In terms of management and development
                         strategies, it paid attention to matching business scale with liabilities. Based on reasonable asset
                         allocation and diversified debt financing, the Company ensured reasonable matching of duration,
                         scale of assets and liabilities and proper liquidity.
                         The Company followed the general principles of comprehensiveness, prudency, predictiveness for
                         liquidity risk management according to the centralized management and hierarchical prevention
                         and control management model, established a liquidity risk management system based on
                         comprehensive risk management framework, as well as a sound liquidity risk management system
                         appropriate to the Company’s strategy, and implemented liquidity risk management policy with
                         the preference for “steadiness and safety”. The Company ensured no liquidity risk that would
                         cause significant impacts on sustainable operation, so as to fully guarantee the steady and safe
                         development of the business of the Company.
                         In order to ensure its liquidity, the Company has adopted various measures mainly including: 1)
          Liquidity      constantly improving the capital planning system, establishing a daytime liquidity monitoring system
          management     and realizing a daytime monitoring of the management of capital position and cash flow through
          policies and   platforms, so as to ensure the security of daytime liquidity; 2) strengthening the management for
          measures       the matching between durations of assets and liabilities and establishing high-quality current asset
                         reserves, in order to enhance the diversity and stability of financing; 3) upgrading and transforming
                         the treasury management platform, and achieving effective identification, measurement,
                         monitoring and controlling on liquidity risks through information system, in order to ensure that the
                         liquidity risks are measurable, controllable and tolerable; 4) analyzing supervisory indicators of cash
                         flow and liquidity risk under certain stress scenarios to evaluate the tolerance level of the Company
                         for liquidity risks and analyzing the stress test results to constantly improve the Company’s response
                         capacity for liquidity risks; 5) leveraging the consolidation supervision to continuously strengthen the
                         management on the liquidity risk of subsidiaries and the vertical management on the liquidity risk
                         of oversea subsidiaries to improve subsidiaries’ response capacity for liquidity risks and the Group’s
                         prevention and control for liquidity risks; 6) organizing the formulation, exercise and evaluation of a
                         liquidity risk contingency plan, in order to improve the Company’s emergency capacity for liquidity
                         risks; and 7) improving the liquidity risk reporting system, so as to ensure that the management is
                         able to keep abreast of the Group’s liquidity risk level and management situation.
                         During the Reporting Period, the Company’s liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding
                         ratio (NSRF) continued to meet regulatory requirements and maintained enough safe space.




084
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                The Company has operated in compliance with regulations, enjoyed sound reputation as well as
                strong capital strength, profitability and debt repayment ability, maintained good cooperation
                relationships with commercial banks, and had sufficient bank credit. As of the end of the Reporting
                Period, the total credit line obtained by the Company from commercial banks amounted to
                approximately RMB620 billion, demonstrating a strong short-term and medium-to-long term
                financing abilities. As of the end of the Reporting Period, after assessment by China Lianhe Credit
                Rating Co., Ltd., the credit rating of the Company was AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable.
                After comprehensive assessment by Shanghai Brilliance, the credit rating of the Company was
                AAA and the credit rating outlook is stable. After comprehensive assessment by Standard & Poor’s,
                the long-term credit rating of the Company was BBB+ and the credit rating outlook is stable. After


                                                                                                                                  About Us
Analysis of     comprehensive assessment by Moody’s, the long-term credit rating of the Company was Baa1 and
financing       the credit rating outlook is stable.
capability    Taking into consideration both liquidity and profitability, the Company held a certain number of
and financing fixed-income products. Interest rate changes will bring direct impact to the interest income of the
strategy      cash and the market price and investment income of the bond investment held by the Company.
              Margin financing and securities lending and other capital-based intermediary business, corporate
              debt financing and other businesses which directly relate to interest rates may directly impact
              corresponding interest income and financing interest expenses. At the same time, the Company’s
              stock investment was also indirectly affected by interest rate changes. In addition, as the Company



                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
              has registered overseas subsidiaries whose capital is contributed in foreign currency, the Company
              holds foreign currency funds and assets, and the changes of exchange rate will have certain
              impact on the Company’s financial situation. The Company optimized the distribution of assets and


                                                                                                                                and Strategies
              liabilities structure by timely adjusting all kinds of asset structure, strengthened the research on the
              interest rate and exchange rate market, and used appropriate interest rate, exchange rate and
              other derivative financial tools to avoid risks and reduce the influence of these factors.

Contingencies
and their
impacts on
                 –
the financial




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
situation of the
Company



(III) Analysis of industry operation

For details, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(IV) Analysis of investments

Overall analysis of external equity investments




                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Group’s investment in associates amounted to RMB19,496 million,
representing an increase of RMB1,220 million or 6.68% as compared to RMB18,276 million at the beginning of
the period; and the investment in joint ventures amounted to RMB1,299 million, representing a decrease of




                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
RMB407 million or 23.86% as compared to RMB1,706 million at the beginning of the period. For details of the
overall situation of the Group’s external equity investment, please refer to Note 25 “Interest in associates”
and Note 26 “Interest in joint ventures” to the financial statements in this report.

(1) Significant equity investment of the Company

For significant equity investment of the Company, please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this
report headed “Investment in Subsidiaries”.

(2) The Company had no significant non-equity investment

(3) Financial assets measured at fair value




                                                                                                                         085
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                       Unit: Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                                                                      The changed
                                                                                  Investment         amount of fair
                                          Balance at the     Balance at the income during the      value during the
          Item                           end of last year   end of this year  Reporting Period     Reporting Period

          Financial assets at fair
                                            350,804,545         413,079,384         20,808,857               7,236,361
          value through profit or loss

          Debt instruments at
          fair value through other            10,504,379         16,262,000           (80,389)                106,976
          comprehensive income

          Equity instruments at
          fair value through other               241,587           124,506                   –                  17,759
          comprehensive income

          Derivative financial
                                                6,150,176         (621,760)         (8,941,901)           (6,518,537)
          instruments


          (4) There was no major asset restructuring and integration by the Company during the Reporting
          Period


          (V) There were no sales of significant assets or equities by the Company during the
          Reporting Period

          (VI) There was no bankruptcy or restructuring, merger or division, major disposal,
          acquisition, replacement or stripping of assets or restructuring of other companies
          by the Company during the Reporting Period

          (VII) Analysis of Key Subsidiaries




086
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

                                         Shareholding percentage
      Company name                               of the Company                      Registered capital                         Total assets                 Net assets       Operating revenue                        Total profit                      Net profit

                                                                   100%                         99,748.00                          713,895.73                473,992.34                  270,922.15                       27,689.18                      20,680.74
      Huatai United Securities
      Co., Ltd.                       Main businesses: securities underwriting and sponsorship (excluding treasury bonds, non-financial corporate debt financing instruments and financial bond underwriting); financial advisory
                                      for securities trading and investment related activities; other businesses approved by the CSRC

                                                                   100%                        260,000.00                         947,275.89                 857,885.88                  180,999.57                      121,663.98                       95,129.00
      Huatai Securities
      (Shanghai) Asset
      Management Co., Ltd.            Main businesses: securities asset management; publicly offered securities investment funds management. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the
                                      approval of relevant authorities)

      Huatai International                                         100%           HK$ 10,200,000,002.00                HK$ 204,235,396,500            HK$ 20,452,133,300       HK$ 14,268,952,400               HK$ 2,487,347,500               HK$ 1,998,485,600
      Financial Holdings
      Company Limited                 Main business: holding company

                                                                   100%                        600,000.00                        1,370,265.65               1,014,098.69                 49,905.43                       36,748.84                       27,087.29
      Huatai Purple Gold
      Investment Co., Ltd.            Main businesses: equity investment, debt investment, other fund investments associated with equity investment and debt investment; investment consulting and investment management for
                                      equity investment and debt investment, and financial consulting. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities)

                                                                   100%                        350,000.00                          426,335.17                385,794.68                    19,374.70                       4,583.78                       4,467.88

                                      Main businesses: General items: Investment activities with own capital; investment management; sale of metal chains and other metal products; hotel management; fitness and leisure
      Huatai Innovative               activities branch operation; laundry services branch operation; typing and copying service branch operation; parking lot service branch operation; conference and exhibition service branch
      Investment Co., Ltd.            operation; tourism development project planning and consultation branch operation; ticketing agency service branch operation. (Except for items subject to approval in accordance with
                                      the law, the business activities shall be carried out on their own in accordance with the business license). Permitted items: accommodation service branch operation; catering service branch
                                      operation; food sales branch operation; high-risk sports (swimming) branch operation. (Items subject to approval in accordance with the law, the business activities shall be carried out upon
                                      the approval of the relevant departments, and specific business items shall be subject to the approval documents or permits of the relevant departments)

                                                                   100%                        393,900.00                        7,501,446.49                493,327.60                  527,373.66                       36,527.73                      27,429.99
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.
                                      Main businesses: commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment consultancy, asset management and fund sales. (Businesses that need to be approved by
                                      law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant authorities)

                                                                    52%                         20,000.00                           54,797.44                  46,920.16                   6,350.38                        2,787.35                        2,042.95
      Jiangsu Equity Exchange Main businesses: provision of premises, facilities and services for approved listing, registration, custody, trading, financing, settlement, transfer, dividend distribution and pledge of equity
      Co., Ltd.               interests, bonds, assets and related financial products and financial derivatives of unlisted companies, organization and monitoring of trading activities, issuance of market information,
                              trading of listed products in the trading market as an agent, and provision of consultation services for market participants. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out
                              upon the approval of relevant authorities)

                                                                  41.16%                          36,172.00                      1,392,607.26                962,228.95                   674,141.55                    261,408.68                        201,125.51
      China Southern Asset
      Management Co., Ltd.
                                      Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the securities regulatory authority under the State Council.

                                                                    49%                         20,000.00                           311,647.66                186,077.41                 175,668.33                      66,475.26                        50,155.97
      Huatai-PineBridge Fund
      Management Co., Ltd.
                                      Main businesses: fund raising, fund sales, asset management and other businesses approved by the CSRC.

                                                                  5.03%                       1,476,965.67                   333,634,582.40                25,326,730.20               5,867,784.70                    3,345,591.70                   2,657,402,40

                                      Main businesses: deposits taking from the general public; granting short-term, medium-term and long-term loans; handling domestic settlements; handing acceptance and discounting of
                                      negotiable instruments; issuing financial bonds; acting as an agent for the issue, honoring and underwriting of government bonds and underwriting of short-term financing bills; buying and
                                      selling government bonds, financial bonds, corporate bonds; engaging in interbank lending; providing letter of credit services and guaranty; acting as an agent for receipts/payments and
      Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd.       insurance business, wealth management sales, fund sales, precious metal sales, receipts/payments and custody of collective fund trust scheme; provision of safe deposit boxes; handing
                                      entrusted deposits and loans; bank card services; foreign currency deposits; foreign currency loans; foreign exchange remittances; currency exchange; settlement and sales of foreign
                                      exchange, acting as an agent for forward settlement and sales of foreign exchange; international settlement; proprietary trading and agency for trading of foreign exchange; interbank
                                      foreign exchange lending; trading or acting as an agent for trading in foreign currency securities other than stocks; credit investigation, consultation and witness services; online banking,
                                      and other services approved by the banking regulatory bodies and relevant authorities. (Businesses that need to be approved by law shall be carried out upon the approval of relevant
                                      authorities)

      Notes: 1. In March 2024, Huatai Innovative Investment completed its industrial and commercial registration modification, and its scope of business was changed to “General Items: Investment activities with own capital; investment management; hotel
      management branch operation; fitness and leisure activities branch operation; laundry services branch operation; typing and copying service branch operation; parking lot service branch operation; conference and exhibition service branch operation; tourism
      development project planning and consultation branch operation; ticketing agency service branch operation. (Except for items subject to approval in accordance with the law, the business activities shall be carried out on their own in accordance with the
      business license). Permitted items: accommodation service branch operation; catering service branch operation; food sales branch operation; high-risk sports (swimming) branch operation. (Items subject to approval in accordance with the law, the business
      activities shall be carried out upon the approval of the relevant departments, and specific business items shall be subject to the approval documents or permits of the relevant departments)”.

      2. On January 12, 2024, the Bank of Jiangsu convened the 2024 first extraordinary general meeting, which considered and approved the Resolution on Change of the Registered Capital and Amendments to Relevant Provisions under the Articles of Association of
      Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. Its registered capital was changed to RMB18,351,324,463. Such matter is still subject to approval by the Jiangsu Regulatory Bureau of the National Financial Regulatory Administration.

      3. The financial data of the Bank of Jiangsu was extracted from the 2023 Third Quarterly Report of Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. announced by it.




087
                                         Financial Report and                                   Corporate Governance                                    Operating Analysis                                About Us                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                                          and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VIII) Structured entities controlled by the Company

          The structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly refer to the asset management plans with the
          Group as the manager and/or the investor. The Group carries out a comprehensive assessment of whether
          the Group will be significantly affected by variable returns due to the return which the Group is entitled to for
          the shares held by it and its remuneration as the manager of the asset management plan, and according
          to which, determines whether the Group is the main responsible party for the asset management plan.
          As at December 31, 2023, the Group has consolidated 59 structured entities with its total assets reaching
          RMB94,908,427,464.24. The book value of the equity of the above consolidated structured entities held by
          the Group amounted to RMB86,407,699,870.60. In 2023, the Group did not provide financial assistance to the
          above structured entities.

          (IX) Other information

          1. Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

          (1) Establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period

          For details of the establishment and disposal of subsidiaries by the Company during the Reporting Period,
          please refer to Note 24 to the financial statements of this report headed “Investments in subsidiaries”.

          (2) Change in equity interests of Huatai United Securities during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai United Securities completed the industrial and commercial registration
          modification for change in equity interests, and the Company acquired 0.0812% equity interests in Huatai
          United Securities held by China Eastern Air Holding Company Limited, another shareholder of Huatai United
          Securities. At present, the percentage of equity interests of Huatai United Securities held by the Company
          has changed to 100%.

          2. The establishment and disposal of the Company’s securities branch offices and securities
          branches during the Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company relocated one securities branch office, and no securities branch
          offices were newly established or cancelled; 1 securities branch was newly established, 2 securities branches
          were cancelled and 25 securities branches were relocated.

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 28 securities branch offices and 242 securities
          branches. For details, please refer to “Appendix II: List of Branch Offices and Securities Branches” in this
          report.


          (1) Relocation of securities branch offices during the Reporting Period

          No.     Name of branches       Address after relocation                                   Issue Date of License

                                         -3#, Shop No. 101, 1/F, the Annex Building and Nos.
                  Jiangxi Branch of      1603, 1604, 1605, 1606 and 1607, 16/F, the Office Building,
          1                                                                                          January 30, 2023
                  Huatai Securities      Publication Center, No. 95 Lijing Road, Honggutan
                                         District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi Province, the PRC


          (2) Newly established securities branches during the Reporting Period

          No.    Name of Securities Branches       Address                                          Issue Date of License

                 Securities Branch of Huatai       No. D1003, 10/F (inside 101), 1/F, Building 1,
          1      Securities in Tianchen East       No. 1 Yard, Tianchen East Road, Chaoyang         December 4, 2023
                 Road, Beijing                     District, Beijing




088
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(3) Cancelled securities branches during the Reporting Period


                                                                                       Date of Cancellation
No.     Name of Securities Branches             Address                                of License

        Securities Branch of Huatai Securities No. 225, Shennong Avenue, Songbai
1                                                                                      August 30, 2023
        in Shennong Avenue, Shennongjia        Town, Shennongjia Forestry District

        Securities Branch of Huatai Securities No. 63(C), Chenghe Road, Funing
2                                                                                      October 11, 2023
        in Chenghe Road, Funing, Yancheng County


                                                                                                                               About Us
(4) Relocation of securities branches during the Reporting Period


    Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                               Issue Date
No. relocation                relocation                          Address after relocation           of License

      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     Room 801, No. 301 Zhongshan
                                                                                                     February 15,
1     Securities in Yushi Street, Securities in Zhongshan         East Road, Xuanwu District,
                                                                                                     2023


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
      Nanjing                     East Road, Nanjing              Nanjing City

                                                                  Rooms 901, 902, 903, 911, 912,


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  9/F, Weiya Building, No. 29
2     Securities in Suzhou Street, Securities in Suzhou Street,                                      April 7, 2023
                                                                  Suzhou Street, Haidian District,
      Beijing                      Beijing
                                                                  Beijing

                                                                  101S & 102S, Block 2, Vanke
                                                                  Times Square, Shangjing
      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     Community, Longcheng
3     Securities in Longgang      Securities in Longgang          Subdistrict, Longgang District,    April 17, 2023




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
      Avenue, Shenzhen            Avenue, Shenzhen                Shenzhen City (at the junction
                                                                  of Longgang Avenue and
                                                                  Longcheng Avenue)

                                                                  Room 3-1, 1/F and Room 20, 3/
      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                  F, Building 3, Yujing Mansion,     April 21,
4     Securities in Heilongjiang  Securities in Heilongjiang
                                                                  No. 8 Heilongjiang North Road,     2023
      North Road, Kunshan         North Road, Kunshan
                                                                  Kunshan Development Zone

                                                                Units 04 and 05, 70/F, Ping
      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai An Finance Center, No. 5033
                                                                                                April 23,



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
5     Securities in Zhuzilin 4th  Securities in Ping An Finance Yitian Road, Fu’an Community,
                                                                                                2023
      Road, Shenzhen              Center, Shenzhen              Futian Street, Futian District,
                                                                Shenzhen City




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                                 South Side of 1/F, Block
                                                                 A1, Jiangning Jiulonghu
      The Third Securities Branch   Securities Branch of Huatai International Corporate
                                                                 Headquarters Park, No. 19
6     of Huatai Securities in       Securities in Suyuan Avenue,                                     May 5, 2023
                                                                 Suyuan Avenue, Jiangning
      Zhongyang Road, Nanjing       Jiangning District, Nanjing
                                                                 Economic and Technological
                                                                 Development Zone, Nanjing
                                                                 City

      Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     2/F, Building 3, No. 288
7     Securities in Jingang South Securities in Yongding East     Yongding East Road, Taizhou        May 5, 2023
      Road, Gaogang, Taizhou      Road, Taizhou                   City




                                                                                                                      089
 HUATAI SECURITIES




              Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                             Issue Date
          No. relocation                relocation                         Address after relocation          of License

                                                                          No. 318 (Gate 1) and No. 320
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                          (Annex Building 201), Qingnian     June 6,
          8    Securities in Qingnian      Securities in Qingnian Street,
                                                                          Street, Heping District,           2023
               Street, Shenyang            Shenyang
                                                                          Shenyang City

                                                                        A103-A111, 1/F and A205-A208,
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai 2/F, Tower A, Huigu Building, No.
                                                                                                         June 12,
          9    Securities in Shouyi Road,  Securities in Gaoxin Avenue, 768 Gaoxin Avenue, Donghu
                                                                                                         2023
               Wuhan                       Wuhan                        New Technology Development
                                                                        Zone, Wuhan City

               Securities Branch of          Securities Branch of
                                                                           Rooms 3205 and 3206, No. 307
               Huatai Securities in Middle   Huatai Securities in Middle
          10                                                               Middle Guangzhou Avenue,        July 7, 2023
               Guangzhou Avenue,             Guangzhou Avenue,
                                                                           Yuexiu District, Guangzhou City
               Guangzhou                     Guangzhou

                                                                           Room 101-2-1, Financial and
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     Insurance Building, South Side
          11   Securities in Beijing North Securities in Yongkang          of Suzhou Road and West Side July 12, 2023
               Road, Shuyang               Road, Shuyang, Suqian           of Yongkang Road, Shuyang
                                                                           County, Suqian City

               Securities Branch of Huatai   Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           3/F, No. 1229 Century Avenue,
               Securities in Century         Securities in Century                                           September
          12                                                               China (Shanghai) Pilot Free
               Avenue, Pudong New            Avenue, Pudong New                                              7, 2023
                                                                           Trade Zone
               District, Shanghai            District, Shanghai

                                                                           No. 353, 1/F of No. 355, 1/F of
                                                                           No. 357, 1/F of No. 359, Tiyu
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           Road, Qiandao Street, Dinghai     October 13,
          13   Securities in Jiefang East  Securities in Tiyu Road,
                                                                           District, Zhoushan City, China    2023
               Road, Zhoushan              Zhoushan
                                                                           (Zhejiang) Pilot Free Trade
                                                                           Zone

                                                                           Rooms 2201-2212 & 2501-2512,
               Securities Branch of Huatai   Securities Branch of Huatai   Building A, Rongchao Business
               Securities in Rongchao        Securities in Rongchao        Center, No. 6003 Yitian Road,     October 16,
          14
               Business Center, Yitian       Business Center, Yitian       Fuxin Community, Lianhua          2023
               Road, Shenzhen                Road, Shenzhen                Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
                                                                           City

               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     No. 236, South Street, Zhifu
                                                                                                             November
          15   Securities in Jinhua Street, Securities in South Street,    District, Yantai City, Shandong
                                                                                                             17, 2023
               Yantai                       Yantai                         Province

                                                                           1/F, Building 5, Commercial
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai     Building of Yiyuan Shijia, No.
                                                                                                             November
          16   Securities in Huaining Road, Securities in Xiyou Road,      888 Xiyou Road, Bijiashan
                                                                                                             20, 2023
               Hefei                        Hefei                          Street, Shushan District, Hefei
                                                                           City, Anhui Province

                                                                           Rooms 131-133, 236-237, 239,
               Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                           241, 243, Hengyu Building,   November
          17   Securities in Guyang Middle Securities in Guyang Middle
                                                                           Guyang Middle Avenue, Dantu 22, 2023
               Avenue, Dantu, Zhenjiang    Avenue, Dantu, Zhenjiang
                                                                           District, Zhenjiang City




090
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
    Name of the branch before Name of the branch after                                                   Issue Date
No. relocation                relocation                           Address after relocation              of License

     Securities Branch of Huatai   Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                   103, 1/F and 403, 404, 405, 4/F,
     Securities in International   Securities in International                                           November
18                                                                 No. 87 Xisanhuan North Road,
     Finance and Economy           Finance and Economy                                                   22, 2023
                                                                   Haidian District, Beijing
     Center, Xisanhuan, Beijing    Center, Xisanhuan, Beijing

                                                              Room 301, 3/F, Block C, Juxin

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai International, No. 331 Changzhi

                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                              Road, Xuefu Industrial Park,   November
19   Securities in Tiyu Road,    Securities in Changzhi Road,
                                                              Shanxi Transformation          24, 2023
     Taiyuan                     Taiyuan
                                                              Comprehensive Reform
                                                              Demonstration Zone

                                                                   1#1708-1715, Area E of Blue
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai       Kangqiao, South of Huibin
                                                                                                         December
20   Securities in Shiyou Street, Securities in Huibin Street,     Street and East of Xiangdao
                                                                                                         6, 2023
     Panjin                       Panjin                           Road, Xinglongtai District,



                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                   Panjin City, Liaoning Province

     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai       101B, No. 15 Financial First Street,
                                                                                                        December

                                                                                                                             and Strategies
21   Securities in Financial First Securities in Financial First   Taihu Street, Binhu District,
                                                                                                        7, 2023
     Street, Wuxi                  Street, Wuxi                    Wuxi City

                                                                   (1509, 1510, 1511) 15/F, Unit (1)1,
                                                                   North Zone, Financial Business
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai       District, Zone B, Zhongtian
                                                                                                         December
22   Securities in Zhonghua      Securities in Changling           Exhibition City, Changling
                                                                                                         19, 2023
     North Road, Guiyang         North Road, Guiyang               North Road, Guanshanhu




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                   District, Guiyang City, Guizhou
                                                                   Province

                                                               Nos.107 & 305, Kailin
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai Building, No. 99 Ruyi West
                                                                                             December
23   Securities in Zijingshan    Securities in Ruyi West Road, Road, Zhengzhou District
                                                                                             21, 2023
     Road, Zhengzhou             Zhengzhou                     (Zhengdong), Henan Pilot Free
                                                               Trade Zone

                                                                   Units 101 (inside 102), 201, 1-2/
     Securities Branch of Huatai Securities Branch of Huatai
                                                                   F, Building 27, Dongsanhuan       December
24   Securities in Dongsanhuan Securities in Dongsanhuan



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                                                   North Road, Chaoyang District, 27, 2023
     North Road, Beijing         North Road, Beijing
                                                                   Beijing

                                                                   Room 1701, Building 1,
     Securities Branch of Huatai   Securities Branch of Huatai



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                                   Changning International
     Securities in Fushan Road,    Securities in Kaixuan                                                 December
25                                                                 Development Plaza, No. 1388
     Pudong New District,          Road, Changning District,                                             27, 2023
                                                                   Kaixuan Road, Changning
     Shanghai                      Shanghai
                                                                   District, Shanghai




3. Standardization of accounts such as unqualified accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
disposal accounts, and pure fund accounts

As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 3,971 unqualified securities accounts, 3,784 judicially frozen
securities accounts, 83,004 risk disposal securities accounts, and 749,327 pure capital accounts.




                                                                                                                      091
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Account standardization has reached the following quality standards: (1) Except for restricted use of
          dormant securities accounts, remaining unqualified securities accounts, judicially frozen accounts, risk
          disposal accounts, etc., the accounts engaging in normal trading activities are all qualified accounts. (2)
          Regular comparison of funds and securities account information was made to verify the consistency of key
          information such as customer names and numbers to prevent the addition of unqualified accounts. Key
          information inconsistencies due to special circumstances such as differences in information rules between
          the depository bank and the registered company or unusual word processing have been explained on a
          case-by-case basis.

          Relevant measures for long-term and standardized management of accounts: (1) The daily management
          of accounts was strengthened and the real-name system requirements for account business was strictly
          implemented. Through face recognition technology, combined with ID card readers, public security
          network verification, mobile phone number verification by relevant operator, the Group has strengthened
          investor identity information identification, continued to innovate account management measures and
          improve standard long-term management mechanisms of accounts. (2) Based on the construction of the
          Company’s comprehensive account management system, the Group has solidified the service support
          capabilities of its operation stack. The Group continuously optimized its integrated management platform of
          customers’ basic information and its integrated agreement management platform, upgraded customers’
          file management system, strengthened the management of business handling files of customer accounts
          through Internet channels, and continued to do its best in the physical and electronic management of
          customer account business files.



          III. DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF THE COMPANY’S FUTURE DEVELOPMENT

          (I) Competition landscape and trend of the industry

          At present, China is under a period of historical convergence of a new round of technological revolution,
          industrial evolution and development mode transformation of the economy, featured by the advanced
          promotion of the new dual-circulated growth pattern, the improved infrastructure system in the capital
          market and the better-established multi-level capital market structure and function. Bases on the policy
          orientation to vitalize the capital market, boost investors’ confidence, thanks to multiple policies and
          measures that were rolled out to deepen the comprehensive registration system and make reforms in the
          investment side, financing side and trading side of the market, the pivotal function of the capital market
          will play a greater role in supporting the independent and strong development of high-standard science
          and technology and the construction of a modern industrial system, and better serve the real economy for
          quality development. The securities industry will embrace a new round of transformation opportunities for
          development. Meanwhile, the development of domestic and overseas financial markets still faces various
          complexities and uncertainties, which will also bring new challenges to the steady development of the
          securities industry.

          First, the comprehensive deepening of the reform of the capital market will push the securities industry
          into a new stage of high-quality development. With the in-depth promotion of a new round of reform
          and opening-up initiatives in China’s capital market, the multi-layered capital market system continues
          to improve and the market structure continues to optimize. The market development ecology has been
          profoundly transformed, leaving broad development potential for the capital market and the securities
          industry, which will play a more critical role in optimizing the financing model of enterprises, promoting the
          transformation and upgrading of industries, and improving the efficiency of resource allocation. Guided by
          the policies of differentiated and classified supervision, including building first-class investment banks and
          investment institutions, and optimizing risk control indexes of securities companies, high-quality securities
          companies with support will embrace an effectively expanded room for capital, whose efficiency of capital
          utilization will be enhanced, and such companies will become better and stronger through business
          innovation, organization innovation, M&A and restructuring by constantly gathering quality resources,
          strengthening their advantageous position and enhancing their comprehensive service capability at




092
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
cross-markets by offering full-cycle services in all product categories. Small and medium-sized securities
companies will rely on their own shareholders’ background, regional advantages and other resource
endowments and professional capabilities, thus achieving specialized and differentiated development.

Second, FINTECH empowerment and digital transformation will facilitate the reform of the business
operation model of the securities industry. Currently, FINTECH development in the securities industry has
entered a critical period, reflected by the fact that the accelerated development of artificial intelligence
technology represented by generative AI is changing the business form of financial services, and the
securities industry has stepped into a new period in which the technology-empowered business takes
further revolution and the digital transformation develops in full swing, leaving much room for digital finance.


                                                                                                                            About Us
Under the background of the continuous enrichment and popularization of FINTECH and digital application
scenarios, the use of FINTECH to comprehensively empower and lead the development of business, improve
the efficiency of operation and management and the level of customer service, and expand the scope of
business and market share will have an all-around impact on the change and innovation of the business
model of securities companies. Work to implement comprehensive digital transformation strategy, develop
FINTECH in line with business value enhancement, deepen the integration and co-creation of FINTECH
and business development, fully unleash differentiated value creativity with technology and explore new
competitive advantages in the market to provide multi-faceted, journey-type professional accompanying
services covering the entire life cycle for customers will become the core driving force for securities


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
companies to build their strength in comprehensive financial services and to foster the growth point of the
innovation model.


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Third, strengthening risk management capability will become an important strategic pivot point for the
securities industry to pursue steady and long-term growth. As the business system of the securities industry
continues to expand, the volume of customers to increase, and the mode of information dissemination to
change, risk dissemination is increasingly invisible and uncontrollable, representing new challenges to the
risk management of securities companies. Given the currently complex and volatile environment internally
and externally and overall strengthened financial supervision to effectively prevent and defuse financial
risks, more attention has been given to the prevention and control of financial risks, and the role of the




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
securities industry in safeguarding the smooth operation and healthy development of the financial market
and capital market has become more important. The key for securities companies to build differentiated
competitive advantages is to strengthen precise risk management and control in major areas, cement
a solid foundation for a group-based risk management system, and focus on building a future-
oriented comprehensive risk management structure and management mechanism that is in line with its
development strategy and business development. It is important for securities companies to continue
to strengthen the early identification, early warning, early exposure and early settlement of risks, improve
the long-term mechanism of cross-market, cross-industry and cross-border risk prevention and control,
upgrade the integrated risk management system, and constantly improve the risk governance capability.

(II) The Company’s development strategy



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
1. Strategic vision: Striving to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and
global influence.




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
2. Values and operation philosophy: By adhering to the core values of “high efficiency, integrity, stability
and innovation” and committing to the operation philosophy of “One Client” internally and “One Huatai”
externally, to be accountable to all clients, shareholders, staff and society to achieve harmony and unity.

3. Strategic orientation: By adhering to the development philosophy of serving the country and people as
a financial institution and the idea of customer-orientation, focusing on its principal business of capital
market services, the Group adheres to the right path and seeks for innovation, pursuing advancement in
the course of revolution, and devoting efforts to creating a brand-new business model of two-pronged,
cross-border linkage and ecological interaction of wealth management and institutional services with
technology empowerment; implementing a differentiated competitive tactic of “investment banking gene
+ full business chain” to build core competitiveness of future-oriented and cycle-spanning digital and
intelligent development and develop significant leading edge and brand influence in key customer groups,




                                                                                                                   093
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          key industries and key regions with an commitment to being a pioneer of industry reform and innovation
          and a promoter of sustainable development; maintaining its industry-leading position in terms of quality
          development, better performing the strategic responsibilities to serve the quality development of the real
          economy and finance, facilitate the construction of modern industry system and create professional an
          social value.

          (III) Business operation plan

          Please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

          (IV) The Company’s capital needs to sustain the current business and complete the
          ongoing investment projects

          During the Reporting Period, all businesses of the Company were carried out in an orderly manner. The
          capital-based intermediary business and the investment and trading business are capital-intensive
          businesses with a huge capital demand and change with market fluctuations. The Company continuously
          enhances capital management, improves the efficiency in resources allocation, constantly diversifies
          financing varieties, expands financing channels and reasonably arranges financing maturity to guarantee
          the capital needs for various businesses. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total balance of onshore
          and offshore long-term and short-term borrowings, bonds payable, short-term financing funds payable,
          placement from other financial institutions and financial assets sold under repurchase agreements of
          the Company was RMB381.010 billion. The Company will continue to enhance onshore and offshore capital
          management and select appropriate financing instruments to raise funds based on the needs in business
          development. It will continue to explore new financing varieties and methods, improve the financing
          capability and optimize the capital structure of the Company to guarantee the fund demand for business
          development.

          (V) Potential risks

          1. Overview of risk management

          The Company attached great importance to risk management. According to regulatory requirements
          and the actual situation of business development, the Company established a relatively comprehensive
          overall risk management system based on the core concepts of full staff engagement, full coverage
          and full penetration. The Company has a solid and effective risk management framework with clearly
          defined responsibilities and staff at all levels performing their duties effectively; the Company worked
          out a risk appetite and tolerance system, which is organically integrated with the development strategy,
          and established a multi-level comprehensive risk management system covering all aspects of business
          operation and management; in addition, the Company vigorously promoted the construction of group-wide
          risk-management technology system and established centralized, time-based, quantitative and penetrable
          pillars for risk management technologies, to improve the effectiveness of risk management of the Group
          and further strengthen the Group’s overall risk identification, quantitative evaluation and risk control
          capabilities. The Company incorporated its subsidiaries into the overall risk management system of the
          Group, explored the construction of effective risk management model for subsidiaries, vigorously deepened
          the management mindset of centralized and unified professional risk lines on a look through basis, and
          built a professional risk management system. The overall risk management system of the Company ran
          effectively, which earnestly guaranteed the continuous and healthy development of various businesses of
          the Company.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company comprehensively promoted its risk management efforts
          by focusing on in-depth penetration of business risk control, consolidation of the foundation of the
          risk management system, and acceleration of digitization-enabled risk management. The Company
          strengthened the assessment and control of key investment and trading businesses, built up risk
          management capabilities that penetrate into the essence of the business, moved risk identification and
          prevention and control measures forward, and enhanced the ability to respond to emergencies in the event




094
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
of a risk incident. The Company has upgraded and perfected various special risk management systems and
tools to form a new ecosystem of comprehensive risk management system and enhance the effectiveness
of risk management and control in the whole process. With technology-driven approach and data analysis
as the means, the Company has continued to rely on platforms to accumulate risk management ideas and
experience, and improved the quality and efficiency of risk management with digital empowerment.


2. Risk management structure




                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                      Board of Directors

                                                                                                Supervisory
                                                                                                Committee

     Chief Risk Officer                             Senior Management




                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                             Other
      Risk         Capital    Information     Strategic   Professional        Other         All            All
   Management     Operation   Technology    Development       Risk
                                                                           Departments   Branches      Subsidiaries
   Department    Department   Department    Department    Management
                                                          Department




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
The risk management organizational structure of the Company covers five major parts: the Board and
Compliance and Risk Management Committee; Supervisory Committee; the Senior Management and
Risk Control Committee; Risk Management Department and various professional risk management
departments; other departments, branches and subsidiaries.

The Board is ultimately responsible for the overall risk management and is responsible for reviewing and
approving the basic system relating to the overall risk management of the Company, approving the risk
appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits of the Company, and reviewing periodic risk assessment
reports of the Company. The Compliance and Risk Management Committee is set up by the Board to
undertake risk management responsibilities including reviewing and making recommendations on overall



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
risk management targets and fundamental policies; evaluating and making recommendations on the risks
of major decisions which require the Board’s review, as well as the solutions to these risks; reviewing and
making recommendations on risk assessment reports which require the Board’s review.




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
The Supervisory Committee of the Company is responsible for supervising overall risk management,
supervising and inspecting the Board and the senior management on the performance of their duties of
risk management, and urging them to make rectifications. Based on the authorization and approval of the
Board and the operation objectives of the Company, the senior management is specifically responsible
for the implementation of risk management and assumes the primary responsibility for overall risk
management. Upon authorization of the senior management, the Risk Control Committee under the senior
management is mainly responsible for the decision-making on risk management matters in the course of
operation and authorizing on risk undertakings in various business lines. Chief risk officer of the Company is
responsible for leading the overall risk management of the Company.

The Company appoints the risk management department to perform the overall risk management duties
and take the lead in managing the market risk, credit risk and operational risk of the Company; appoints




                                                                                                                      095
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the capital operation department to take the lead in managing the liquidity risk of the Company; appoints
          the information technology department to take the lead in managing the information technology risk
          of the Company; and appoints the strategic development department to take the lead in managing
          the reputation risk of the Company. Other departments, branches and subsidiaries of the Company are
          responsible for the management of various risks in their respective lines, implementing various policies,
          procedures and measures formulated by the Company and various leading professional risk management
          departments, accepting guidance from various leading risk management departments and assigning the
          risk management duties and implementation responsibilities. The audit department incorporates overall
          risk management into the audit scope, makes independent and objective review and evaluation on the
          adequacy and effectiveness of overall risk management, and is responsible for taking the lead or entrusting
          external professional institutions to evaluate the overall risk management system of the Company regularly.

          3. Market Risk

          Market risk refers to the risk of asset loss of the Company resulting from fluctuations in risk factors, including
          stock prices, interest rates, exchange rates and commodities.

          During the Reporting Period, the global capital market fluctuated significantly due to various factors such
          as the expected changes in the interest rate hikes by the Federal Reserve and geopolitical conflicts. The
          Company adhered to the concept of value creation through trading and risk control through hedging,
          actively controlled its risk exposure and managed the market risk of holding assets through various risks
          control measures. The Company continuously optimized the unified risk limitation system , evaluated risks
          of new businesses in a timely manner and controlled business risks from various aspects, such as Market
          Value at Risk (VAR), stop-loss, stress testing, sensitivity, etc. The Company continued to improve its stress
          testing system and regularly calculated the impacts of various extreme risks , identified and evaluated tail
          risk resilience. In respect of investments in equity securities, the Company actively managed risk exposures
          through various hedge manners to avoid significant market fluctuations. While ensuring the downside
          risks of assets controllable, the Company actively explored trading opportunities and paid attention to
          the market liquidity of investment targets and high diversification of asset positions. In respect of fixed-
          income securities investment, the Company effectively hedged market risk with interest rate derivatives
          and adjusted the position structure to respond to the impacts of interest rate fluctuations on the term
          and structure of investment portfolios, and actively sought opportunities for pricing deviations to enhance
          overall income while controlling overall duration, basis point value and VAR value. In respect of derivatives
          business, the Company adopted market neutral strategy for the OTC derivatives business and controlled
          the Greeks values (such as Delta, Gamma, Vega, etc.) exposure risks within acceptable limits. It created
          profit opportunities with risks under control.

          Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the Company
                                                                                                               Currency: RMB

          Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method; Unit (Ten Thousand Yuan)
                                                             The Company                           The Group

                                                          As at the     As at the            As at the           As at the
                                                        end of 2023   end of 2022          end of 2023         end of 2022

          Equity-sensitive Financial
                                                              7,448          3,365                11,140             10,939
          Instruments

          Interest-sensitive Financial
                                                             4,092            4,172               4,147                5,115
          Instruments

          Commodity-sensitive
                                                               989            304                  957                 407
          Financial Instruments

          Overall Portfolio Risk Value                        7,731          5,977                10,821              10,381

          Source: Internal statistics of the Company.




096
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
During the Reporting Period, Sequence Descriptive Statistics of Market Value at Risk (VAR) of the
Company
                                                                                                     Currency: RMB

Forward-looking Period: 1 day; Confidence: 95%; Historical Analogical Method; Unit (Ten Thousand Yuan)
                                              At the beginning    At the end of    Maximum             Minimum
                                                  of the period      the period        value               value

The Group                                                10,381          10,821        19,779               7,983

The Company                                              5,977            7,731        15,878              5,892

Source: Internal statistics of the Company.                                                                                   About Us


4. Credit risk

Credit risk refers to the risk of loss of the Company resulting from the default of borrowers or bond issuer or
counterparty (customer).

With respect to credit risk management of financing business, the Group implemented stringent control


                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
measures through continuous monitoring for risky customers and risky assets and timely risk mitigation.
The Company intensified the dynamic counter-cyclical adjustment mechanism and established a market



                                                                                                                            and Strategies
systemic risk monitoring and handling mechanism, in order to control routine business risks, prevent
bottom-line risks and flexibly adjust the business structure. With respect to credit risk management of
issuers, the Company established a monitoring and analysis platform for issuers to realize the unified control
of credit bond targets for the Company’s various businesses. In the meantime, the Company deepened
the credit bonds’ risk management and control framework in the whole process, established a screening
and disposal mechanism of normalization for risky securities, and continuously to strengthen the analysis
and early warning mechanism of bond positions, thereby enhancing the effectiveness of the Company’s
prevention and control capabilities of credit risk. With respect to credit risk management of counterparties,




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
the Company constantly promoted the optimization construction of the unified management system for
counterparties, and further strengthened counterparties’ credit management in accordance with internal
and external public sentiment to strictly control tail risks. For guaranteed settlement business, the Company
continued to improve the front-end control of risk indicator design and promoted the establishment
of systematic measures, as well as strengthened its risk event handling and risk transmission control
capabilities. The Company continued to optimize and improve its unified credit risk management system
and deepened the control over the whole process of business, in order to enhance its ability to cope with
the complex external credit environment and provide strong risk control guarantee for the development of
various credit businesses. During the Reporting Period, the Company did not experience any major credit risk
events, and its businesses operated smoothly.




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
5. Liquidity risk

Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company cannot obtain sufficient funds at reasonable costs in time
to repay due debts, perform other payment obligations and meet the capital requirements for carrying out



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
ordinary businesses.

The Company has always attached importance to liquidity safety, preferred a “sound and safe” liquidity risk
preference, followed the general principle of comprehensiveness, importance, applicability, effectiveness,
prudence and foresight, and continued to strengthen the identification, measurement, monitoring and
control mechanisms of liquidity risks through a management model of centralized management and
hierarchical prevention and control, to improve the Company’s liquidity risk management capability. On
the basis of controlling overall liquidity risks, the Company identified potential liquidity risks of all business
lines by regular analysis of existing liquidity risk and ad-hoc new business assessment and proposed
targeted control measures. The Company has established a liquidity indicator analysis framework including
cash flow, and appropriately set risk limits and implemented daily monitoring through the information
technology system, to improve the monitoring frequency and control level of liquidity risks. At the same




                                                                                                                     097
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          time, the Company continued to improve the capital planning system by strengthening capital position
          management and establishing a liquidity daytime monitoring system to keep abreast of capital usage in
          business and day-time payment progress in a timely manner, so as to strengthen the control over day-
          time liquidity risk, further moving forward the frontline of liquidity risk prevention and control. The Company
          regularly and occasionally conducted special stress tests on liquidity risks to assess the Company’s liquidity
          risk tolerance under stress from the perspective of cash flow and liquidity indicators, and took targeted
          measures to improve the Company’s liquidity risk resilience. In order to ensure that liquidity needs can be
          met in a timely manner under stress, the Company has established high-quality liquid asset reserve of an
          appropriate scale based on risk preferences. At the same time, it has expanded its debt financing channels
          and quotas from multiple perspectives, continued to expand the scope of counter-parties and optimized
          the structure of bond investors, and continued to improve the Company’s regular and emergency financing
          capabilities. The Company developed liquidity risk emergency plans and carried out regular drills to
          continuously optimize the liquidity emergency response mechanism based on the Company’s situation.
          In addition, the Company leveraged the consolidation supervision to strengthen the subsidiary liquidity
          risk management, in particularly to conduct vertical management on its Hong Kong subsidiaries with
          emphasizes on their liquidity management, to improve the subsidiaries’ response capability to liquidity risks
          and the Group’s prevention and control of overall liquidity risks. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s
          liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding ratio (NSFR) continued to remain at a level that can
          meet regulatory requirements and far beyond the safety requirements.

          6. Operational risks

          Operational risk refers to risk on the Company’s losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal
          procedures, personnel, systems or external events.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to optimize its operational risk management
          mechanism to enhance the effectiveness of risk assessment analysis, monitoring and early warning, and
          made sustained efforts in expanding the coverage of management to a deeper level. Leveraging on special
          assessment and inspection, the Company focused on the backtracking self-test and inspection of key
          institutions, key business segments and new business development, and strengthened the testing of the
          effectiveness of control measures. With operational risk management tools, the Company deepened its
          communication and analysis mechanism with subsidiaries, strengthened the identification of operational
          risk points and weak points in control, and enhanced the quality of problem discovery and risk prevention.
          It intensified control over business process with the idea the work should be driven by a platform-based
          process, which in turn would improve the management mechanism. It worked to enhance the business
          continuity management system by means of emergency drills, reinforce the construction of emergency
          response and coordination capacity to ensure that the Group’s key resources are available and effective.

          7. Compliance risk

          Compliance risk refers to exposure to property loss or business reputation loss as a result of bearing
          legal responsibility, supervisory measures or disciplinary sanctions imposed on securities companies
          due to violation of laws, regulations and standards by operational management or professional conduct
          performed by securities companies or their employees.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to optimize its compliance management system in
          terms of mechanism, concept and approach, and endeavored to build up a core competitive advantage in
          compliance. It comprehensively promoted the ability development of digital compliance and stereoscopic
          compliance system, built a base for professional and efficient digital compliance capacity, and further
          enhanced the self-research level for core systems. It strengthened business synergy in support of business
          innovation and enhanced understanding of business nature to facilitate the stable implementation of new
          business and new models. The Company further established the lawyer team to raise the execution quality
          of cases agency and litigation preservation; continuously strengthened the management and control of
          employees’ practice behavior and improved the management mechanism of employees’ investment
          behavior by carrying out warning education and compliance culture construction for all employees in key
          lines and positions, enhancing internal monitoring and self-inspection and self-correction by technical




098
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
means, optimizing the closed-loop accountability mechanism and ensuring that non-compliant behavior
will be handled strictly, so as to realize more “rigorous” management of the personnel; made double efforts
in compliance inspections to focus on key business and key segments and follow up on the implementation
of corrections; improved the Group’s integrated compliance management mechanism, especially for
overseas subsidiaries, and strengthened compliance synergy and control among Group members; and
continuously enhanced the capacity building of the compliance personnel team to enhance the ability to
create compliance value.

8. Money laundering risk

Money laundering risk refer to the risk from the utilization of the Company’s products or services by criminals
to engage in money laundering activities, terrorist financing and other activities, which lead to negative                 About Us
effects on the Company’s reputation, compliance, operation and other aspects.

During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to fulfill the obligations of financial institutions in
anti-money laundering and anti-terrorist financing based on the principle of “risk based approach”,
implemented requirements under laws, regulations and relevant regulatory provisions, incorporated money
laundering risks into the comprehensive risk management system, further optimized the money laundering
risk management policies, control measures and procedures, organized and carried out the work of



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
customer due diligence, preservation of customer identification information and transaction records,
classification and categorized management of customer money laundering risk, reporting of suspicious
transactions, monitoring on money laundering and sanctioning risk lists and etc., and continued to push


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
forward the digital compliance-enabled anti-money laundering and improve the monitoring system
of suspicious transactions, so as to enhance the ability of smart management and control of the anti-
money laundering work. It simultaneously carried out various forms of anti-money laundering publicity and
training to strengthen internal supervision and inspection and continuously improve the management work
on money laundering risk. Meanwhile, the Company responded to the new regulatory requirements in a
timely manner, improved the internal control mechanism of anti-telecom fraud and utilized scientific and
technological means to empower the work of anti-telecom fraud.




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
9. Information technology risk

Information technology risk refers to exposure to losses caused by the failure of the network and information
system to ensure the stable, efficient and safe operation of transaction and business management in terms
of business realization, timely response, solving capacity and network and data security, resulting from
service capability abnormality or data damage and leakage out of internal or external reasons.

During the Reporting Period, the Company continuously improved the information technology risk
management mechanism, strengthened risk prevention and control in key areas of information technology,
carried out in-depth risk monitoring and early warning, continued to strengthen the screening and
remediation of hidden dangers, and solidly promoted the publicity of risk culture, so as to further enhance




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
the effectiveness of information technology risk management. The Company implemented the network
security accountability system and established a sound network and information security technology
guarantee system. The Company has formulated and continuously improved its contingency plan for
information system emergencies and regularly organized drills. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
important information system was operated safely and stably without the occurrence of major information
technology risk events.

10. Reputational risk

Reputational risk refers to the risk of negative publicity from investors, issuers, regulators, self-regulatory
organizations, the public and the media on the Company due to its actions or external events and violations
of integrity regulations, professional ethics, business norms and conventions by its staff, thereby damaging
its brand value, disadvantaging its normal operation, and even affecting the market stability and social
stability.

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s reputational risk management mechanism was running




                                                                                                                  099
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          steadily without occurrence of any significant reputational risk events. The Company amended the rules in
          relation to reputational risk. Focusing on its strategy and key business, the Company continued to intensify
          its precaution, monitoring and handling of reputational risks, which created a good public sentiment for the
          Company’s development. At the same time, the Company continued to strengthen group management,
          prior management and fast response mechanisms, further enhancing its awareness on preventing and the
          ability on response to reputational risk.

          11. Model risk

          Model risk refers to the risk of adverse consequence or loss to the Company’s businesses resulting from
          incorrect or inappropriate model design, development or use.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to improve risk management mechanisms based
          on the life cycle of model and constantly promoted model risk management and control by approaches
          and measures including model validation, assessment and monitoring during events. The Company
          continuously developed and improved the model risk management system adaptive to its own business
          development while optimizing the functions of model information database, and improved the platform
          construction of model validation and evaluation processes. During the Reporting Period, the Company had
          no major model risk events.

          12. Implementation of overall risk management of the Company during the Reporting Period

          The Company attached great importance to the overall risk management. Adhering to the steady risk
          management culture and with controlling risks, improving efficiency and promoting development as the
          targets of risk management, the Company sticks to the core risk management idea with high engagement,
          full coverage and deep penetration and the management approach of collectivization, specialization and
          platformization and continuously enhances the core competitiveness on risk management.

          For the full coverage of risks, the comprehensive risk management of the Company covers all domestic
          and overseas subsidiaries, branches and business lines for major risk types. The Company established
          a risk management system for subsidiaries by combining centralized management and control and
          hierarchical authorization, raised clear requirements to subsidiaries on issues including the construction
          of the risk management system, risk management policies and indicator system, risk management
          personnel allocation and assessment and risk reports, and set up differentiated and detailed rules for risk
          management. All risk management departments of the Company fulfilled the management responsibility
          on market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, reputational risk and information technology risk
          through in-depth linkage and conducted risk identification, prudent assessment, dynamic monitoring, timely
          reporting and response for all risks and businesses before, during and after each operation.

          For the surveillance of risks, the Company continued to improve the promptness and accurate presentation
          of risk surveillance and analysis. The Company continued to deepen the multi-dimensional and multi-
          layered risk limitation system with top-to-bottom breakdown and bottom-to-top summarization and
          achieved accurate calculation, dynamic monitoring and timely alarming on risk indicators through
          platformization to speed up in realizing integrated and real-time risk monitoring in the Group.

          For the measurement of risks, the Company continuously improved the risk measurement model
          management to develop core technological competitiveness on risk measurement. The Company
          carried out evaluation and verification of valuation model and risk measurement model, and continuously
          perfected and iterated the measurement model and built the bottom of technological competence to
          improve the accuracy of measurement results and provide measurable technological and fundamental
          guarantees for risk management.

          For the analysis of risks, the Company established and improved a multi-level risk reporting system, further
          strengthened the breadth and depth of risk analysis, so as to ensure the timely and effective transfer of risk
          information among various levels and departments. The Company increased investment in pressure test,
          continued to improve the establishment of the pressure test system and systematic functions, enriched
          pressure test factors and scenario library further integrated and consolidated the bottom capability on




100
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
pressure test.

For risk response, the Company has, based on risk monitoring and analysis results, formulated certain
response strategies including risk avoidance, reduction, transfer and tolerance matched with different
risk appetites and established reasonable and effective response mechanisms on asset impairment,
risk hedging, capital supplement, scale adjustment, asset and liability management. At the same time,
the Company developed practical risk and crisis response mechanisms and schemes and continuously
improved them through regular exercises to enhance the capability of the Company on preventing,
reacting and resolving risks. The Company continued to consolidate the systematic implementation of
front-end control and achieve process-based rules and platform-based processes to practically prevent


                                                                                                                                             About Us
risks.

The Company provided sufficient support and protection for its comprehensive risk management in aspects
of cultivating a culture, developing policies, increasing investment, improving the system and recruiting
talents. The Company continued to carry out themed trainings on risk management and risk management
culture publicity activities covering all employees and intensified efforts in the publicity and penetration of
risk management and the depth of reaching among all employees. The Company further implemented
and optimized risk management assessment, giving full play to the guiding role of risk assessment. The
Company established a three-dimensional risk management system covering basic systems, management



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
guidelines and implementation rules and developed a regular evaluation and revision mechanism for
the system, through which the implementation of the system was included into the risk assessment.
The Company attached great importance to risk management and information technology system


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
construction, and implemented guarantees of resources on risk management and the establishment of
systems. It adhered to the concept of digital transformation, accumulated the risk management capability
through systems and platforms and continuously established a cross-border and integrated platform for
risk management with group-wide coverage and deep penetration, empowering the risk management.
The Company intensified its efforts in training and engaging risk management personnel, enabling the risk
management personnel of the Company continuously meet regulatory requirements.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
13. The investment of the Company in compliance risk control during the Reporting Period


The Company’s investments in compliance              The investment of the Company in compliance risk
risk control mainly include: investment              control
                                                                                            Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB
in compliance risk control personnel, the
                                                    80,000                                                 75,711.59
daily operating costs of compliance risk
control and investment in construction of                                                      64,815.59               67,007.28
                                                                CAGR
compliance risk control related systems. In         60,000
                                                                +24.75%
2023, on Parent Company basis, the total                                           45,200.28
investment in compliance risk control of the                             38,731.34




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                                                    40,000
Company amounted to RMB670,072,800.
                                                                22,176.49
                                                    20,000




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
                                                         0
                                                                  2018      2019     2020        2021        2022       2023

                                                             The amount of total investment
                                                     Source: Regular reports of the Company




                                                                                                                                    101
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          14. The investment of the Company in information technology during the Reporting Period


          The Company’s investments in information              The investment of the Company in IT
          technology mainly include: IT capital                                                           Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB

          expenditure, daily expenses for operation            300,000
                                                                                                                    272,407.95
                                                                                                                             257,797.42
          and maintenance of IT, leasing and
                                                               250,000
          depreciation cost of computer rooms,                              CAGR                          222,756.04
                                                                            +18.90%
          circuit leasing cost and remuneration of             200,000                         176,478.19
          IT personnel. In 2023, on Parent Company                                   142,460.61
                                                               150,000
          basis, the total investment in information
                                                                           108,499.71
          technology of the Company amounted to                100,000
          RMB2,577,974,200.
                                                                50,000


                                                                     0
                                                                              2018      2019      2020       2021       2022      2023

                                                                         The amount of total investment
                                                                 Source: Regular reports of the Company


          (VI) Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the
          Company’s dynamic risk control indicators

          1. Establishment of the monitoring and complementary mechanism of the dynamic risk
          control indicators

          The dynamic risk control index monitoring and replenishment mechanism is one of the important measures
          for the Company to control risks. During the Reporting Period, with full data, complete functions and normal
          operation, the dynamic monitoring system for risk control indicators of the Company can effectively support
          the monitoring on the net capital, liquidity and other risk control indicators of the Company. The Company
          solidly promoted the monitoring and alarming on various risk control indicators, continuously improved the
          dynamic monitoring mechanism for risk control indicators mainly based on net capital and liquidity and
          assigned full-time operators to conduct daily monitoring and pre-warning response. With stricter corporate
          monitoring standards as the monitoring threshold based on the regulatory standards and pre-warning
          standards for risk control indicators specified by the CSRC, the Company launched corresponding reporting
          route and response plan according to different pre-warning level and ensured that the net capital, liquidity
          and other risk control indicators always comply with the regulatory requirements. The Company constantly
          optimized the function of the net capital and liquidity dynamic monitoring system to ensure that the
          dynamic monitoring system can effectively support the monitoring of the Company’s net capital, liquidity
          and other risk control indicators.

          The Company has established a dynamic complementary mechanism for net capital and liquidity. The
          Company’s complementary pathways of net capital include but not limited to capital fund raising for
          increase in capital and share, issuance of subordinated bonds, compression of highly-risky investment
          types and scale, and reduction or suspension of profit distribution, etc. The Company’s complementary
          pathways of liquidity include but not limited to external financing (interbank borrowing, bond repurchase,
          corporate bond, short-term corporate bond, subordinated debt, short-term financing bill, income receipts,
          refinancing integrated fund, gold lease, etc.), realization of part of the liquid reserve, control or adjustment of
          business scale, etc.

          2. Conditions of risk control indicators triggering the pre-warning criteria or not conforming to
          the required standards, and corrective measures adopted and rectification effects during the
          Reporting Period

          During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted prospective estimation or pressure tests of risk control
          indicators for profit distribution, capital increase in and guarantee provision to subsidiaries, engagement




102
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
in new businesses and other major events. The above-mentioned matters were implemented under the
condition that the analysis and test results meet the regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period,
main risk control indicators of the Company were all in line with the regulatory requirements, and there were
no such circumstances where the risk control indicators violated the pre-warning standards or were not in
compliance with the provided standards.



IV. THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES IN THE COMPANY’S FAILURE
TO MAKE DISCLOSURE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE STANDARDS DUE

                                                                                                                             About Us
TO INAPPLICABILITY OF THE STANDARDS REQUIREMENTS OR SPECIAL
REASONS INCLUDING NATIONAL SECRETS AND TRADE SECRETS


V. OTHER DISCLOSURES

(I) Share capital


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
For the Company’s share capital for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the details of changes therein,
please refer to “Changes in Shares and Shareholders” in this report.


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
(II) Arrangement of pre-emptive rights
According to the provisions of the PRC laws and the Articles of Association, none of the shareholders of the
Company has any pre-emptive rights.

(III) Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares
On June 30, 2023, the 2022 Annual General Meeting, the 2023 Second A Share Class Meeting, and the 2023




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Second H Share Class Meeting of the Company considered and approved the Resolution on Repurchase
and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of the Company, pursuant to which the Company was
approved to repurchase and cancel part or all of 925,692 restricted A shares granted to 137 persons but
subject to selling restriction due to non-fully fulfillment of condition of individual performance by incentive
participants, release or termination of employment with the Company and other circumstances. During the
Reporting Period, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A Shares,
completed the industrial and commercial registration modification for reduction in registered capital, and
obtained the renewed business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial Market Regulation Administration.
Upon the cancellation, the registered capital of the Company was RMB9,074,663,335, and the share capital
structure of the Company changed to: 7,355,617,655 A Shares, representing 81% of the total share capital;
1,719,045,680 H Shares, representing 19% of the total share capital.



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
On November 24, 2023, the 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 Third A Share Class
Meeting and the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting of the Company considered and approved the Resolution
on the Cancellation of the Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital by the Company,



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
pursuant to which the Company was approved to cancel the remaining repurchased A Shares of 45,278,495
shares. Subsequent to the Reporting Period, the Company completed the cancellation of repurchased
A Shares of 45,278,495 shares, completed the industrial and commercial registration modification for
reduction in registered capital, and obtained the renewed business license issued by Jiangsu Provincial
Market Regulation Administration. Upon the cancellation, the registered capital of the Company was
RMB9,029,384,840, and the share capital structure of the Company changed to: 7,310,339,160 A Shares,
representing 81% of the total share capital; 1,719,045,680 H Shares, representing 19% of the total share capital.

(IV) Sufficient public float

As at the latest practicable date before printing of this annual report, based on the information available
to the public and as far as the Directors are aware of, the Directors believe that the Company’s public float




                                                                                                                    103
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          satisfies the requirements for minimum public float under Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.

          (V) Directors’ interests in competing business with the Company

          None of the Directors of the Company has any interest in business that competes or is likely to compete,
          either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Company.

          (VI) Service contracts of Directors and Supervisors

          The Company has entered into a contract with each of the Directors and Supervisors in respect of their
          compliance of relevant laws and regulations, as well as the Articles of Association and provisions on
          arbitration. Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors or Supervisors of the Company has entered
          into or is proposed to enter into any service contracts with the Company in their respective capacities as
          Directors/Supervisors (other than contracts expiring or terminable by the employers within one year without
          the payment of compensation other than statutory compensation).

          (VII) Directors’ and Supervisors’ interests in material contracts, transactions or
          arrangements

          During the Reporting Period, the Directors or Supervisors of the Company or entities that are connected to
          them did not have material interests, whether directly or indirectly, in any material contract, transaction or
          arrangement entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries.

          (VIII) Permitted indemnity provision-liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors
          and senior management

          As authorized in 2014 annual general meeting, the Company has provided liability insurance for Directors,
          Supervisors, senior management, and other relevant competent persons. Appropriate insurance coverage
          has been arranged for Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company against potential
          legal actions and liabilities that arise from performing their duties to reasonably avoid management and
          legal risks faced by Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company and to promote the full
          discharge of duties by the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

          (IX) Profile of Directors, Supervisors and senior management

          For profiles of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company, please refer to “Primary work
          experience” under “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” in “Directors, Supervisors and Senior
          Management” in the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.

          (X) Remuneration policy

          For the remuneration and share incentive scheme of Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the
          Company, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned
          Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” and “Remuneration of the
          Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” in
          the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.

          (XI) Share option scheme

          The Company did not establish any share option scheme.

          (XII) Major customers and suppliers




104
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The Group provides services to a wide range of institutional and individual clients across various sectors. The
Group’s clients range from retail customers, wealth clients, high-net-worth individuals, institutional clients to
corporate clients, who are primarily located in China. The successful listing in Hong Kong and London and
smooth implementation of its deployment strategies in the international market will facilitate the Group in
carrying out its overseas operations, exploring customer resources and boosting for further development of
the Group’s businesses. In 2023, the revenue attributable to the five largest clients of the Group accounted
for less than 30% of the total operating revenue of the Group.

The Group has no major supplier due to the nature of its business.

(XIII) Relationship with employees, customers, suppliers and persons with important
relationships                                                                                                                About Us

For details of the employees’ remuneration and training plans of the Company, please refer to “Remuneration
policy” and “Training programs” under “Information about the Staff of the Parent Company and Major
Subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period” in the section headed “Corporate Governance” in this report.
For the relationship between the Company and its major customers and suppliers, please refer to “Major
customers and suppliers” under “Other Disclosures” in the section headed “Management Discussion and
Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
(XIV) Business review


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
For analysis of business using key financial performance indicators, please refer to “Company Profile and
Key Financial Indicators” of this report.

(XV) Corporate governance

For the corporate governance condition of the Company, please refer to “Corporate Governance” of this
report.




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
(XVI) Tax relief

1. Shareholders of A Shares

According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy
for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) (《關 於 上 市 公 司 股 息 紅 利 差 別 化 個 人
所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2015]101 號 )) and the Notice on Issues Regarding the Implementation of
Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policy for Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Company (Cai Shui [2012]
No. 85) (《關於實施上市公司股息紅利差別化個人所得稅政策有關問題的通知》( 財稅 [2012]85 號 )) jointly issued
by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for individual shareholders of
the Company, if the term of shareholding (a period from the date when the individual acquires the listed



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
shares on public offering and transferring markets to the date one day before the shares are transferred
and settled) is within one month (inclusive), all the dividend and bonus incomes thereof are counted as
taxable income at the effective tax rate of 20%; if the term of shareholding is between one month and one




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
year (inclusive), temporarily, 50% of the dividend and bonus incomes are counted as taxable income at the
effective tax rate of 10%; if the term of shareholding exceeds one year, temporarily, the dividend and bonus
incomes are exempted from individual income taxes. When dividends and bonus incomes are distributed
by a listed company, such company, temporarily, shall not withhold or pay any individual income taxes
on behalf of the individuals whose term of shareholding is within one year (inclusive); instead, the taxable
incomes shall be calculated by a securities registration and settlement company based on the term of
shareholding when the individual transfers those shares and the Company shall withhold and pay the taxes
through the securities registration and settlement company. For dividend and bonus incomes obtained by
securities investment funds from listed companies, the individual income taxes thereof are calculated and
levied pursuant to the provisions in the document of Cai Shui [2012] No. 85.

For QFII, according to the provisions in the Notice on Issues Regarding Withholding and Payment of




                                                                                                                    105
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Corporate Income Taxes when PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends, Bonuses and Interests to the
          QFII (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47) (《關於中國居民企業向 QFII 支付股息、紅利、利息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關問
          題 的 通 知 》( 國 稅 函 [2009]47 號 )) issued by State Administration of Taxation, the listed company withholds
          and pays corporate income taxes at a uniform tax rate of 10%. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained
          by QFII shareholders are entitled to the treatment as stipulated in tax treaties (arrangements), application
          for tax refund can be submitted to the governing tax authority after the acquisition of such dividends and
          bonuses according to regulations.

          According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
          Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2014]81 號 ))
          issued by the Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for the dividend and bonus
          incomes obtained by investors (including enterprises and individuals) on Hong Kong market from investing
          in A Shares listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the implementation of differentiated taxation is suspended
          before Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited meets the conditions to provide CSDC with the
          investors’ identifications, terms of shareholding and other specific data. The listed company withholds
          and pays the income taxes at the tax rate of 10%, which should be duly declared to the governing taxation
          authority. For Hong Kong investors who are tax residents of foreign countries that have entered a tax treaty
          with the PRC specifying an income tax rate for dividend and bonus incomes below 10%, the enterprises or
          individuals can, by themselves or entrust a withholding agent to apply to the governing tax authorities of
          the listed company for the treatment as stipulated in such tax treaties. The governing tax authorities shall
          refund the taxes according to the discrepancy between the levied taxes and taxes payable based on the
          rate specified in the tax treaty after verifying and approving the application.

          For the qualified investors who invest in the GDR issued by the Company on London Stock Exchange and
          comply with the relevant domestic and foreign regulatory rules (GDR Investors), according to the Corporate
          Income Tax Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and other relevant tax regulations, the Company
          shall withhold and pay income taxes at a tax rate of 10%. Citibank and National Association, as the nominal
          holders of domestic basic A Shares corresponding to GDR, receive the cash dividends distributed by the
          Company. If the dividend and bonus incomes obtained by GDR Investors are entitled to the treatment as
          stipulated in relevant tax treaties (arrangements), applications can be submitted to the governing tax
          authority according to regulations.

          For other institutional investors, the taxes on their dividends and bonus incomes shall be paid on their own.

          2. Shareholders of H Shares

          According to the provisions in the Notice by the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Regarding the
          Administration of Individual Income Tax Collection after the Annulment of Document Guo Shui Fa [1993] No.
          045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348) (《國家稅務總局關於國稅發 [1993]045 號文件廢止後有關個人所得稅徵管問題的通
          知》( 國稅函 [2011]348 號 )), for the dividend and bonus incomes acquired by individual shareholders as overseas
          residents from the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-foreign investment enterprises, the
          withholding agent shall legally withhold and pay the individual income taxes according to item “interest,
          dividend and bonus income”. For the issuance of shares in Hong Kong by domestic non-foreign investment
          enterprises, the individual shareholders as overseas residents can enjoy relevant tax preferences according
          to the provisions in the tax treaty signed by the country to which the resident identity belongs and the PRC
          and in the tax arrangements between Mainland China and Hong Kong (Macao). According to relevant tax
          treaties and tax arrangements, the tax rates for dividends are normally 10%. To simplify administration of tax
          collection, when the domestic non-foreign investment enterprises issuing shares in Hong Kong distribute
          dividends and bonuses, the individual income taxes are generally withheld at the tax rate of 10% without
          application. If the dividend tax rate is not 10%, individual income taxes shall be withheld as per the following
          provisions: (1) for residents subject to tax rate below 10% pursuant to relevant treaties, the withholding agent
          can apply related treatment under such treaties on behalf of the residents and the governing tax authority
          will refund the additional tax payments after approving the application; (2) for residents subject to tax rate
          over 10% but lower than 20% pursuant to relevant treaties, when the withholding agent distributes dividend
          and bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at the actual tax rate specified in the
          treaties and application for approval is not necessary; (3) for residents from the country which did not enter




106
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
into any tax treaty with the PRC and other situations, when the withholding agent distributes dividend and
bonus, the individual income tax shall be withheld and paid at the tax rate of 20%.

According to the provisions in the Notice on Issues regarding Withholding of Enterprise Income Taxes when
PRC Resident Enterprises Distribute Dividends to Overseas Non-resident Enterprise shareholders of H Shares
(Guo Shui Han [2008] No. 897) (《關於中國居民企業向境外 H 股非居民企業股東派發股息代扣代繳企業所得稅有關
問題的通知》( 國 稅 函 [2008]897 號 )) issued by the State Administration of Taxation, when Chinese resident
enterprises distribute annual dividends to overseas non-resident enterprise shareholders of H Shares for
2008 and subsequent years, the corporate income tax shall be withheld and paid at the uniform tax rate of
10%.


                                                                                                                       About Us
According to the provisions in the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot
Programs (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) (《關於滬港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2014]81
號 )) and the Notice on Tax Policy Regarding Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect Pilot Programs (Cai Shui
[2016] No. 127) (《關於深港股票市場交易互聯互通機制試點有關稅收政策的通知》( 財稅 [2016]127 號 )) issued by the
Ministry of Finance, State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividends and bonuses acquired by
Mainland individual investors by investing in listed H Shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-
Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall withhold
the individual income tax at a tax rate of 20%. For dividends and bonuses acquired from Mainland securities



                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
investment funds by investing in listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-Hong Kong
Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the individual income tax shall be levied as per
above regulations. For dividends and bonuses acquired by Mainland enterprise investors by investing in


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
listed shares on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange via Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong
Kong Stock Connect, such H Share companies shall not withhold any income taxes on the dividends and
bonuses, and such income tax shall be declared and paid by the enterprises on their own. Meanwhile, for
the dividends and bonuses acquired by Mainland resident enterprises for continuous holding of H Shares for
12 months, the corporate income tax shall be exempted according to laws.

According to the current practices of Inland Revenue Department of Hong Kong, no tax shall be levied for
dividends distributed by the Company in Hong Kong.




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
The shareholders of the Company shall pay relevant taxes and/or be entitled to tax reliefs according to the
above provisions.

(XVII) Environmental policies and performance of the Company

For the environmental policies and performance of the Company, please refer to “Environmental and Social
Responsibilities” in this report.

(XVIII) Compliance with relevant laws and regulations

As a public company listed at home and abroad, the Company abides, in a strict manner, by the



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
requirements of the laws, regulations and normative documents of domestic and foreign places where
the Company is listed including the Company Law, Securities Law, Regulation on the Supervision and
Administration of Securities Companies, Rules for Governance of Securities Companies, Code of Corporate



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
Governance for Listed Companies in China, Corporate Governance Code in Appendix C1 of Hong Kong Listing
Rules and the Articles of Association. The Company established and perfected its rules and regulations
to standardize the operation of the Company, and devoted itself to maintaining and improving its sound
market image. Please refer to “Suspected Violations of Laws and Regulations by, Punishment on and
Rectification of the Company and its Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management, Controlling Shareholders
and de facto Controllers” in the section headed “Major Events” in this report for the punishment and public
denouncement received by the Company during the Reporting Period.

(XIX) Reserves and distributable reserves

Please refer to the consolidated statements of changes in equity and Note 55 to the financial statements of
this report for changes in reserves and distributable reserves.




                                                                                                              107
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (XX) Property and equipment and investment properties

          Changes in properties and equipment and investment properties of the Group during the year are set out
          separately in Notes 20 and 21 to the consolidated financial statements. As at December 31, 2023, the Group
          did not own any investment properties or properties for development and/or for sale with one or more ratio
          (as defined in the Rule 14.04(9) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules) over 5%.

          (XXI) Management contracts

          No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
          business of the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended December 31, 2023.

          (XXII) Donations

          The Company actively performed its social responsibilities in 2023 by investing RMB44,566,500 (2022:
          RMB42,828,900) in public activities including public service advertising and charitable contribution.

          (XXIII) Five-year financial highlight

          For the highlight of operating results, assets and liabilities of the Group in the past five financial years, please
          refer to “Key Accounting Data and Financial Indicators for the Past Five Years” under “Key Accounting Data
          and Financial Indicators” in the section headed “Company Profile and Key Financial Indicators” in this report.
          This summary does not constitute a part of the audited consolidated financial statements.

          (XXIV) Auditors

          1. Upon approval by the Company’s 2020 Annual General Meeting held on June 22, 2021, the Company
          employed KPMG Huazhen LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for
          the 2021 annual financial statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit
          report and GDR audit report; and employed KPMG as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares
          to issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB6.00 million (of which the internal
          control audit fee was capped at RMB0.50 million). In 2021, KPMG Huazhen LLP issued a standard unqualified
          opinion audit report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China
          Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Cheng Hailiang and Qian
          Ruwen signed the report; KPMG issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial
          report prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards.
          Certified public accountant Lee Lok Man signed the report.

          2. Upon approval by the Company’s 2021 Annual General Meeting held on June 22, 2022, the Company
          employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the
          Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2022 annual financial statements and internal control to issue
          A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche
          Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit
          fee amounted to RMB4.20 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.35 million). In 2022,
          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit
          report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting
          Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Hu Xiaojun and Han Jian signed the report;
          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report
          prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified
          public accountant Eric Tong signed the report.

          3. Upon approval by the Company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting held on June 30, 2023, the Company
          employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the audit service institute of the
          Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2023 annual financial statements and internal control to issue
          A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and employed Deloitte Touche
          Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H Share audit report. The audit




108
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
service fee was capped at RMB4.60 million (of which the internal control audit fee was RMB0.40 million). In
2023, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP issued a standard unqualified opinion audit
report on the annual financial report prepared by the Company in accordance with the China Accounting
Standards for Business Enterprises. Certified public accountants Hu Xiaojun and Han Jian signed the report;
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu issued a standard unqualified opinion audit report on the annual financial report
prepared by the Company in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards. Certified
public accountant Eric Tong signed the report.

4. Upon approval by the Company’s seventh meeting of the sixth session of the Board of Directors held on
March 28, 2024, the Company proposed to employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants


                                                                                                                          About Us
LLP as the audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2024 annual financial
statements and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit
report; and employ Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to
issue H Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB4.60 million (of which the internal control
audit fee was RMB0.40 million). This issue is yet to be approved at the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the
Company.

There have been changes in auditor of the Company in the past three years. According to the Administrative
Measures for Selection and Appointment of Accounting Firms by State-owned Financial Enterprises (Cai Jin
[2020] No. 6) (《國有金融企業選聘會計師事務所管理辦法》( 財金 [2020]6 號 )) issued by the Ministry of Finance,

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
the service term of the accounting firm previously appointed by the Company expired after the completion
of the audit on the 2021 Annual Report. On June 22, 2022, the Resolution on the Change of the Accounting


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
Firm of the Company for 2022 was considered and approved at the 2021 Annual General Meeting, which
approved the Company to engage Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the
audit service institute for the 2022 annual accounting statements and internal control audit services of the
Company and its controlled subsidiaries, and issued the A Share Audit Report, the Internal Control Audit
Report and the GDR Audit Report, and appoint Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the H Share audit service
institute of the Company and issue the H Share Audit Report.

(XXV) Review of Annual Results




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
This annual financial report has been audited. The Audit Committee under the Board of Directors has
reviewed the Company’s audited annual financial statement and annual report as of December 31, 2023,
and did not raise any objections to the accounting policy and convention adopted by the Company.

(XXVI) Publication of the Annual Report

This annual report will be released on the Company’s website (www.htsc.com.cn) and the HKEXnews website
(www.hkexnews.hk).

The 2023 annual report of the Company which contains all the information required by the Hong Kong




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Listing Rules will be published on the HKEXnews website (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s website
(www.htsc.com.cn), and will be dispatched to the shareholders of H Shares of the Company by the means
of receipt of communications they selected.




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                                                        By order of the Board
                                                                                                   Zhang Wei
                                                                                                   Chairman
                                                                                              March 28, 2024




                                                                                                                 109
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          CORPORATE
          GOVERNANCE




          I. DESCRIPTION OF CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
          As a public company listed in both domestic and overseas, the Company has been operating business
          in a standard manner and in strict compliance with the requirements set forth in the laws, regulations
          and regulatory documents of the PRC and the overseas jurisdiction where the shares of the Company
          are listed, and has made continuous efforts to maintain and enhance the good image of the Company
          in the market. The Company keeps improving its corporate governance structure, compliance risk control
          and internal control system according to the requirements under the Company Law, the Securities Law,
          the Regulations on Supervision and Management of Securities Companies, the Rules for Governance of
          Securities Companies, the Rules for Corporate Governance of Listed Companies, the Corporate Governance
          Code as set out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules (available at https://en-rules.hkex.com.hk)
          and other relevant laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association, in order to establish a modern
          corporate system, and shape a corporate governance structure where checks and balances among the
          general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the operation management are maintained,
          with each of them being separated from the other and performing its own functions and responsibilities
          corresponding to its position within the specified terms of reference, thereby ensuring all the operational
          activities of the Company are carried out smoothly and in accordance with relevant laws and regulations.

          (I) Corporate governance

          During the Reporting Period, the Company conducted its operations and management in a standard
          and orderly manner. Various rules and regulations have been formulated and continuously refined in
          strict compliance with the requirements of laws, regulations and regulatory documents to regulate the
          Company’s operations. During the Reporting Period, the Company amended and improved the Articles
          of Association in light of repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares under the equity
          incentive scheme of the Company; in order to further standardize the conducts of independent Directors,
          give full play to the role of independent Directors in corporate governance, strengthen the regulation and
          supervision mechanisms on internal Directors and senior management, safeguard the interests of minority
          shareholders and stakeholders, and facilitate the standardized operation of the Company, the Company
          amended and improved the Working System for Independent Directors in accordance with relevant
          requirements such as the Administrative Measures for the Independent Directors of Listed Companies (《上
          市公司獨立董事管理辦法》) and the Measures for the Supervision and Administration of Directors, Supervisors,
          Senior Management Officers and Practitioners of Securities Fund Operating Institutions (《 證 券 基 金 經 營 機




112
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
構董事、監事、高級管理人員及從業人員監督管理辦法》) issued by the CSRC and the Self-discipline Regulatory
Guidelines for Listed Companies No. 1 – Standardized Operation (《上市公司自律監管指引第 1 號－規範運作》)
issued by the SSE. These amendments to the rules have been considered and approved at the shareholders’
general meeting of the Company. In addition, during the Reporting Period, as considered and approved
by the Board and the shareholders’ general meeting of the Company, the Company made adjustments
to the composition of the sixth session of the Board and the special committees thereof to fully leverage
on professional strengths of the Directors and improve decision efficiency and decision level of the Board.
Through the establishment and improvement as well as the full implementation of the above systems, the
Company’s governance structure and level have been continuously standardized and improved.


                                                                                                                           About Us
The convening, holding and voting procedures of the general meeting, the Board and the Supervisory
Committee of the Company were standard, legal and valid, and the Company disclosed truthful and
accurate information in a complete, timely and fair manner. The Company carried out investor relationship
management in a standard and professional manner, and carried out inside information management
and registration of insiders in strict compliance with the requirements of the System regarding Insider
Registration and Management and Confidentiality of the Company and other relevant rules. The Company
adhered to the principle of scientificity, standardization and transparency when practicing corporate
governance. During the Reporting Period, the Company was honored as the Best Practice Case in the
2023 Best Practice Formulation for Board of Directors of Public Companies organized by China Association


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
for Public Companies, and was honored as the Best Practice Case in the 2023 Best Practice Formulation
for Board Office of Public Companies organized by China Association for Public Companies. At the same


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
time, the secretary of the Board of the Company was rated as 5A in the 2023 Performance Evaluation of
the Secretary of the Board of Directors of Listed Companies organized by China Association for Public
Companies. In addition, with its remarkable ESG governance practice, in 2023, the annual MSCI ESG rating of
the Company promoted to AA from A, marking that the Company became the first company in securities
industry in the PRC which was rated as AA, and that the Company was among the leading companies in the
world.

1. Shareholders and the General Meeting




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely. The largest
shareholder and the de facto controller of the Company exercised their rights in accordance with the laws,
regulations and the Articles of Association, and neither directly or indirectly intervened in the decisions and
operations of the Company beyond the general meeting nor appropriated any fund of the Company or
requested the Company to provide any external guarantee. The Company was completely independent
from its largest shareholder and de facto controller in terms of staff, assets, finance, organization and




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
business.

2. Directors and the Board




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
The election and change of Directors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The number
and composition of the Board conformed to the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations. The
Board has continuously improved its rules of procedures. All the Board meetings were duly convened and
held, and all voting procedures at the meetings were legal and valid. The Company has established the
Working System for Independent Directors, and all the independent Directors have independently and
objectively worked to protect the legitimate rights and interests of the Company and its shareholders,
and played a role of check and balance in the decision-making process of the Board. The Board has the
following mechanism in place to ensure independent views and input from Directors are conveyed to the
Board. Meanwhile, the Board reviews the implementation and effectiveness of this mechanism every year:
The Board of the Company includes 5 independent non-executive Directors, representing more than 1/3 of
the Board. The independent Directors of the Company issue independent opinions on significant matters




                                                                                                                  113
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          of the Company and report to the Board for disclosure concurrently with relevant announcements of the
          Company. Each year, all independent Directors of the Company submit an annual performance report to
          the Board and the shareholders’ general meeting for consideration, and disclose relevant information on
          their positions in other listed companies or organizations in the annual report. The Company has established
          Special Committees under the Board that are responsible to the Board and submit the voting results of the
          meetings to the Board, among which the majority members of the Audit Committee and the Nomination
          Committee are independent Directors who host the posts of chairman. All members of the Remuneration
          and Appraisal Committee are independent Directors. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing
          the structure, size and composition of the Board each year, reviewing and making recommendations on the
          qualifications of Directors and senior management and reviewing the independence of independent non-
          executive Directors and other matters.

          The Company ensures that independent Directors have the right to information equivalent to that of
          other Directors and are provided with the necessary working conditions to perform their duties, and for
          matters that need to be decided by the Board, the Company shall notify independent Directors in advance
          pursuant to statutory limit of time and provide true, accurate and sufficient information at the same time.
          If independent Directors consider that the information is insufficient, they may request the Company to
          supplement.

          All Directors of the Company are able to perform their duties with due diligence in accordance with the
          relevant regulations to safeguard the interests of the Company and all shareholders.

          There is no financial, business, family or other significant/related relationship between the Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management of the Company.

          The Company believes that the increasing diversity of the Board is one of the key factors that help support
          its strategic objectives and maintain sustainable development. Therefore, the Company has, when
          determining the composition of the Board, adopted the following measures to maintain or enhance its
          balance and diversity:

          (1) consider the diversity of Board members in several aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
          cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills, knowledge and popularity in service.
          The determination of the members should be based on the value of the candidates and the contribution
          that they could make to the Board. All nominations of the Board should be in the principle of “merit-based”.
          When the candidates are selected, the benefits from the diversity of Board members should be taken into
          full consideration according to their objective conditions.

          (2) The Nomination Committee will report annually on the diversified composition of the Board in the annual
          report, inspect the implementation of the abovementioned policy on diversification of Board members and
          review such policy every year so as to ensure its effectiveness.

          In 2022, the Company set up the sixth session of the Board of Directors, with members including strategic
          Shareholder representatives introduced through the non-public issuance of A Shares, forming a Board with
          diversified composition and complementary advantages.


          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the composition of the Board of the Company is as follows:

          By age group                  4 persons                  6 persons                         2 persons 1 person
                                    Aged 50 and below              aged 51-55                          aged      aged
                                                                                                      56-60     over 60
          By category      3 persons                      5 persons                             5 persons
          of Directors Executive Directors          non-executive Directors         independent non-executive Directors

          By gender      1 person                                             12 persons
                      Female Directors                                   male directors

          Professional background: Finance, economics, accounting, laws, business administration, economic
          management, enterprise management, industrial economics, electronic communication, English, etc.




114
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The Board considers that the current composition of the Board is diversified regarding skills, gender,
experience and knowledge and that the nomination policy of the Company ensures that the Board will have
potential alternate candidates to continue the established diversity of the Board.

3. Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee

The election and change of the Supervisors were in strict compliance with the Articles of Association. The
number and composition of the Supervisory Committee conformed to the requirements of the relevant
laws and regulations. The Supervisory Committee has continuously improved its rules of procedure. All the
meetings of the Supervisory Committee were duly convened and held, and all voting procedures at the
meetings were legal and valid. The Supervisory Committee is responsible to the general meeting. Based on
the principle of being responsible to all shareholders, the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the               About Us
legality and compliance of the Company’s finance and the performance of duties by the Board and the
management of the Company. All Supervisors diligently performed their duties, attended all meetings of the
Supervisory Committee and sat in the meetings of the Board as non-voting delegates, made reports to the
general meeting and submitted its work report.

4. Senior Management of the Company

The election and change of the senior management were in strict compliance with the Articles of

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Association. The procedures for appointment of senior management complied with the Company Law
and the Articles of Association. The Company has formulated the Terms of Reference of the CEO and


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
the Executive Committee and the Terms of Reference of the Secretary to the Board and other rules and
regulations. The senior management of the Company conducted operations and performed their duties
legally and diligently in accordance with the laws, regulations and authorizations of the Board, in order to
maximize shareholders’ benefits and social benefits.

5. Information Disclosure and Transparency of the Company

The Company disclosed information in a truthful, accurate, complete and timely manner in strict




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
compliance with the requirements of laws, rules and relevant regulations, and ensured that all shareholders
had an equal access to the relevant information of the Company, thereby ensuring the transparency of
the Company. The Company strengthened the management of inside information, worked to ensure the
confidentiality of inside information, and safeguarded the principle of fairness in information disclosure
in strict compliance with the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
of the Company. The Board designated the secretary to the Board to be responsible for the Company’s
information disclosure, and the Office of the Board also assisted the secretary in information disclosure.
Meanwhile, the Company also arranged dedicated personnel to answer telephone enquiries of investors
and questions from investors via e-mails and the SSE interactive E-platform, actively interacted with
institutional investors during their on-site surveys, and set up an investor relations section on the Company’s
website.



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
6. Stakeholders

The Company gave full respects to the shareholders, customers, staff and other stakeholders and



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
protected their legitimate rights and interests from the perspective of system building and in each link of
business operation, ensured the development of the Company in a sustainable, harmonious, healthy and
standard way, in order to achieve all-win results for the Company and all stakeholders, thus maximizing the
Company’s profits and social benefits.

During the Reporting Period, according to the requirements of the regulatory departments, the Company
further improved its organizational structure, institutional building and strengthened management of inside
information, and ensured that the actual status of the corporate governance of the Company complied
with the requirements of the regulatory documents published by the CSRC regarding the corporate
governance of listed companies. Meanwhile, the Company strictly complied with all the code provisions
as set out in the Corporate Governance Code, and met most of the recommended best practices in the
Corporate Governance Code.




                                                                                                                  115
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Formulation and Implementation of Insider Registration and Management
          System

          The Company formulated the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
          in April 2010 in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations, regulatory documents
          and the Articles of Association and in light of the actual situation of the Company, which was considered
          and approved at the seventeenth meeting of the first session of the Board, in order to strengthen the
          management of inside information, maintain the confidentiality of inside information, ensure fair information
          disclosure and protect the legitimate rights and interests of investors.

          In December 2011, according to the Provisions on the Establishment of an Insider Registration and
          Management System by Listed Companies (CSRC Announcement [2011] No. 30) (《關於上市公司建立內幕信
          息知情人登記管理制度的規定》( 證監會公告 [2011]30 號 )) by the CSRC, the Circular on Filing Records of Insiders
          by Listed Companies (Shang Zheng Gong Han [2011] No. 1501) (《關 於 做 好 上 市 公 司 內 幕 信 息 知 情 人 檔 案 報 送
          工 作 的 通 知 》( 上 證 公 函 [2011]1501 號 )) by the Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant requirements
          issued by regulators, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
          Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the
          second session of the Board.

          In March 2015, in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing of the H Shares
          of the Company, the Company made amendments to the System Regarding Insider Registration and
          Management and Confidentiality, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the
          third session of the Board.

          In March 2019, for consistency with the Articles of Association, the Company made amendments to the
          System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, which was considered and
          approved at the twentieth meeting of the fourth session of the Board.

          In August 2020, according to relevant requirements of the revised Securities Law, the Guidelines on Insiders
          Reporting by Listed Companies of the SSE as well as relevant laws, regulations and regulatory documents,
          the Company made amendments to the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and
          Confidentiality, which was considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company made more efforts to maintain the confidentiality of inside
          information, performed its obligation of insider registration, management and confidentiality diligently, kept
          records of the names of insiders who had accessed to the inside information at the stage of negotiation,
          planning, demonstration and consultation and contracting as well as in the processes of reporting, delivery,
          preparation, auditing, resolution and disclosing before its final disclosure in strict compliance with the
          requirements of System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality, and kept
          records of information relating to insiders and memos of progress of major events, in order to effectively
          prevent insider dealing and properly carry out information disclosure.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company organized internal investigation into the dealing of shares and
          derivatives of the Company by insiders, and found that none of the holders of inside information had made
          use of inside information in share transactions before any significant-price-sensitive-nature information
          disclosure that may affect the share price of the Company, and the Company has not received any
          punishment or administrative measure imposed by regulatory departments due to the implementation of
          the Insider Registration and Management System or the possible involvement in insider dealing.

          (III) Corporate Governance Policies and the Board’s Responsibilities for Corporate
          Governance

          The Company has been in strict compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and followed all the principles
          in the Corporate Governance Code to be its own corporate governance policies. In respect of the corporate
          governance function, the terms of reference of the Board shall at least include:

          (1) to formulate and review the corporate governance policies and practices of the Company;




116
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(2) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of the Directors and the
senior management;

(3) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with laws and regulatory
requirements;

(4) to formulate, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual (if any) applicable to
monitor employees and Directors;

(5) to review the Company’s compliance with the Corporate Governance Code and disclosure in the
Corporate Governance Report.

(IV) Securities Transactions by Directors, Supervisors and Employees                                                   About Us

During the Reporting Period, the Company adopted the Model Code as set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong
Kong Listing Rules as the code of conduct for securities transactions of the Company by all Directors and
Supervisors. According to the domestic regulatory requirements, the Company convened the thirteenth
meeting of the third session of the Board on November 25, 2014 to consider and approve the Administrative
System regarding the Shares of the Company Held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
(the “Administrative System”) in order to regulate the holding and dealing in the shares of the Company


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
by Directors, Supervisors and senior management. On March 6, 2015, the Company made amendments
to the Administrative System in order to meet the relevant regulatory requirements regarding the listing
of H Shares of the Company, which were considered and approved at the sixteenth meeting of the third

                                                                                                                     and Strategies
session of the Board. On October 28, 2022, the Company made amendments to the Administrative System
in order to strengthen the management of the Shares of the Company held by Directors, Supervisors and
senior management of the Company and the changes therein, which were considered and approved at
the twenty-seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board of the Company. The compulsory provisions
contained in the Administrative System are stricter than those under the Model Code. Having made all
enquiries with Directors, Supervisors and senior management, the Company confirmed that all Directors,
Supervisors and senior management had strictly complied with the relevant requirements under the




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Administrative System and Model Code during the Reporting Period. The Board of the Company will, on a
regular or irregular basis, carry out inspection on corporate governance and operation of the Company, in
order to ensure the relevant provisions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules are well observed and to protect
the interests of the shareholders. Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period” under
“Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” under “Corporate Governance” in this report for details of
the shareholding of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management of the Company.



II. SPECIFIC MEASURES TAKEN BY THE CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS OF THE COMPANY TO ENSURE THE

                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY IN TERMS OF ASSETS, PERSONNEL,
FINANCE, ORGANIZATION AND BUSINESS, AND THE SOLUTIONS, WORK

                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
PROGRESS AND FOLLOW-UP WORK PLANS THAT INFLUENCE THE
INDEPENDENCE OF THE COMPANY

The shareholding structure of the Company is relatively decentralized without controlling shareholders. The
de facto controller of the Company is Jiangsu SASAC. Since its inception, the Company has been operating
in strict compliance with relevant laws and regulations including the Company Law and the Securities
Law as well as the requirements of the Articles of Association. The Company is completely separated from
its shareholders in respect of business, staff, assets, organization and finance, owns a complete business
system and is capable of operating independently in the market.




                                                                                                              117
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          1. Information about the independence of business

          In accordance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the Company
          conducts business on its own pursuant to the law within the operating scope approved by the CSRC, and
          has obtained various business materials required for securities business operation with an independent
          and complete business system and the ability of self-operation. Its business operation is not controlled or
          affected by its shareholders or related parties. The Company can compete in the market independently.
          Shareholders and related parties of the Company did not breach the Company’s working procedures or
          intervene in the Company’s internal management or the making of its operational decisions.

          2. Information about the independence of the staff

          The Company set up a dedicated human resources department, and established independent and
          complete systems for labor employment, personnel management, salary management and social security.
          The Directors, Supervisors, and senior management of the Company were selected and employed in
          compliance with relevant requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Measures for the
          Supervision and Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners of
          Securities Fund Operating Institutions and the Articles of Association. The current Directors, Supervisors and
          senior management of the Company meet the corresponding qualifications. The senior management of the
          Company held no positions in its largest shareholder and de facto controller and other enterprises under its
          control. The Company adopts an appointment system for the senior management, a labor contract system
          for all staff, and enters into Labor Contract with all the staff in accordance with the law. The Company
          owns independent rights for labor employment and its staff are independent from the shareholders and
          enterprises under their control without any interference from the shareholders.

          3. Information about the integrity of the assets

          The Company owns main business qualifications, land, real estate, vehicles and other operating equipment
          required for business operation. The above assets are subject to no mortgage, pledge or other guarantees,
          and the Company is the legal owner of these assets. The assets of the Company are independent from its
          largest shareholder and other shareholders. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided
          no guarantees for the debts of any of its shareholders and their subsidiaries by using its assets or reputation
          as the collateral. The Company had full control and use right over its assets, and there had been no
          circumstance under which the interests of the Company were damaged due to the largest shareholder’s
          occupation of any of its assets and funds.

          4. Information about organizational independence

          In strict compliance with the requirements of the Company Law and the Articles of Association, the
          Company has set up a sound corporate governance structure, under which the general meeting, the Board
          of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, the senior management and relevant operating management
          departments have been formed. The general meeting, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee
          and the senior management are in good operation and exercise their respective functions and powers
          pursuant to the law. The Company owns an independent and complete system for securities business
          operation and management, and conducts business on its own. The organizations are set up and run in
          compliance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC. The existing offices and premises of the Company
          are totally separate from its shareholders without the circumstances of sharing organizations with them or
          their direct intervention in the Company’s business activities.

          5. Information about financial independence

          As required by the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises and the Financial Systems of Securities
          Firms, the Company has established an independent financial accounting and management system, set
          up an independent accounting department, and employed independent financial accountants. The chief
          financial officer and financial personnel of the Company held no positions in its shareholders. The Company
          has opened an independent bank account, applied for an independent tax registration and paid taxes in




118
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
accordance with laws and regulations. The Company shared no accounts and taxes with its shareholders
and related parties.

As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided no guarantees for its shareholders and other
related parties. During the Reporting Period, the Company experienced no peer competition and related-
party transactions resulted from shareholding reform, features of the industry and national policies or
mergers and acquisitions.

CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS, DE FACTO CONTROLLERS AND OTHER UNITS UNDER THEIR CONTROL
ENGAGED IN SAME OR SIMILAR BUSINESSES AS THE COMPANY AND IMPACTS OF HORIZONTAL
COMPETITIONS OR SIGNIFICANT CHANGES IN HORIZONTAL COMPETITIONS ON THE COMPANY,
SOLUTIONS ADOPTED, SOLVING PROGRESS AND SUBSEQUENT SOLUTIONS                                                              About Us

In July 2010 and with the approval of the People’s Government of Jiangsu Province, Jiangsu SASAC decided
to transfer the state-owned equities in Jiangsu Sainty International Group Limited to Guoxin Group, the
largest shareholder of the Company. Guoxin Group directly and indirectly held 78.5% equities of Jintai
Futures Co., Ltd., and became the controlling shareholder of Jintai Futures Co., Ltd. Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.
is principally engaged in commodities futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures investment
consultancy and asset management, which has horizontal competition with Huatai Futures, a subsidiary by


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
the Company.

To avoid the abovementioned horizontal competition, on June 10, 2014, the Company organized the


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
convening of the sixth meeting of the third session of the Board and the fourth meeting of the third session
of the Supervisory Committee, which considered and approved the Resolution on Avoiding Horizontal
Competition in Futures Businesses Between Jiangsu Guoxin and Huatai Securities and submitted to the
2014 second extraordinary general meeting convened on June 26, 2014 for consideration and approval.
Meanwhile, the independent Directors of the Company expressed independent opinions on the resolution.
They believed that such horizontal competition has no significant effect on the operation and development
of Huatai Securities and the interests of minority shareholders and the resolution is in line with relevant
regulations of the CSRC and beneficial to the legitimate interests of investors, small and medium investors




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
in particular, and meets the requirements of Huatai Securities on maximizing shareholders’ interests.

On June 27, 2014, Guoxin Group re-signed the Letter of Undertaking on Waiving Horizontal Competition
and Conflict of Interests based on relevant regulations and the requirements of the resolutions at the 2014
second extraordinary general meeting of the Company. For the details of the announcement on the change
of such undertaking, please refer to the announcement (Lin No. 2014-047) on the performance and change
of undertaking by the Company’s shareholder dated June 28, 2014.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                 119
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          III. BRIEF INTRODUCTIONS TO THE GENERAL MEETINGS
                                                                                                                                       Date of
                                                                                                                                       disclosure
                                                                                                                                       of the
                                                                                                              Enquiry index of the     publication
                                                                                                              websites designated      of the
                          Convening                                                                           for publication of the   resolutions
          Meeting         date        Resolutions                                                             resolutions              Status         Status

                                      1. To consider the 2022 Work Report of the Board of the Company;
                                      2. To consider the 2022 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee
                                      of the Company;
                                      3. To consider the 2022 Final Financial Report of the Company;
                                      4. To consider the Resolution on the 2022 Annual Report of the
                                      Company;
                                      5. To consider the Resolution on the 2022 Profit Distribution Plan of
                                      the Company;
                                      6. To consider the Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary
                                      Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2023;
                                      7. To consider the Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount
                                      for the Proprietary Business of the Company for 2023;                   http://www.sse.com.cn
                                                                                                                                                      All resolutions
                                      8. To consider the Resolution on the Re-appointment of the              http://www.hkexnews.hk
          2022 Annual                                                                                                                                 were
                          June 30,    Accounting Firms of the Company;                                        http://www.
          General                                                                                                                      July 1, 2023   considered
                          2023        9. To consider the Report on Performance of Duties of the               londonstockexchange.
          Meeting                                                                                                                                     and
                                      Independent Directors of the Company for 2022;                          com
                                                                                                                                                      approved
                                      10. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of        http://www.htsc.com.cn
                                      Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company;
                                      11. To consider the Resolution on Extension of the Validity Period
                                      of the General Mandate to Issue Onshore and Offshore Debt
                                      Financing Instruments of the Company;
                                      12. Debriefing of the Report on Performance Assessment and
                                      Remuneration of the Directors of the Company for 2022;
                                      13. Debriefing of the Report on Performance Assessment and
                                      Remuneration of the Supervisors of the Company for 2022;
                                      14. Debriefing of the Report on Performance of Duties, Performance
                                      Assessment and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the
                                      Company for 2022.


                                                                                                              http://www.sse.com.cn
                                                                                                              http://www.hkexnews.hk                  The
          2023 Second
                          June 30,    To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of            http://www.                             resolution
          A Share Class                                                                                                                July 1, 2023
                          2023        Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company.                         londonstockexchange.                    was
          Meeting
                                                                                                              com                                     considered
                                                                                                              http://www.htsc.com.cn


                                                                                                              http://www.sse.com.cn                   The
                                                                                                              http://www.hkexnews.hk                  resolution
          2023 Second
                          June 30,    To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of            http://www.                             was
          H Share Class                                                                                                                July 1, 2023
                          2023        Part of the Restricted A Shares by the Company.                         londonstockexchange.                    considered
          Meeting
                                                                                                              com                                     and
                                                                                                              http://www.htsc.com.cn                  approved


                                      1. To consider the Resolution on the Cancellation of the
                                                                                                              http://www.sse.com.cn
                                      Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital by the                                                 All resolutions
          2023 Second                                                                                         http://www.hkexnews.hk
                                      Company;                                                                                                        were
          Extraordinary   November                                                                            http://www.              November
                                      2. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Working                                                  considered
          General         24, 2023                                                                            londonstockexchange.     25, 2023
                                      System for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                                                and
          Meeting                                                                                             com
                                      3. To consider the Resolution on the Election of a Non-executive                                                approved
                                                                                                              http://www.htsc.com.cn
                                      Director of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company.


                                                                                                              http://www.sse.com.cn                   The
                                                                                                              http://www.hkexnews.hk                  resolution
          2023 Third A
                          November    To consider the Resolution on the Cancellation of the Repurchased       http://www.              November       was
          Share Class
                          24, 2023    A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital by the Company.            londonstockexchange.     25, 2023       considered
          Meeting
                                                                                                              com                                     and
                                                                                                              http://www.htsc.com.cn                  approved


                                                                                                              http://www.sse.com.cn                   The
                                                                                                              http://www.hkexnews.hk                  resolution
          2023 Third H
                          November    To consider the Resolution on the Cancellation of the Repurchased       http://www.              November       was
          Share Class
                          24, 2023    A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital by the Company.            londonstockexchange.     25, 2023       considered
          Meeting
                                                                                                              com                                     and
                                                                                                              http://www.htsc.com.cn                  approved




120
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Description of general meetings

1. As announced by the Company on February 6, 2023, the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting, the 2023
first A Share class meeting and the 2023 first H Share class meeting, which were originally scheduled to be
held on February 10, 2023, were extended.

On October 30, 2023, as considered by the fifth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company,
the Company decided to cancel the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share class
meeting and the 2023 first H Share class meeting, as well as all resolutions originally scheduled to be
considered at such general meetings.


                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
2. None of the shareholders of the Company are holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered.
Therefore, none of the extraordinary general meetings was convened by holders of preference shares with
voting rights restored, nor was any general meeting proposed to be convened, convened or chaired by the
holders of preference shares with voting rights recovered during the Reporting Period.



IV. DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

(I) Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of current and resigned

                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the Reporting Period


                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                                                                                                            Currency: RMB Unit: Ten thousand shares

                                                                                                                                 Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                received from    received
                                                                                                                                the Company      remuneration
                                                                               Number                                               during the   from any
                                                                              of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected
                                                              Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                 Period (Ten   party of the
                                               Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the       Reason     Thousand     Company
Name         Position             Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)    or not




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Zhang Wei Chairman                Male   59    2019-12-16     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –         112.36 No

             Executive Director                2007-12-06     2025-12-29

             Employee
             representative                    2022-12-30     2025-12-29
             Director
Zhou Yi                           Male   54                                         72            72            –             –       356.69 No
             Chief executive
             officer, Chairman
                                               2019-10-29     2025-12-29
             of the Executive
             Committee

             Non-executive
Ding Feng                         Male   55    2018-10-22     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
             Director

Chen      Non-executive




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                                  Male   56    2022-06-22 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –             – Yes
Zhongyang Director

             Non-executive
Ke Xiang                          Male   49    2021-02-08     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
             Director




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Liu       Non-executive
                                  Male   49    2023-11-24     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
Changchun Director

Zhang        Non-executive
                                  Male   52    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – No
Jinxin       Director

Yin Lihong   Executive Director Female 53      2022-06-22 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –         101.20 No

Wang         Independent non-
                                Male     49    2020-06-18 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –         24.00 No
Jianwen      executive Director

Wang      Independent non-
                             Male        55    2022-06-22 2025-12-29                 –             –            –             –         24.00 No
Quansheng executive Director

             Independent non-
Peng Bing                       Male     51    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –         24.00 No
             executive Director

             Independent non-
Wang Bing                       Male     45    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –         24.00 No
             executive Director




                                                                                                                                                                121
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                                           Total pre-tax
                                                                                                                                          remuneration     Whether
                                                                                                                                          received from    received
                                                                                                                                          the Company      remuneration
                                                                                         Number                                               during the   from any
                                                                                        of Shares    Number of Changes in                     Reporting    connected
                                                                        Expiration    held at the   Shares held shareholding                 Period (Ten   party of the
                                                         Start of the   of the term    beginning     at the end   during the       Reason     Thousand     Company
          Name         Position             Gender Age   term of office of office     of the year    of the year        year   for change         Yuan)    or not

          Tse Yung     Independent non-
                                          Male     71    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –         24.00 No
          Hoi          executive Director

                       Employee
                       representative                    2019-04-26 2025-12-29
                       Supervisor
          Gu
                                            Male   58                                          –             –            –             –       280.92 No
          Chengzhong
                       Chairman of
                       the Supervisory                   2021-10-29     2025-12-29
                       Committee

          Li Chongqi   Supervisor           Female 46    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes

          Yu Lanying Supervisor             Female 52    2018-10-22     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes

          Zhang
                       Supervisor           Female 56    2019-12-16     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
          Xiaohong

          Zhou
                       Supervisor           Female 51    2022-12-30     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –             – Yes
          Hongrong

                    Employee
          Wang Ying representative          Female 44    2019-12-16     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –       208.56 No
                    Supervisor

                    Employee
          Wang Juan representative          Female 45    2021-10-29     2025-12-29             –             –            –             –        196.09 No
                    Supervisor

                       Member of the
                       Executive
          Han          Committee,
                                            Male   56    2022-04-08 2025-12-29                60            60            –             –       276.99 No
          Zhencong     Chief
                       information
                       officer

                       Member of the
          Sun Hanlin   Executive            Male   58    2019-12-16     2025-12-29            60            60            –             –        285.12 No
                       Committee

                       Member of the
          Jiang Jian   Executive            Male   57    2019-12-16     2025-12-29            60            60            –             –        285.12 No
                       Committee

                       Member of the
                       Executive                         2019-12-16     2025-12-29
                       Committee
          Zhang Hui                         Male   48                                         60            60            –             –       276.99 No
                       Secretary of
                                                         2017-04-26     2025-12-29
                       the Board

                       Member of
          Chen
                       the Executive        Male   45    2020-02-18     2025-12-29           60             60            –             –        285.12 No
          Tianxiang
                       Committee

          Jiao         Chief financial
                                            Female 53    2020-03-05 2025-12-29                50            50            –             –       296.33 No
          Xiaoning     officer

                       Chief compliance
                                                         2020-02-17     2025-12-29
                       officer
          Jiao Kai                          Male   49                                         50            50            –             –        287.18 No
                       General legal
                                                         2019-12-16     2025-12-29
                       counsel

          Wang
                       Chief risk officer   Male   52    2017-03-16     2025-12-29            50            50            –             –       360.99 No
          Chong

                       Director of human
          Sun Yan                        Female 52       2022-12-30     2025-12-29             8             8            –             –       276.92 No
                       resources

                       Non-executive
          Hu Xiao      Director             Female 45    2018-10-22     2023-09-19             –             –            –             –             – No
                       (resigned)

          Total        /                    /      /     /              /                   530           530             –             /     4,006.58 /




122
Notes:                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
1. On September 19, 2023, the Board of the Company received a written resignation report from Ms. Hu Xiao, a non-executive Director. Ms. Hu Xiao
has proposed to resign from her positions as a non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company and as a member of
the Development Strategy Committee of the Board due to work reasons, upon which she no longer holds any position in the Company. There
is no disagreement between Ms. Hu Xiao and the Board of the Company, and there is no matter in relation to her resignation that needs to be
brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company. Ms. Hu Xiao has also confirmed that she is not a party involved in any on-going or
pending litigation or dispute against the Company.
2. On November 24, 2023, the Resolution on the Election of a Non-executive Director of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was
considered and approved at the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Liu Changchun was
elected as a non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, for a term of office until the end of the sixth session of the
Board.
3. Total pre-tax remuneration received by Directors, Supervisors and senior management from the Company during the Reporting Period was
implemented in accordance with relevant policies of governing authorities and the Company’s relevant remuneration assessment and deferred


                                                                                                                                                                About Us
compensation system.
4. The remuneration of the Directors that are the persons in charge of provincial financial enterprises shall be implemented in accordance with
the Interim Measures for the Administration of Remuneration of Persons in Charge of Provincial Financial Enterprises in Jiangsu Province (《江蘇省
省管金融企業負責人薪酬管理暫行辦法》).
5. The pre-tax remuneration received from the Company during the Reporting Period represents the remuneration received during the period of
holding the position of Directors, Supervisors and senior management, excluding pension insurance, enterprise annuity and restricted share and
equity incentive.




Name                Primary work experience

                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                    Master of business administration, senior engineer and senior economist. He once worked in
                    Jiangsu Electronic Industry Research Institute ( 江蘇省電子工業綜合研究所 ). He also served as


                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
                    cadre at department level of Jiangsu Electronic Industry Bureau and the deputy director of
                    Asset Management Division. He worked as secretary to the board of directors and assistant
                    general manager, deputy general manager, general manager and deputy secretary of the
                    party committee of Jiangsu Hiteker High-tech Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇宏圖高科技股份有限公司 ). He also
Zhang Wei
                    served as director, general manager, deputy secretary of the party committee, secretary of
                    the party committee and chairman of the board of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科
                    技投資集團有限公司 ). Mr. Zhang served as secretary of the party committee of the Company




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                    from March 2019 to December 2019 and has been chairman of the Board of Directors and
                    secretary of the party committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office
                    in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
                    Bachelor of computer communications. Mr. Zhou once taught at Jiangsu Posts &
                    Telecommunications School ( 江蘇省郵電學校 ); engaged in technology management at the
                    Telecommunications Center of Jiangsu Posts & Telecommunications Bureau ( 江 蘇 省 郵 電 管 理
                    局 電 信 中 心 ) and administrative management at Jiangsu Mobile Communication Co., Ltd.
                    ( 江蘇移動通信有限公司 ); served as the chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu Bei’ er
                    Communication System Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇貝爾通信系統有限公司 ) and Nanjing Xinwang Telecom
                    Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視訊科技股份有限公司 ), deputy general manager of Shanghai Fortune
                    Communications Company ( 上海富欣通信公司 ), director and deputy secretary of the party



                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
                    committee of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华泰证券有限责任公司 ) from August
                    2006 to February 2007 and director, president and deputy secretary of the party committee
                    of the same company from February 2007 to December 2007. Mr. Zhou served as Director,




                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
Zhou Yi             President and deputy secretary of the party committee of the Company from December
                    2007 to October 2011; Director, President and secretary of the party committee of the
                    Company from November 2011 to June 2016; chairman of the Board of Directors, President,
                    and secretary of the party committee of the Company from June 2016 to March 2019;
                    chairman of the Board of Directors, President and party committee member of the Company
                    from March 2019 to October 2019; chairman of the Board of Directors, chief executive officer,
                    chairman of the Executive Committee and party committee member of the Company from
                    October 2019 to December 2019; Director, chief executive officer, chairman of the Executive
                    Committee and party committee member of the Company from December 2019 to
                    October 2023, and has been Director, chief executive officer and chairman of the Executive
                    Committee of the Company since October 2023 with a term of office in current session of
                    the Board and the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                                                                       123
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name        Primary work experience
                      Master of business administration and senior accountant. He served as accountant of the
                      finance department of China Songhai Industrial Corporation ( 中國嵩海實業總公司 ) in Xiamen
                      Special Economic Zone from August 1990 to November 1992; chief accountant of the finance
                      department of China North Industries Corporation Xiamen Branch ( 中 國 北 方 工 業 廈 門 公 司 )
                      from December 1992 to September 1995; deputy section chief of the finance department of
                      Jiangsu International Trust and Investment Company ( 江蘇省國際信託投資公司 ) from October
                      1995 to August 2002; project manager of the finance department of Guoxin Group from
                      August 2002 to September 2004; head of the finance department (manager assistant) and
          Ding Feng   deputy general manager of Jiangsu International Trust Corporation Limited ( 江 蘇 省 國 際
                      信 託 有 限 責 任 公 司 ) from September 2004 to December 2009; deputy general manager of the
                      finance department of Guoxin Group from December 2009 to December 2010; (standing) vice
                      president of Jiangsu Guoxin Group Finance Co., Ltd. ( 國信集團財務有限公司 ) from December 2010
                      to December 2011; president and deputy secretary of the Party Committee of Jiangsu Guoxin
                      Group Finance Co., Ltd. from January 2012 to March 2018; and has served as the general
                      manager of finance department of Guoxin Group since March 2018. He has been a Director
                      of the Company since October 2018 with a term of office in current session of the Board from
                      December 2022 to December 2025.
                      Master’s degree in highway, urban road and airport engineering and is a senior engineer of
                      the researcher rank. He served as a staff member and the Deputy Section Chief (presiding
                      over the work) of the Planning Division of the Jiangsu Expressway Command Office from
                      June 1992 to November 2000; and the deputy manager (presiding over the work) of the
                      Operation and Development Department of Jiangsu Jinghu Expressway Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇京
                      滬 高 速 公 路 有 限 公 司 ) from November 2000 to August 2001; an employee (senior engineer),
                      the Deputy Director and Director of the Road Assets and Interests Section of Jiangsu
                      Communications Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 交 通 產 業 集 團 有 限 公 司 ) from August 2001
                      to October 2004; the Deputy Director of the Operation Safety Department, Deputy Director
                      of the Engineering Technology Department, Deputy Director of the Engineering Technology
                      Department, Deputy Director of the Expansion Project Office, Director of the Expansion
                      Project Office, Deputy Director of the Engineering Technology Department, and Director of
          Chen
                      Corporate Management and Legal Affairs Department of Jiangsu Communications Holding
          Zhongyang
                      Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 ) from October 2004 to November 2017; the Chairman, Party
                      Secretary and General Manager, and Chairman and Party Secretary of Jiangsu Jinghu
                      Expressway Co., Ltd. from November 2017 to April 2019; the Party Secretary and Director of
                      Jiangsu Expressway Operation and Management Center ( 江蘇省高速公路經營管理中心 ) and the
                      assistant to the General Manager of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from April 2019
                      to July 2020; the Deputy General Manager and member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu
                      Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from July 2020 to December 2022; the Deputy General
                      Manager, member of the Party Committee and general counsel of Jiangsu Communications
                      Holding Co., Ltd. from December 2022 to September 2023. He has served as the Deputy
                      General Manager and member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu Communications Holding
                      Co., Ltd. since September 2023. He has served as a Director of the Company since June 2022
                      with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.




124
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Name           Primary work experience
               Doctoral degree in corporate management and senior engineer. From August 1996 to
               October 2002, he successively served as staff member of the infrastructure investment
               division, staff member and deputy senior staff member of the agriculture division of Jiangsu
               Provincial Department of Finance. From October 2002 to August 2020, he worked at Jiangsu
               Communications Holding Co., Ltd. and successively served as assistant to the director of the
               office, deputy director of the office, deputy director of the operation and safety department,
               deputy director of the Toll Management Center of Expressway Network of Jiangsu
               Province, director of the Information Center and deputy director of the office, director of
Ke Xiang
               the development strategy and policy regulation research office, deputy director of the
               investment and development department, director of the strategic research office, deputy                  About Us
               director of the corporate management and legal affairs department, and director of the
               strategic planning department. Since August 2020, he has been deputy general manager
               and member of the party committee of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. Since November 2020,
               he has been deputy general manager, member of the party committee and general counsel
               of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. He has been a Director of the Company since February 2021
               with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
               Master’s degree in national economy and is a senior political engineer. He served as a


                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
               cadre, staff member and senior staff member of the Counsellors’ Office of Jiangsu Provincial
               People’s Government from August 1996 to July 2003; senior staff member of the General


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
               Division of the Elderly Cadre Bureau of Jiangsu Provincial Committee from July 2003 to
               August 2004; senior staff member, principal staff member and deputy director of the General
               Division (Policy and Regulations Division) of the office of Jiangsu Provincial Government
               State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission (Party Committee
               Office) from August 2004 to January 2015; deputy general manager (department general
               manager level), general manager of the strategic planning department, director of the Party
Liu
               Committee office, secretary to the board of directors, director of the office of the board of
Changchun
               directors, general manager of the human resources department (organization department




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
               of the Party Committee) and deputy director of the Inspection Work Office of the Party
               Committee of SOHO Holdings from January 2015 to August 2020; vice president, member
               of the Party Committee and secretary to the board of directors of Jiangsu SOHO Holdings
               Group Co., Ltd. from August 2020 to September 2020. He has served as the vice president, a
               member of the Party Committee, secretary to the board of directors and general counsel of
               Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. since September 2020. He has served as a Director of
               the Company since November 2023 with a term of office in current session of the Board from
               December 2022 to December 2025.
               Doctoral degree in industrial economics. From July 1994 to September 1997, he served as
               intern researcher in the Institute of Occupational Medicine of the General Research Institute
               of Coal Science ( 煤 炭 科 學 研 究 總 院 職 業 醫 學 研 究 所 ); from March 2000 to September 2001, he


                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
               served as analyst in the development strategy department of Lenovo Group Limited;
               from July 2005 to September 2017, he served as the lecturer and associate professor of
               accounting and deputy head of the accounting department at the School of Economics and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Zhang Jinxin   Management of Beijing Jiaotong University; from September 2017 to June 2023, he has served
               as the deputy general manager of the research and planning department of Chengtong
               Fund Management Company Limited ( 誠通基金管理有限公司 ) (presiding over the work); from
               June 2023 to present, he has served as the general manager of the research and planning
               department of Chengtong Fund Management Company Limited. He has served as a Director
               of the Company since December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Board
               from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                                125
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name         Primary work experience
                       Bachelor of national economic management and is a senior economist. She worked at Bank
                       of China Nanjing Branch and Bank of China Jiangsu Branch from August 1991 to August 2007;
                       worked at Bank of Jiangsu and successively served as the assistant to the General Manager
                       of Planning and Finance Department, the Deputy General Manager of Human Resources
                       Department, and the General Manager of Human Resources Department and Head of
          Yin Lihong
                       Organization Department of Party Committee from September 2007 to June 2021; and joined
                       Huatai Securities in June 2021 and served as Deputy Secretary of the Party Committee of
                       the Company from June 2021 to June 2022. She has been a Deputy Secretary of the Party
                       Committee and a Director of the Company since June 2022 with a term of office in current
                       session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
                       Doctoral degree in civil and commercial law. From August 1998 to May 2006, he taught
                       at Nanjing Tech Law School. From May 2006 to May 2016, he taught at Hohai University
                       School of Law. From May 2016 to April 2021, he has been a professor, doctor-postgraduate
                       supervisor and dean at the College of Humanities and Social Sciences of Nanjing University
                       of Aeronautics and Astronautics, and has been a professor and doctor-postgraduate
                       supervisor at the Law School of Nanjing University and the director of the Competing
                       Policy and Corporate Compliance Research Center of Nanjing University since May 2021.
                       He successively served as member of the legal expert pool of Jiangsu Provincial Party
          Wang         Committee (first session and second session), decision-making advisory expert of the
          Jianwen      thirteenth session of the Standing Committee of Jiangsu Provincial People’s Congress, legal
                       advisor of Jiangsu Political Consultative Conference (first session and second session),
                       non-permanent member of the selection committee of judges and prosecutors of Jiangsu
                       Province (second session and third session), associate expert of the leader group of the
                       Jiangsu Provincial Administration of Market Regulation, specially invited advisory expert
                       of Nanjing Intermediate People’s Court, legal advisor of Nanjing Qinhuai District Party
                       Committee and other positions. He has been an independent non-executive Director of
                       the Company since June 2020 with a term of office in current session of the Board from
                       December 2022 to December 2025.
                       Doctoral degree in business management. He served as a teaching assistant in the
                       Information Center of the Business School of Nanjing University from September 1993 to
                       August 1995; a lecturer in the Information Center of the Business School of Nanjing University
                       from September 1995 to March 2001; an associate professor and the Deputy Dean of the
                       Department of E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing University from April 2001 to
                       September 2008; an associate professor and the Dean of the Department of E-commerce
                       of the Business School of Nanjing University from September 2008 to December 2010; a
          Wang
                       professor and the Dean of the Department of E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing
          Quansheng
                       University from January 2011 to July 2013; a professor and the Dean of the Department of
                       Marketing and E-commerce of the Business School of Nanjing University from July 2013
                       to September 2016; and a professor and the Deputy Dean of the Management School of
                       Nanjing University from September 2016 to November 2020. He has been a professor and
                       the Deputy Dean of the Business School of Nanjing University since November 2020. He has
                       served as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since June 2022 with a
                       term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.




126
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Name          Primary work experience
              Doctoral degree in international law. From July 1993 to August 1994, he served as employee
              of Chuzhou Sub-branch, Anhui Branch of the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China; from
              April 2000 to July 2005, he served as lecturer at the Law School of Peking University; from July
              2005 to July 2017, he served as associate professor at the Law School of Peking University;
              from July 2017 to present, he has served as professor at the Law School of Peking University.
Peng Bing     At present, he concurrently serves as arbitrator of Shenzhen Court of International Arbitration,
              arbitrator of Beijing Arbitration Commission, mediator of Shenzhen Securities and Futures
              Dispute Resolution Centre, and vice president and secretary general of China Business Law
              Society. He has served as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since
              December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to                   About Us
              December 2025.
              Doctoral degree in accounting. From July 2007 to December 2011, he served as lecturer in
              the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University Business School; from December 2011
              to December 2016, he served as associate professor in the Department of Accounting of
              Nanjing University Business School; from December 2016 to January 2022, he served as
              associate professor and secretary of the party branch of the Department of Accounting
              of Nanjing University Business School; from January 2022 to December 2022, he served as


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
              associate professor, deputy head of the Department and secretary of the party branch of
Wang Bing
              the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University Business School; from December 2022 to


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
              January 2024, he served as professor, deputy head of the Department and secretary of the
              party branch of the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University Business School; from
              January 2024 to present, he has served as professor and deputy head of the Department
              of the Department of Accounting of Nanjing University Business School. He has served as an
              independent non-executive Director of the Company since December 2022 with a term of
              office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.
             Bachelor’s degree in English. From September 1975 to December 1979, he worked in the
             Foreign Affairs Bureau of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences; from December 1979 to




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
             October 1981, he worked in the Funds Department of the Head Office of the Bank of China;
             from October 1981 to July 1986, he served as deputy manager of the Foreign Exchange
             Department of the London Branch of the Bank of China; from July 1986 to October 1989, he
             served as deputy head of the Funds Department of the Head Office of the Bank of China;
             from October 1989 to December 1992, he served as head of the Funds Department of the
             Tokyo Branch of the Bank of China; from January 1993 to January 1996, he served as deputy
Tse Yung Hoi general manager of H.K. Yongxin Industrial Limited; from January 1996 to July 1998, he served
             as standing deputy general manager of Hong Kong Shun Loong Group; from July 1998 to
             December 2002, he served as deputy general manager of the Investment Management
             Department and deputy general manager of the Global Markets Department of the Head




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
             Office of the Bank of China; from December 2002 to December 2012, he served as deputy
             executive president of BOC International Holdings Limited; from January 2003 to present, he
             has served as chairman of BOCI-Prudential Asset Management Limited in Hong Kong. He has
             served as an independent non-executive Director of the Company since December 2022



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
             with a term of office in current session of the Board from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                                 127
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name          Primary work experience
                     Master’s degree in coastal engineering. From July 1990 to May 1998, he worked in Nanjing
                     Public Security Bureau. From May 1998 to November 2005, he worked in the technical
                     supervision office, head office of brokerage management, and Nanjing Hanzhong Road
                     securities business office of Huatai Securities. From November 2005 to January 2019, he
                     served as a deputy general manager (in charge of work) and general manager of Xi’an
                     North Wenyi Road securities business office, general manager of Xi’an regional center
          Gu
                     securities business office, general manager of Nanjing Ruijin Road securities business office,
          Chengzhong
                     and general manager of Nanjing branch of Huatai Securities. He has been the general
                     manager of the compliance and legal affairs department of the Company since January
                     2019 and an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since April 2019. He has
                     been the chairman of Supervisory Committee of the Company since October 2021 with
                     a term of office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to
                     December 2025.
                        Bachelor’s degree in business administration, and is a senior economist and senior
                        accountant. From August 1998 to August 2009, she served as accountant of the finance
                        department, director of the finance department, deputy general manager and director of
                        the finance department of Tongda General Company of Jiangsu Huaiyin Power Generation
                        Company; from August 2009 to March 2018, she served as deputy director of the finance
                        department (chief rank), director of the finance department, deputy chief accountant and
                        director of the finance department, member of the party committee and deputy general
          Li Chongqi    manager of Jiangsu Huaiyin Power Generation Company; from March 2018 to June 2022,
                        she served as deputy general manager of the human resources department and deputy
                        general manager (departmental chief level) of Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group; from June
                        2022 to August 2023, she served as general manager of the finance department of Jiangsu
                        Guoxin Investment Group ; since August 2023, she has served as chief accountant and
                        member of the party committee of Jiangsu Railway Group. She has served as Supervisor of
                        the Company since December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory
                        Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.




128
                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Name         Primary work experience
             Master’s degree in industrial economics, a principal senior accountant and certified public
             accountant. She served at the finance department of Nanjing Runtai Industrial Trading
             Company ( 南 京 潤 泰 實 業 貿 易 公 司 ) from August 1993 to August 1996. She pursued master’s
             studies of industrial economics in Nanjing University of Science and Technology ( 南京理工大學 )
             from September 1996 to April 1999, served at the finance and audit department of Jiangsu
             United Trust and Investment Company ( 江蘇聯合信託投資公司 ) from May 1999 to December
             2002. She worked at the finance and audit division of Jiangsu Communications Industry
             Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通產業集團有限公司 ) from January 2003 to September 2004, the finance
             and audit department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇交通控股有限公司 )
             from October 2004 to May 2008. She successively served as the deputy manager (in charge                  About Us
             of work), manager of the finance and accounting division, deputy chief financial officer
             (departmental level), chief financial officer and member of the Party Committee of Jiangsu
             Expressway Company Limited ( 江蘇寧滬高速公路股份有限公司 ) from June 2008 to November
Yu Lanying
             2016. She served as the deputy general manager, chief financial officer and member of the
             Party Committee of Jiangsu Expressway Company Limited from November 2016 to March
             2018, head of the audit and risk control department of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co.,
             Ltd. from March 2018 to August 2018 and has served as head of the audit and risk control


                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
             department and supervisor of audit center of Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd.
             from August 2018 to November 2019, head of the financial management department of



                                                                                                                    and Strategies
             Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. since November 2019 to June 2022, assistant
             to the general manager and head of the financial management department of Jiangsu
             Communications Holding Co., Ltd. from June 2022 to August 2023, and chief accountant,
             member of the party committee and head of the financial management department of
             Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd. since August 2023. She has served concurrently as
             Supervisor of the Company since October 2018, with a term of office in current session of the
             Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.
             Master’s degree in business administration and is an international business operator.




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
             Ms. Zhang served as the export sales manager of Nanjing Native Produce and Animal
             Byproducts Import and Export Co., Ltd. ( 南京市土產畜產進出口股份公司 ) from August 1989 to
             April 1997; assistant to the manager and manager of Jiangsu Xinsu Investment Management
             Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇鑫蘇投資管理有限公司 ) from April 1997 to November 2000; manager of Jiangsu
             Venture Capital Co., Ltd. ( 江 蘇 省 創 業 投 資 有 限 公 司 ) from December 2000 to May 2005; senior
Zhang
             manager, deputy general manager of the asset management department, general
Xiaohong
             manager of the asset management department and general manager of the investment
             operations department of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高科技投資集團有限公司 ) from
             May 2005 to July 2020; and vice general manager of Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd. since July
             2020. She has served as a Supervisor of the Company since December 2019, with a term of
             office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December



                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
             2025.




                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                             129
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name        Primary work experience
                      College degree in financial accounting and international trade and is a principal senior
                      accountant. From August 1993 to May 2003, she served as clerk of the garment finance
                      division and deputy section chief of the garment finance and accounting division of the
                      asset finance department of Jiangsu Silk Import & Export Group Co. Ltd.; from May 2003 to
                      January 2010, she served as deputy section chief of the garment finance and accounting
                      division, deputy section chief of the second accounting division, deputy section chief of
                      the light textile finance and accounting division, and head of the light textile finance and
          Zhou        accounting division of the finance department of Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.;
          Hongrong    from January 2010 to March 2012, she served as assistant to the general manager of the
                      asset and finance department of Jiangsu Silk Group Corporation; from March 2012 to
                      December 2020, she served as deputy general manager of asset and finance department
                      and general manager of asset and finance department of Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group
                      Co., Ltd.; from December 2020 to present, she has served as vice president and member of
                      the party committee of Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. She has served as Supervisor
                      of the Company since December 2022 with a term of office in current session of the
                      Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December 2025.
                      Master’s degree in public administration. She worked in the organization department of the
                      Municipal Committee of Yangzhong and the Municipal Party Committee of Youth League in
                      Yangzhong from August 2000 to June 2004. From June 2004 to January 2016, she worked at
                      the State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial
                      People’s Government, successively serving as the principal staff member of the enterprise
                      leadership personnel management division, principal staff member of the administrative
                      office, deputy division chief of the public working division, deputy division chief of the Party
          Wang Ying
                      construction work division and deputy division chief of the enterprise leadership personnel
                      management division, etc. She joined Huatai Securities in January 2016 and has been serving
                      as the head of the Communist Party union working department of Huatai Securities since
                      April 2016. She has been the chairman of labor union of the Company since December 2021,
                      an Employee Representative Supervisor of the Company since December 2019, with a term
                      of office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to December
                      2025.
                      Master of scientific socialist legal system construction. From August 1997 to November
                      2015, she worked in the Publicity Department of the CPC Jiangsu Provincial Committee;
                      from November 2015 to November 2016, she served as a deputy director of the General
                      Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management Group Co.,
                      Ltd.; from November 2016 to January 2019, she served as a deputy director of the General
                      Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management Group Co., Ltd.
                      (presiding over the work since July 2017), as well as an executive director and the General
                      Manager of Jiangsu Zijin Cultural and Creative Park Operation and Management Company
          Wang Juan   Limited; from January 2019 to October 2019, she served as a deputy director (presiding
                      over the work) of the General Administration Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment &
                      Management Group Co., Ltd.; from October 2019 to July 2020, she served as the director of
                      the Party-Masses Work Department of Jiangsu Cultural Investment & Management Group
                      Co., Ltd.; from July 2020 to February 2023, she served as the Deputy Director of the Office of
                      the Company; since February 2023, she has been the Director of the Office of the Company;
                      since October 2021, she has been the employee representative Supervisor of the Company,
                      with a term of office in current session of the Supervisory Committee from December 2022 to
                      December 2025.




130
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Name         Primary work experience
             Doctor of management science and engineering and is a senior economist. He served as
             a secretary of student affairs office, teacher, deputy secretary of Youth League Committee,
             director of educational affairs section and director of teaching and research office and
             vice-principal of Jiangsu Post and Telecommunications School ( 江蘇省郵電學校 ). He also
             served as deputy director of Jiangsu Telecom Staff Training Center ( 江 蘇 省 電 信 職 工 培 訓 中
             心 ), manager of enterprise planning department, office director, general manager of Wuxi
             Branch, deputy general manager, member of the Leading Party Members’ Group of China
Han          Telecom Jiangsu Company Limited ( 中國電信江蘇公司 ). He was the general manager and


                                                                                                                        About Us
Zhencong     secretary of the Leading Party Members’ Group of China Telecom Heilongjiang Company
             Limited from September 2009 to February 2012. He was the general manager of the
             government and enterprise customer business division of China Telecom from February
             2012 to July 2016, and was the general manager and secretary of the Party Committee
             of China Telecom Zhejiang Company Limited from July 2016 to December 2019. He joined
             HTSC in December 2019 and has been a member of the Executive Committee and the chief
             information officer of the Company since April 2022 with a term of office in current session of
             the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.
             Master of business administration, Mr. Sun once worked as a clerk, officer and deputy chief


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
             of the cadre section of human resources division of Jiangsu Branch of the PBOC; deputy
             chief (presiding) and chief of human resources division of Jiangsu Securities Company
             ( 江蘇省證券公司 ); chief of human resources division, chief of the organization department,

                                                                                                                      and Strategies
             general manager of the human resources department, secretary of the discipline inspection
             commission, chief inspection officer, a member of the Party Committee and vice president
Sun Hanlin   of Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company ( 华泰证券有限责任公司 ). He was vice president,
             secretary of the discipline inspection commission and a member of the Party Committee of
             the Company from December 2007 to December 2015. He was vice president and a member
             of the Party Committee of the Company from December 2015 to November 2019. He was
             vice president of the Company from November 2019 to December 2019, and has been a




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
             member of Executive Committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office
             in current session of the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.
             Master of agricultural economics and management. Mr. Jiang once taught at Nanjing
             Agricultural University ( 南京農業大學 ). He worked at Jiangsu Securities Company ( 江蘇省證券
             公司 ) as an employee of the human resources division, chief of the training and education
             section of the human resources division, deputy general manager of the stock affairs
             department under the investment banking head office, deputy general manager of No. 1
             investment banking department, senior manager of No. 1 investment banking department,
             deputy general manager of the investment banking head office and general manager
             of the issuance department, general manager of the asset management head office of




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
             Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company, general manager of the investment banking
             business Nanjing head office, director of investment banking business and general manager
Jiang Jian
             of Nanjing head office, assistant to the president and general manager of Shanghai
             head office, assistant to the president, secretary to the Board of Directors, assistant to the



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
             president and general manager of institutional customer service department, vice president
             and secretary to the Board of Directors, and a member of the Party Committee. He was
             vice president, secretary to the Board of Directors and a member of the Party Committee
             of the Company from December 2007 to April 2017, vice president and a member of the
             Party Committee of the Company from April 2017 to November 2019 and vice president of
             the Company from November 2019 to December 2019. He has been a member of Executive
             Committee of the Company since December 2019 with a term of office in current session of
             the senior management from December 2022 to December 2025.




                                                                                                               131
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name          Primary work experience
                        Doctor of technology economics and management. Mr. Zhang once worked at Dongcheng
                        District Personnel Exchange Service Center of Beijing ( 北京東城區人才交流服務中心 ), Brilliance
                        Group ( 華 晨 集 團 ) Shanghai Office, Tongshang Holdings Co., Ltd. ( 通 商 控 股 有 限 公 司 ) and
                        Beijing Lianchuang Investment and Management Co., Ltd. ( 北 京 聯 創 投 資 管 理 有 限 公 司 ). He
                        served as a senior manager of the asset management head office of Huatai Securities
                        and deputy general manager of the business office at Nantong Yaogang Road. Mr. Zhang
                        served as the general manager of the business office at Shanghai Ruijin First Road, deputy
                        general manager of securities investment department of the Company; general manager
                        of the Company’s general affairs department from July 2012 to January 2016; general
          Zhang Hui     manager of the human resources department and head of the organization department
                        of the Party Committee of the Company from January 2016 to April 2017; secretary to the
                        Board of Directors, general manager of the human resources department and head of the
                        organization department of the Party Committee of the Company from April 2017 to March
                        2019; and secretary to the Board of Directors of the Company from March 2019 to December
                        2019, and a member of the Executive Committee and secretary to the Board of Directors of
                        the Company from December 2019 to July 2022. He has been a member of the Executive
                        Committee, secretary to the Board of Directors and party committee member of the
                        Company since July 2022, with a term of office in current session of the senior management
                        from December 2022 to December 2025.
                        Master’s degree in control science and engineering. Mr. Chen once was an engineer of
                        Eastcom Co., Ltd. ( 東方通信股份有限公司 ), project manager of Nanjing Xinwang Telecom
                        Tech Co., Ltd. ( 南京欣網視訊科技股份有限公司 ), senior engineer of the information technology
                        department, website operation manager of customer service center, head of network
                        marketing team and assistant to general manager of financial service center of Huatai
          Chen          Securities. He served as the deputy general manager of the head office of brokerage
          Tianxiang     business of the Company from April 2015 to August 2015; deputy general manager of the
                        internet finance department of the Company (in charge of work) from August 2015 to June
                        2017; and general manager of the internet finance department of the Company from June
                        2017 to March 2022. He has been a member of the Executive Committee of the Company
                        since February 2020, with a term of office in current session of the senior management from
                        December 2022 to December 2025.
                        Master’s degree of accounting, an accountant. She once was a cadre of Industrial and
                        Commercial Bank of China Limited ( 中國工商銀行股份有限公司 ) Beijing Branch as well as a
                        cadre, deputy chief clerk and chief clerk of the comprehensive division of the accounting
                        department of Ministry of Finance ( 財政部 ). She served as the deputy division chief of the second
                        division of standards of the accounting department of Ministry of Finance, investigator
                        of the second division of the system from November 2003 to November 2009; a cadre,
          Jiao Xiaoning
                        investigator, director and leading cadre of the system division of the accounting department
                        of the CSRC from November 2009 to January 2014; deputy inspector and deputy director
                        of the accounting department of the CSRC from January 2014 to January 2020. She joined
                        Huatai Securities in January 2020 and has been the chief financial officer of the Company
                        since March 2020, with a term of office in current session of the senior management from
                        December 2022 to December 2025.




132
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Name          Primary work experience
              Doctor of finance. Mr. Jiao was once the manager and director assistant of trading operation
              department, director assistant and deputy director of trading management department,
              deputy director of executive office and general manager’s secretary, and director of board
              of governors office and deputy director of executive office of Shanghai Stock Exchange. He
              served as the director of board of governors office and deputy director of executive office,
              director of CPC Committee Office and director of board of supervisors office of Shanghai
Jiao Kai      Stock Exchange from January 2013 to March 2014; director of Beijing center of Shanghai Stock
              Exchange from March 2014 to February 2017; general manager of membership department
              of Shanghai Stock Exchange from February 2017 to December 2019. He joined Huatai
              Securities in December 2019 serving as the general legal counsel of the Company and has                  About Us
              been the chief compliance officer and general legal counsel of the Company since February
              2020 with a term of office in current session of the senior management from December 2022
              to December 2025.
           Master of computer and finance. Mr. Wang served as the principal staff member of the
           treasury department/global financial marketing department of Bank of China ( 中 國 銀 行 )
           from July 1995 to March 2003; middle office chief of internal risk control for European treasury
           operations at the London Branch of Bank of China from March 2003 to May 2007; leader of


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
           interest rate derivative product and fixed income risks team of J.P. Morgan Securities (JP 摩根
Wang Chong 證券 ) from June 2007 to January 2010; risk compliance officer of China International Capital
           Corporation (UK) Limited ( 中國國際金融有限公司 ( 英國 )) from January 2010 to November 2014.

                                                                                                                     and Strategies
           He has been general manager of risk management department of the Company from
           December 2014 to January 2022 and chief risk officer of the Company since March 2017
           with a term of office in current session of the senior management from December 2022 to
           December 2025.
              Bachelor of statistics. She once was the business director, business controller, senior
              manager and compensation and benefits manager of the human resources department
              of Huatai Securities. She served as the assistant to the general manager of the human




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
              resources department of the Company from April 2011 to May 2014; deputy general manager
              of the human resources department of the Company from May 2014 to March 2019; general
              manager of the human resources department and head of the organization department
              of the Party Committee of the Company from March 2019 to December 2022 ; and director
Sun Yan
              of human resources, general manager of the human resources department and head
              of the organization department of the Party Committee of the Company from December
              2022 to October 2023. She has been the director of human resources, member of the
              party committee, general manager of the human resources department and head of the
              organization department of the Party Committee of the Company since October 2023
              with a term of office in current session of the senior management from December 2022 to




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
              December 2025.




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              133
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Employment of Directors, Supervisors and senior management at present and
          those retired during the Reporting Period

          1. Employment at the Shareholders’ companies

                             Name of the                                     Commencement
          Name of            Shareholder’s                                   of the term of      Expiration of the
          employee           companies              Position                 office              term of office
                             Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                    General manager of the
          Ding Feng          Investment Group                              March 8, 2018         –
                                                    finance department
                             Limited
                                                    Deputy general
                         Jiangsu                    manager, party           June 8, 2020        –
          Chen Zhongyang Communications             committee member
                         Holding Co., Ltd.                                                       September 26,
                                                    General legal counsel    December 16, 2022
                                                                                                 2023
                                                    Deputy general
                             Govtor Capital Group   manager, party           August 17, 2020     –
          Ke Xiang
                             Co., Ltd.              committee member
                                                    General legal counsel    November 11, 2020   –
                                                    Vice president, party
                                                                             August 14, 2020     –
                                                    committee member
                             Jiangsu SOHO Holdings
          Liu Changchun                            Secretary to the Board    May 25, 2017        –
                             Group Co., Ltd.
                                                                             September 28,
                                                    General legal counsel                        –
                                                                             2020
                             Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                    General manager of the
          Li Chongqi         Investment Group                              June 2, 2022          August 28, 2023
                                                    finance department
                             Limited
                                                    Head of the financial
                                                    management               November 22, 2019 –
                             Jiangsu                department
          Yu Lanying         Communications         Assistant to the general
                                                                             June 1, 2022        August 28, 2023
                             Holding Co., Ltd.      manager
                                                    Chief accountant, party
                                                                            August 28, 2023      –
                                                    committee member
                                                    Deputy general
          Zhang Xiaohong     Govtor Capital Group                            July 8, 2020        –
                                                    manager
                             Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Vice president, party
          Zhou Hongrong                                                      December 10, 2020 –
                             Group Co., Ltd.       committee member
          Explanation of the
          employment at
                             Nil
          the Shareholders’
          Companies




134
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
2. Employment at other companies

                                                                           Commencement Expiration of
Name of                                                                    of the term of the term of
employee    Name of other companies                       Position         office         office
            Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)                          November 28,
                                                          Director                          –
            Limited                                                        2006
                                                                           October 31,
            AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.            Director                          –
                                                                           2016
            CSOP Asset Management Limited ( 南方東英                           November 7,
Zhou Yi                                          Chairman                                   –
            資產管理有限公司 )                                                     2017

                                                                                                                 About Us
            China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                      Chairman             May 27, 2022     –
            ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )
                                                                           September 20,
            Huatai Securities (Singapore) Pte. Limited    Director                       –
                                                                           2022
            Jiangsu United Credit Service Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                         Director          June 14, 2019    –
            省聯合征信有限公司 )
            Jiangsu Guoxin Credit Financing Guarantee
                                                      Director             August 12, 2019 –
            Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省國信信用融資擔保有限公司 )

                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
            Zking Property & Casualty Insurance Co.,                       February 20,
Ding Feng                                                 Director                          –
            Ltd. ( 紫金財產保險股份有限公司 )                                          2021


                                                                                                               and Strategies
                                                                           February 8,
            Lian Life Co., Ltd. ( 利安人壽股份有限公司 )            Director                          –
                                                                           2023
            Jiangsu International Trust Corporation
                                                          Vice chairman    March 22, 2024 –
            Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )
          China Eastern Airlines Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 中                                      December
                                                       Director            March 23, 2021
          國東方航空江蘇有限公司 )
Chen
                                                                                            29, 2023
Zhongyang
          Jinling Hotel Co., Ltd. ( 金陵飯店股份有限公司 ) Director                  May 25, 2021     –




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
            Jiangsu Addor Huijing Asset Management                         November 4,
                                                          Director                          –
            Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達匯景資產管理有限公司 )                                   2020
            Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co., Ltd. Director, general    December 8,
                                                                                            –
Ke Xiang    ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )                          manager              2020
            Jiangsu Fenghai New Energy Seawater
                                                                           December 18,
            Desalination Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇豐      Director                          –
                                                                           2020
            海新能源淡化海水發展有限公司 )
            Shanxi Jinbo Bio-Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.     Independent
                                                                           March 12, 2020   –
            ( 山西錦波生物醫藥股份有限公司 )                            director
            Beijing Tiandetai Technology Company          Independent



                                                                                                                Financial Report and
                                                                           April 28, 2020   –
            Limited ( 北京天德泰科技股份有限公司 )                     director
Zhang       Gkht (Beijing) Medical Technology Co., Ltd.   Independent      December 12,
                                                                                            –
Jinxin      ( 國科恒泰 ( 北京 ) 醫療科技股份有限公司 )                    director         2022



                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
                                                          General manager
            Chengtong Fund Management Company             of the research
                                                                          June 5, 2023      –
            Limited ( 誠通基金管理有限公司 )                        and planning
                                                          department




                                                                                                        135
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                  Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                 of the term of the term of
          employee    Name of other companies                       Position      office         office
                      Changshu Feifan Metalwork Co., Ltd. ( 常熟      Independent
                                                                                  April 15, 2021   –
                      非凡新材股份有限公司 )                                  director
                      Law School of Nanjing University              Professor     May 1, 2021      –
                      Tongfu Microelectronics Co., Ltd. ( 通富微電      Independent   December 16,
          Wang                                                                                     –
                      子股份有限公司 )                                     director      2021
          Jianwen
                      Nanjing Xinjiekou Department Store Co., Ltd. Independent    January 17,
                                                                                                   –
                      ( 南京新街口百貨商店股份有限公司 )                          director       2023
                      Trinapower Co., Ltd. ( 天合富家能源股份有限公 Independent
                                                                                  April 23, 2023   –
                      司)                                 director
                                                                                  December 31,
                                                                    Professor                      –
                                                                                  2010
                      Business School of Nanjing University
          Wang                                                                    November 30,
                                                                    Deputy dean                    –
          Quansheng                                                               2020
                      Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd. ( 南京鋼鐵股份有 Independent
                                                                                  June 30, 2022    –
                      限公司 )                                    director
                      Law School of Peking University               Professor     April 1, 2000    –
          Peng Bing   HSBC Qianhai Securities Limited ( 滙豐前海證 Independent         September 1,     August 30,
                      券有限責任公司 )                               director            2017             2023
                      Changzhou Tronly New Electronic Materials Independent       October 10,      October 9,
                      Co., Ltd. ( 常州強力電子新材料股份有限公司 )             director          2017             2023
                      HIT Welding Industry Co., Ltd. ( 哈焊所華通 ( 常 Independent                       March 18,
                                                                                  June 1, 2019
                      州 ) 焊業股份有限公司 )                             director                          2024
                      Kuangda Technology Group Co. Ltd. ( 曠達        Independent
          Wang Bing                                                               May 12, 2020     –
                      科技集團股份有限公司 )                                  director
                      Jiangsu Jiuwu High-Tech Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇久吾 Independent
                                                                                  June 20, 2022    –
                      高科技股份有限公司 )                              director
                      Department of Accounting of the Business                    December 31,
                                                                    Professor                      –
                      School of Nanjing University                                2022
                      BOCI-Prudential Asset Management Limited                    January 24,
                                                               Chairman                            –
                      ( 中銀國際英國保誠資產管理有限公司 )                                        2003
                      BOCOM International Holdings Company          Independent
                                                                                  June 26, 2014    –
                      Limited ( 交銀國際控股有限公司 )                        director
                      Qianhai Financial Holdings Co., Limited ( 前   Independent
          Tse Yung                                                                July 21, 2014    –
                      海金融控股有限公司 )                                   director
          Hoi
                      DTXS Silk Road Investment Holdings
                                                                    Independent   November 16,     October 1,
                      Company Limited ( 大唐西市絲路投資控股有
                                                                    director      2017             2023
                      限公司 )
                      Vico International Holdings Limited ( 域高國     Independent   January 16,
                                                                                                   March 1, 2024
                      際控股有限公司 )                                     director      2018
                      Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd. ( 華                 January 18,
                                                                    Supervisor                     –
          Gu         泰紫金投資有限責任公司 )                                                2019
          Chengzhong Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權
                                                                    Supervisor    March 18, 2020   –
                      交易中心有限責任公司 )




136
                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                           Commencement Expiration of
Name of                                                                    of the term of the term of
employee     Name of other companies                    Position           office         office
                                                    Chairman of
             Hong Kong Broadsino Investment Company                                          October 27,
                                                    the supervisory        May 8, 2018
             Limited ( 香港博騰國際投資貿易有限公司 )                                                      2023
                                                    committee
             Suzhou Zhongfang Consortium Holding
                                                                                             October 27,
             Company Limited ( 蘇州中方財團控股股份有              Director           June 10, 2019
                                                                                             2023
             限公司 )


                                                                                                                     About Us
             Jiangsu Radio and Television Information
             Network Investment Company Limited ( 江     Vice chairman      May 20, 2020      –
             蘇省廣播電視信息網絡投資有限公司 )
Li Chongqi
                                                        Director           May 20, 2020
             Jiangsu Railway Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省鐵路 Chief accountant,
             集團有限公司 )
                                                                       August 28,
                                                     party committee                         –
                                                                       2023
                                                     member
                                                        Chairman of
             Jiangsu New Energy Development Co., Ltd.                                        November 13,

                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                                        the supervisory    August 10, 2021
             ( 江蘇省新能源開發股份有限公司 )                                                              2023
                                                        committee



                                                                                                                   and Strategies
             Jiangsu International Trust Corporation                       October 21,       November 24,
                                                        Director
             Limited ( 江蘇省國際信託有限責任公司 )                                     2022              2023
             Jiangsu Re-guarantee Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇
                                                       Supervisor          May 27, 2018      –
             省信用再擔保集團有限公司 )
                                                         Chairman of
             Jiangsu Salt Industry Group Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省                   December 3,
                                                         the supervisory                     –
             鹽業集團有限責任公司 )                                                  2018
                                                         committee




                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
             Jiangsu Jinsuzheng Investment and
Yu Lanying                                                                 December 3,
             Development Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金蘇證投資發展有 Director                                     –
                                                                           2018
             限公司 )
             Bank of Nanjing Co., Ltd. ( 南京銀行股份有限公                         September 16,     January 8,
                                                   Director
             司)                                                            2020              2024
             Jiangsu Financial Leasing Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇金融                    February 7,
                                                        Director                             –
             租賃股份有限公司 )                                                    2024




                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                            137
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                       Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                                      of the term of the term of
          employee     Name of other companies                     Position            office         office
                                                            Legal
                       iangsu Talent Innovation and Venture representative,
                       Service Center Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省人才創新創業 executive director October 9, 2019 –
                       服務中心有限公司 )                           and general
                                                            manager
                                                                 Legal
                       Jiangsu Govtor Asset Management Co., Ltd.
                                                                 representative,       August 26, 2021 –
                       ( 江蘇高投資產管理有限公司 )
                                                                 chairman
                       Jiangsu Xinxin Retail Innovation Fund Designated
                       (Limited Partnership) ( 江蘇新新零售創新基金 representative of August 26, 2021 –
                       ( 有限合夥 ))                             executive partner
                       Jiangsu Govtor Venture Capital              Legal
                                                                                       December 24,     December 23,
                       Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇高投創業投資管            representative,
                                                                                       2021             2023
                       理有限公司 )
          Zhang
                                                                   chairman
          Xiaohong
                                                                   Legal
                       Jiangsu Govtor Innovation Investment Co.,
                                                                   representative,    April 18, 2023    –
                       Ltd. ( 江蘇高投創新投資有限責任公司 )
                                                                   executive director
                       Jiangsu Addor Equity Investment Fund
                       Management Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇毅達股權投資基            Supervisor          June 26, 2023    –
                       金管理有限公司 )
                       Jiangsu State-owned Enterprises
                                                                   Designated
                       Mixed-ownership Reform fund (Limited                                             December 23,
                                                                   representative of July 19, 2023
                       Partnership) ( 江蘇國有企業混合所有制改革基                                                    2023
                                                                   executive partner
                       金 ( 有限合夥 ))
                       Jiangsu Strategic and Emerging Industries
                                                                                       September 21,
                       Parent Fund Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇省戰略性新興產業母基 Supervisor                                  –
                                                                                       2023
                       金有限公司 )
                                                                Legal
                       Jiangsu Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇股權
          Sun Hanlin                                            representative,        March 1, 2021    March 6, 2024
                       交易中心有限責任公司 )
                                                                chairman
                       Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ( 江蘇銀行股份有限
          Jiang Jian                                               Director            May 16, 2012     –
                       公司 )
                       China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.                       October 18,
          Zhang Hui                                              Director                               –
                       ( 南方基金管理股份有限公司 )                                                2016
                       Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
          Chen
                       Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產 Director                  March 30, 2018 –
          Tianxiang
                       管理有限公司 )
                       AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.          Chairman            April 21, 2020   –
          Jiao         Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Asset
          Xiaoning     Management Co., Ltd. ( 華泰證券 ( 上海 ) 資產 Director                  August 10, 2020 –
                       管理有限公司 )




138
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                             Commencement Expiration of
Name of                                                                      of the term of the term of
employee   Name of other companies                      Position             office         office
           Huatai International Financial Holdings
                                                                             February 28,
           Company Limited ( 華泰國際金融控股有限公                Director                              –
                                                                             2018
           司)
           Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong)
                                                        Chief risk officer   July 30, 2018    –
           Limited ( 華泰金融控股 ( 香港 ) 有限公司 )
Wang
Chong
                                                                             September 28,
           Huatai Securities USA Holdings, Inc.         Director                           –

                                                                                                                       About Us
                                                                             2018
                                                                             September 28,
           Huatai Securities (USA), Inc.                Director                           –
                                                                             2018
                                                        Managing
                                                        director of
           Alibaba Group Holding Limited                strategic            January 1, 2020 –
                                                        investment
                                                        department


                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                                                                              August 30,
           Dianwoba Holdings Limited                    Director             May 30, 2020
                                                                                              2023
           YTO Express Group Co., Ltd. ( 圓通速遞股份有

                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                                                             February 25,
                                                 Director                                     –
           限公司 )                                                             2021
                                                                             September 9,
           New Carzone Inc.                             Director                              June 21, 2023
                                                                             2021
           Jiangsu Kangzhong Auto Parts Co., Ltd. ( 江                        September 30,
                                                        Director                           June 30, 2023
           蘇康眾汽配有限公司 )                                                       2021
                                                                             February 15,
           BEST Inc.                                    Director                              –




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                                                             2022
           Yunshang Exhibition Company Limited ( 雲
                                                        Director             March 1, 2022    –
           上會展有限公司 )
           Travel Ease International (Hong Kong)
                                                        Director             March 9, 2022    June 21, 2023
           Limited
Hu Xiao
           Red Star Macalline Group Corporation Ltd.                                          August 16,
                                                        Director             March 29, 2022
           ( 紅星美凱龍家居集團股份有限公司 )                                                                2023
           Zhejiang Haozhu Network Technology
           Company Limited ( 浙江豪豬網絡技術有限公                Director             July 14, 2022    June 28, 2023
           司)




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                                        Legal
           Hangzhou Alibaba Venture Capital             representative,
           Management Co., Ltd. ( 杭州阿里巴巴創業投             executive director March 9, 2023      –
           資管理有限公司 )                                    and general



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                                                        manager
                                                       Legal
                                                       representative,
           Hangzhou Ali Venture Capital Co., Ltd. ( 杭州
                                                       executive director March 9, 2023       –
           阿里創業投資有限公司 )
                                                       and general
                                                       manager
           Suning.com Group Co., Ltd. ( 蘇寧易購集團股
                                                Director                     April 6, 2023    –
           份有限公司 )
           Lianhua Supermarket Holdings Co., Ltd. ( 聯
                                                        Director             June 15, 2023    –
           華超市股份有限公司 )




                                                                                                              139
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                               Commencement Expiration of
          Name of                                                              of the term of the term of
          employee    Name of other companies                   Position       office         office
                                                            Legal
                                                            representative,
                      Hangzhou Haoyue Enterprise Management                    October 24,
                                                            executive director                –
                      Co., Ltd. ( 杭州灝月企業管理有限公司 )                               2023
                                                            and general
                                                            manager
                                                                               November 15,
                      Xpeng Inc.                                Director                      –
                                                                               2023
          Hu Xiao
                                                                               December 15,
                      Moonshot AI Ltd.                          Director                      –
                                                                               2023
                      Shanghai Yike New Retail Network
                                                                               December 22,
                      Technology Co., Ltd. ( 上海逸刻新零售網絡科         Director                      –
                                                                               2023
                      技有限公司 )
                      Banma Network Technology Co., Ltd. ( 斑馬                  January 30,
                                                                Director                      –
                      網絡技術有限公司 )                                               2024
          Explanation
          of other    Nil
          jobs




140
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(III) Remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and senior management
                                                                                                Currency: RMB


                             The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board is responsible for
Decision-making              advising the Board on the remuneration structure and policies of the Directors
procedures of                and senior management of the Company. The Board makes decisions on
remuneration of the          matters relating to the remuneration of and reward and punishment of senior
Directors, Supervisors and   management in accordance with relevant policies, and matters relating to
senior management            the remuneration of Directors and Supervisors shall be determined at the
                             general meeting.

Whether the Director                                                                                                     About Us
abstains from discussion
                             Yes
on his/her remuneration
at the Board meeting

Recommendation on
                             On March 27, 2024, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the sixth
salaries of the Directors,
                             session of the Board of the Company considered and approved the Report
Supervisors and senior
                             on Performance Assessment and Remuneration of the Supervisors of the

                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
management from
                             Company for 2023 and the Report on Performance of Duties, Performance
the Remuneration and
                             Assessment and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
Appraisal Committee or
                             for 2023 at its 2024 first meeting, and agreed to submit these two resolutions
the special meeting of the
                             to the Board of the Company for consideration.
independent Directors

                             The external Directors and external Supervisors of the Company do not
                             receive remuneration from the Company; standard of remuneration of the
                             independent Directors is determined with reference to that of the listed peers
The basis for determining
                             and based on actual situation of the Company; remuneration of internal
the remuneration of the
                             Directors, employee representative Supervisors and the senior management




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Directors, Supervisors and
                             applies relevant policies of governing authorities and the remuneration
senior management
                             assessment system of the Company, and determined in accordance with the
                             Company’s operation, job responsibilities and the result of annual and tenure
                             performance, as it is linked to position and performance.

Actual payments of
                             Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of
remuneration of the
                             current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during
Directors, Supervisors and
                             the Reporting Period” in this report for details.
senior management

                             Please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure and remuneration of




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                             current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during
                             the Reporting Period” in this report for details.
Total remuneration
actually obtained by all     During the Reporting Period, the Company paid compensations (before



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
Directors, Supervisors and   tax) for previous years which were deferred to 2023: RMB1,180,200 to Zhou
senior management at         Yi; RMB480,500 to Yin Lihong; RMB1,019,500 to Gu Chengzhong; RMB641,100
the end of the Reporting     to Wang Ying; RMB264,000 to Wang Juan; RMB767,500 to Han Zhencong;
Period                       RMB797,900 to Sun Hanlin; RMB797,900 to Jiang Jian; RMB1,225,800 to
                             Zhang Hui; RMB1,326,900 to Chen Tianxiang; RMB1,060,300 to Jiao Xiaoning;
                             RMB1,071,600 to Jiao Kai; RMB830,100 to Wang Chong; and RMB963,300 to Sun
                             Yan.




                                                                                                                141
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (IV) Changes in Directors, Supervisors and senior management

          Name                  Position                                            Change           Reason for Change
          Liu                                                                                         Elected at the 2023 second
                                Non-executive Director                              Elected
          Changchun                                                                                   extraordinary general meeting
                                                                                                      Due to work reasons, she will no longer
          Hu Xiao               Non-executive Director                              Resigned          serve as a non-executive Director of the
                                                                                                      Company


          Notes:
          1. On September 19, 2023, the Board of the Company received a written resignation report from Ms. Hu Xiao, a non-executive Director. Ms. Hu Xiao
          has proposed to resign from her positions as a non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company and as a member of
          the Development Strategy Committee of the Board due to work reasons, upon which she no longer holds any position in the Company. There
          is no disagreement between Ms. Hu Xiao and the Board of the Company, and there is no matter in relation to her resignation that needs to be
          brought to the attention of the shareholders of the Company. Ms. Hu Xiao has also confirmed that she is not a party involved in any on-going or
          pending litigation or dispute against the Company.
          2. On November 24, 2023, the Resolution on the Election of a Non-executive Director of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was
          considered and approved at the 2023 second extraordinary general meeting of the Company, pursuant to which Mr. Liu Changchun was
          elected as a non-executive Director of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, for a term of office until the end of the sixth session of the
          Board.


          Save as disclosed above, the Company did not appoint or dismiss any Director, Supervisor or senior
          management during the Reporting Period. Meanwhile, there is no change of information about the Directors,
          Supervisors and chief executives which shall be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.




          (V) As of the end of the Reporting Period, none of the incumbent Directors,
          Supervisors and senior management or Directors, Supervisors or senior
          management who left office during the Reporting Period had been subject to any
          penalty imposed by the securities regulatory authorities during the last three years




142
                                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
V. MEETINGS OF THE BOARD CONVENED DURING THE REPORTING
PERIOD
                Convening
Meeting         date        Meeting form and place                      Meeting motion                                                             Status

                                                                        1. To consider the 2022 Work Report of the Senior Management of the
                                                                        Company;
                                                                        2. To consider the 2022 Final Financial Report of the Company;
                                                                        3. To consider the 2023 Financial Budget Report of the Company;
                                                                        4. To consider the Resolution on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from
                                                                        Selling Restriction of the First Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share
                                                                        Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company;

                                                                                                                                                                              About Us
                                                                        5. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of
                                                                        the Restricted A Shares by the Company;
                                                                        6. To consider the Proposal on the 2022 Profit Distribution of the
                                                                        Company;
                                                                        7. To consider the 2022 Work Report of the Board of the Company;
                                                                        8. To consider the Resolution on the 2022 Annual Report of the Company;
                                                                        9. To consider the Resolution on the 2022 Annual Compliance Report of
                                                                        the Company;
                                                                        10. To consider the Resolution on the 2022 Annual Risk Management
                                                                        Report of the Company;
                                                                        11. To consider the Resolution on the 2022 Annual Internal Control
                                                                        Evaluation Report of the Company;
                            By means of onsite & video meetings.



                                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                        12. To consider the Resolution on the Special Report on Information
                            Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                                                                        Technology Management of the Company for 2022;
                            12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                                                                        13. To consider the Resolution on the 2022 Corporate Social Responsibility
                            No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                                                                        Report of the Company;



                                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
                            Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                                                                        14. To consider the Proposal on the estimated ordinary transactions with
                            A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.
                                                                        related parties of the Company for 2023;
The Second                  28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,                                                                                  All resolutions
                                                                        15. To consider the Proposal on the estimated investment amount for the
Meeting of the March 30,    Beijing; Simulated Video Conference                                                                                    were
                                                                        proprietary business of the Company for 2023;
Sixth Session 2023          Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai                                                                                 considered
                                                                        16. To consider the Internal Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2023;
of the Board                Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,                                                                              and approved
                                                                        17. To consider the Resolution on the Re-appointment of the Accounting
                            Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                                        Firms of the Company;
                            Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing
                                                                        18. To consider the Resolution on Extension of the Validity Period of
                            Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                                                                        the General Mandate to Issue Onshore and Offshore Debt Financing
                            Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                                                        Instruments of the Company;
                            Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                                                                        19. To consider the Resolution on the Implementation Plan for
                            Kong.




                                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                                        Benchmarking Against World-class Enterprises for Value Creation
                                                                        Actions;
                                                                        20. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and
                                                                        Remuneration of Directors of the Company for 2022;
                                                                        21. To consider the Report on Execution of Duty, Performance Assessment
                                                                        and Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company for 2022;
                                                                        22. To consider the Report on Performance of Duties of the Independent
                                                                        Directors of the Company for 2022;
                                                                        23. To consider the Resolution on Convening the Annual General Meeting,
                                                                        A Share Class Meeting and H Share Class Meeting of the Company;
                                                                        24. Debriefing of the Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit
                                                                        Committee of the Board of the Company for 2022;
                                                                        25. Debriefing of the Work Report of the Chief Compliance Officer of the
                                                                        Company for 2022;
                                                                        26. Debriefing of the Work Report on Anti-money Laundering of the
                                                                        Company for 2022;




                                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
                                                                        27. Debriefing of the Report on Internal Audit of the Company for 2022;
                                                                        28. Review of the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control Indicators
                                                                        of the Company for 2022.

                            By means of onsite & video meetings.
                            Address: Large Conference Room, Floor




                                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
                            12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                            No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                            Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                            A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.
The Third                   28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,       1. To consider the Resolution on Change of Accounting Policies of the      All resolutions
Meeting of the April 28,    Beijing; Simulated Video Conference         Company;                                                                   were
Sixth Session 2023          Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai      2. To consider the Resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the         considered
of the Board                Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,   Company for 2023.                                                          and approved
                            Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,
                            Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing
                            Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                            Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                            Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                            Kong.




                                                                                                                                                                     143
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                         Convening
          Meeting        date          Meeting form and place                      Meeting motion                                                               Status

                                    By means of onsite & video meetings.
                                    Address: Large Conference Room, Floor
                                    12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                                    No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;
                                    Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building
                                    A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.
                                                                                   1.To consider the Resolution on the 2023 Interim Report of the Company;
          The Fourth                28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,                                                                                       All resolutions
                                                                                   2. To consider the Resolution on Amendments to the Basic System for
          Meeting of the August 30, Beijing; Simulated Video Conference                                                                                         were
                                                                                   Risk Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;
          Sixth Session 2023        Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai                                                                                      considered
                                                                                   3. Examination on the Report on Net Capital and Other Risk Control
          of the Board              Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,                                                                                   and approved
                                                                                   Indicators of the Company for the First Half of 2023.
                                    Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,
                                    Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing
                                    Conference Room, Huatai Financial
                                    Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The
                                    Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong
                                    Kong.

                                       By means of onsite & video meetings.
                                       Address: Large Conference Room, Floor       1. To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the
                                       12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,   Company for 2023;
                                       No. 228, Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing;    2. To consider the Resolution on Cancellation of the 2023 First
                                       Conference Room 6, Floor 18, Building       Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 First A Share Class Meeting and
                                       A, China Pacific Insurance Plaza, No.       the 2023 First H Share Class Meeting of the Company;
          The Fifth                    28 Fengsheng Alley, Xicheng District,       3. To consider the Resolution on the Amendments to the Working System All resolutions
          Meeting of the October       Beijing; Simulated Video Conference         for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.;                 were
          Sixth Session 30, 2023       Room, Shanghai Branch Office of Huatai      4. To consider the Resolution on the Election of a Non-executive Director considered
          of the Board                 Securities, Floor 25, Poly Plaza, No. 18,   of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company;                         and approved
                                       Dongfang Road, Pudong New Area,             5. To consider the Resolution on the Cancellation of the Repurchased A
                                       Shanghai; Simulated Video Beijing           Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital by the Company;
                                       Conference Room, Huatai Financial           6. To consider the Resolution on Convening the 2023 Second
                                       Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, 62/F, The     Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 Third A Share Class Meeting and
                                       Center, 99 Queen’s Road Central, Hong       the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting of the Company.
                                       Kong.

          The Sixth                                                                                                                                             The resolution
                                                                                   To consider the Resolution on the Adjustments to the Composition
          Meeting of the November                                                                                                                               was
                                  By means of teleconference                       of Part of Special Committees of the Sixth Session of the Board of the
          Sixth Session 24, 2023                                                                                                                                considered
                                                                                   Company.
          of the Board                                                                                                                                          and approved


          Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Board can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://
          www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.com.cn) and China
          Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.




          VI. MEETINGS OF THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE CONVENED
          DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
                        Convening
          Meeting       date      Meeting form and place                      Meeting motion                                                                     Status

                                                                               1. To consider the 2022 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee of the
                                                                               Company;
                                                                               2. To consider the Resolution on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from
                                                                               Selling Restriction of the First Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share
          The Second                                                           Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company;
                                                                                                                                                                 All
          Meeting of                                                           3. To consider the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the
                                     By means of on-site meeting. Address:                                                                                       resolutions
          the Sixth                                                            Restricted A Shares by the Company;
                        March 30,    Small Conference Room, Floor 12,                                                                                            were
          Session                                                              4. To consider the Proposal on the 2022 Profit Distribution of the Company;
                        2023         Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, No.                                                                                   considered
          of the                                                               5. To consider the resolution on the 2022 Annual Report of the Company;
                                     228 Middle Jiangdong Road, Nanjing.                                                                                         and
          Supervisory                                                          6. To consider the resolution on the 2022 Annual Internal Control Evaluation
                                                                                                                                                                 approved
          Committee                                                            Report of the Company;
                                                                               7. To consider the Report on Performance Assessment and Remuneration of
                                                                               the Supervisors of the Company for 2022;
                                                                               8. Debriefing of the Report on Internal Audit of the Company for 2022;
                                                                               9. Debriefing of the Internal Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2023.

          The Third
                                                                                                                                                                 All
          Meeting of                 By means of on-site & video meetings.
                                                                               1. To consider the Resolution on Change of Accounting Policies of the             resolutions
          the Sixth                  Address: Small Conference Room, Floor
                        April 28,                                              Company;                                                                          were
          Session                    12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square,
                        2023                                                   2. To consider the Resolution on the First Quarterly Report of the Company for    considered
          of the                     No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,
                                                                               2023.                                                                             and
          Supervisory                Nanjing.
                                                                                                                                                                 approved
          Committee




144
                                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
              Convening
Meeting       date      Meeting form and place                    Meeting motion                                                                 Status

The Fourth
                                                                                                                                                 The
Meeting of               By means of on-site & video meetings.
                                                                                                                                                 resolution
the Sixth                Address: Small Conference Room, Floor
              August 30,                                                                                                                         was
Session                  12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, To consider the Resolution on the 2023 Interim Report of the Company.
              2023                                                                                                                               considered
of the                   No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,
                                                                                                                                                 and
Supervisory              Nanjing.
                                                                                                                                                 approved
Committee

The Fifth                                                          1. To consider the Resolution on the Third Quarterly Report of the Company for
                                                                                                                                                  All
Meeting of               By means of on-site & video meetings. 2023;
                                                                                                                                                  resolutions
the Sixth                Address: Small Conference Room, Floor 2. To consider the Resolution on Cancellation of the 2023 First Extraordinary
              October                                                                                                                             were
Session                  12, Building 1, Huatai Securities Square, General Meeting, the 2023 First A Share Class Meeting and the 2023 First H
              30, 2023                                                                                                                            considered

                                                                                                                                                                             About Us
of the                   No. 228 Middle Jiangdong Road,            Share Class Meeting of the Company;
                                                                                                                                                  and
Supervisory              Nanjing.                                  3. To consider the Resolution on the Cancellation of the Repurchased A Shares
                                                                                                                                                  approved
Committee                                                          and Reduction of Registered Capital by the Company.


Note: Details of relevant announcements on the resolutions of the Supervisory Committee can be found on the website of the Shanghai Stock
Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of the HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk) and our Company’s website (http://www.htsc.
com.cn) and China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Daily as well as Securities Times.




VII. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF DIRECTORS

                                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
(I) Attendance of Directors at Board Meetings and General Meetings



                                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                                                                                                                Attendance
                                                                     Attendance at Board meetings                                                at general
                                                                                                                                                  meetings

                                                                                                                          Whether
                         Whether
                                                                                                                         or not he/
                        or not he/
Name of                               Times of                                                                                  she
                         she is an
Director                           attendance                                                                              failed to   Times of
                     independent                                Attendance
                                      at Board Attendance                  Attendance                                   attend the attendance
                          Director                             by means of                                     Absence
                                     meetings     in person                   by proxy                                  meeting in   at general
                                                            teleconference
                                         during                                                                          person for   meetings




                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                       the year                                                                                 two
                                                                                                                       consecutive
                                                                                                                              times

Zhang Wei                         No                  5               5                   1               –              –                 No               6

Zhou Yi                           No                  5               5                   1               –              –                 No               –

Ding Feng                         No                  5               5                   1               –              –                 No               6

Chen
                                  No                  5               4                   1                1             –                 No                   3
Zhongyang

Ke Xiang                          No                  5               3                   1               2              –                 No                   3




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Liu
                                  No                   1               1                  1               –              –                 No               –
Changchun

Zhang Jinxin                      No                  5               5                   1               –              –                 No                   3



                                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Yin Lihong                        No                  5               5                   1               –              –                 No               6

Wang
                                 Yes                  5               4                   1                1             –                 No               6
Jianwen

Wang
                                 Yes                  5               5                   1               –              –                 No               6
Quansheng

Peng Bing                        Yes                  5               4                   1                1             –                 No               –

Wang Bing                        Yes                  5               5                   1               –              –                 No                   3

Tse Yung Hoi                     Yes                  5               5                   1               –              –                 No                   3




                                                                                                                                                                    145
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                    Attendance
                                                              Attendance at Board meetings                           at general
                                                                                                                      meetings

                                                                                                         Whether
                              Whether
                                                                                                        or not he/
                             or not he/
          Name of                          Times of                                                            she
                              she is an
          Director                      attendance                                                        failed to   Times of
                          independent                                Attendance
                                           at Board Attendance                  Attendance             attend the attendance
                               Director                             by means of               Absence
                                          meetings     in person                   by proxy            meeting in   at general
                                                                 teleconference
                                              during                                                    person for   meetings
                                            the year                                                           two
                                                                                                      consecutive
                                                                                                             times

          Hu Xiao                  No             3            2            –             1         –          No            –



          Number of Board meetings held within the year                                                                      5

          Of which: Number of on-site meetings                                                                               –

                     Number of meetings held by teleconference                                                                1

                     Number of meetings held on-site and via teleconference                                                  4


          (II) No Objections Raised by Directors to Relevant Matters of the Company During
          the Reporting Period

          (III) Others

          1. Board of Directors and the Operation Management

          (1) Composition of the Board

          According to the relevant regulations of the Articles of Association, the Board shall be composed of 13
          Directors, with the number of independent Directors accounting for at least 1/3 of the total number. On
          December 30, 2022, as elected at the 2022 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, and
          according to the election by the congress of workers and staff of the Company, the Company formed
          the sixth session of the Board. As of the end of the Reporting Period, there were 13 members in the Board,
          including 3 executive Directors (Mr. Zhang Wei, Mr. Zhou Yi, Ms. Yin Lihong), 5 non-executive Directors (Mr.
          Ding Feng, Mr. Chen Zhongyang, Mr. Ke Xiang, Mr. Liu Changchun, Mr. Zhang Jinxin) and 5 independent non-
          executive Directors (Mr. Wang Jianwen, Mr. Wang Quansheng, Mr. Peng Bing, Mr. Wang Bing, Mr. Tse Yung Hoi).

          The Directors are elected or changed via the general meeting and shall formally take office from the date
          on which their appointments are approved by the general meeting. A Director shall serve a term of three
          years. Directors are eligible for re-election upon the expiration of their terms. However, the successive terms
          of independent non-executive Directors may not be more than 6 years. According to relevant regulations
          of Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has received the annual written confirmation
          from each independent non-executive Director with regards to his/her independence. Based on these
          confirmations and the relevant information available to the Board, the Company continues to confirm their
          independence.

          The Company covered liability insurance for Directors, Supervisors and senior management and other
          related staff held responsible according to the authorization of the 2014 Annual General Meeting, to protect
          them from the compensation liabilities that may arise from performing their duties and to reasonably avoid
          management risk and legal risk which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed
          to, and to encourage them to earnestly fulfill their duties and responsibilities.

          (2) Duties and Responsibilities of the Board

          The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and is accountable to the general meeting.




146
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
According to the Articles of Association, the Board shall exercise the following major functions and powers:
to convene general meetings and report work to general meetings; to carry out the resolutions of the
general meetings; to resolve on the business & investment plans of the Company; to prepare annual
financial budget plan and final accounting plan of the Company; to prepare profit distribution plan and
loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate proposals of the Company on increasing or decreasing
the registered capital, issuing bonds or other securities and the listing plan; to formulate plans for material
acquisition, purchase of shares of the Company, merger, division, dissolution or transformation of the
Company; to determine, within the authority granted by the general meeting, such matters as external
investment, acquisition and disposal of assets, asset mortgage, external guarantee, entrusted wealth
management, related-party transactions, external donations, etc.; to decide on the establishment of the

                                                                                                                            About Us
Company’s internal management organizations; to determine the appointment or dismissal of the chief
executive officer, secretary to the Board and other senior management of the Company, and to decide the
matters on their remuneration and rewards as well as penalties; to determine the appointment or dismissal
of the senior management of the Company including member of Executive Committee, chief financial
officer, chief compliance officer, chief risk officer and chief information officer according to the nominations
by the president, and to decide the matters on their remuneration and rewards as well as penalties; to
set up the basic management system of the Company; to formulate the proposals for any amendment
to the Articles of Association; to manage the Company’s information disclosure; to be responsible for the



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
strategic decision of the objectives and planning of cultural construction, and direct the Company to
strengthen its cultural construction; to propose to the general meeting the appointment or replacement
of the accounting firms which provide audit services for the Company; to listen to the work reports of the


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Executive Committee and review its work; to decide the Company’s compliance management objectives
and assume the responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, including but not limited
to: considering and approving the basic system for compliance management and the annual compliance
report, evaluating the effectiveness of compliance management, urging to solve problems in compliance
management, establishing the mechanism for direct communication with the chief compliance officer,
guaranteeing the chief compliance officer’s assessment on the senior management, various departments
and branches, subsidiaries at all levels, Compliance Department and compliance management personnel;




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
to formulate the risk control system of the Company; to determine Directors’ remunerations and distribution
plan thereof; to decide to purchase Company’s shares due to the circumstances specified in the Articles
of Association; and to exercise other functions and powers authorized by laws, administrative regulations,
departmental rules or the Articles of Association.

(3) Duties and Responsibilities of the Operation Management

The Operation Management is responsible for the concrete implementation of the development strategies
and policies passed by the Board as well as the daily operation and management of the Company. The
Operation Management is the supreme operation management body established by the Company
for implementation of the routes and policies determined by the Board, and shall exercise the following
functions and powers according to the Articles of Association: to carry out Company’s operation policies



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
determined by the Board and decide on material matters during the operation and management of
the Company; to formulate and implement the financial budget plan of the Company; to formulate final
accounting plan, profit distribution plan and loss remedy plan of the Company; to formulate the registered



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
capital change plans and bonds insurance plans of the Company; to formulate plans for merger, division,
change and dissolution of the Company; to formulate Company’s business plans and plans for investment,
financing and disposal of assets, and report to the Board for approval according to authorization; to
formulate Company’s plan for establishment of internal management bodies; to deploy and implement
various works for cultural construction; to prepare and approve the employee benefits plans and promotion
and demotion plans; and to exercise other functions and powers authorized by the Board.

(4) Implementation by the Board of Resolutions Passed at General Meetings

1) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public




                                                                                                                   147
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Issuance of Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2022]
          No. 161) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued ten tranches of corporate bonds totaling RMB32.0 billion
          during the Reporting Period.

          2) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by the Letter on Unanimity for the Listing
          and Transfer of Non-publicly Issued Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Shang Zheng Han [2023]
          No. 1421) of the SSE, the Company issued two tranches of corporate bonds non-publicly, with a total amount
          of RMB6.4 billion during the Reporting Period.

          3) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
          Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors
          (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2023] No. 1537) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued two tranches of perpetual
          subordinated corporate bonds totaling RMB6.5 billion during the Reporting Period.

          4) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. According to the resolution, after being approved by Approval for the Registration of Public
          Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. to Professional Investors (Zheng Jian
          Xu Ke [2023] No. 414) of the CSRC, the Company publicly issued six tranches of short-term corporate bonds
          totaling RMB24.0 billion during the Reporting Period.

          5) On February 8, 2021, the Resolution on General Mandate for Domestic and Overseas Debt Financing
          Instruments of the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s first extraordinary general
          meeting of 2021. On June 30, 2023, as considered and approved by the 2022 Annual General Meeting of
          the Company, the validity period under the resolution was extended to the convening date of the 2025
          annual general meeting. According to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, Pioneer Reward Limited,
          a subsidiary of Huatai International (an overseas wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company) issued two
          tranches of USD bonds totaling USD1.6 billion.

          6) On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares by
          the Company was considered and approved at the Company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting, 2023 Second
          A Share Class Meeting and 2023 Second H Share Class Meeting. According to the resolution, during the
          Reporting Period, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A Shares.

          7) On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on the 2022 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company was considered and
          approved at the Company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting. According to the resolution, during the Reporting
          Period, the Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 Shares based on the
          Company’s total share capital of 9,075,589,027 Shares after deducting 45,278,495 Shares deposited in the
          special account of the Company for securities repurchase and 925,692 A Shares to be repurchased and
          cancelled (i.e. on the basis of 9,029,384,840 Shares), with the total cash dividend of RMB4,063,223,178.00 (tax
          inclusive). During the Reporting Period, the profit distribution plan has been completed.

          8) On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the
          Company for 2023 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting. For
          details of the actual performance of ordinary transactions with related parties of the Company during the
          Reporting Period according to the resolution, please refer to “Major Related-party Transactions” under “Major
          Events” in this report.

          9) On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on the Estimated Investment Amount of the Company’s Proprietary
          Business for 2023 was considered and approved at the Company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting. According
          to the resolution, during the Reporting Period, related business indicators of the Company were controlled
          within the authorized scope of the shareholders’ general meeting.

          10) On June 30, 2023, the Resolution on the Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms of the Company was




148
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
considered and approved at the Company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting. According to the resolution,
during the Reporting Period, the Company appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants
LLP to handle 2023 annual financial statements and internal control auditing services for the Company and
its holding subsidiaries, and to issue the audit report of A shares, internal control audit report and GDR audit
report; the Company also appointed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu for auditing services of H Shares for the
Company, and to issue the audit report of H Shares.

(5) Training of Directors

The Company attaches great importance to the ongoing training of Directors, to ensure that the Directors
form an appropriate understanding of the operation of the Company and its business and they understand
their duties and responsibilities as directors as required by the CSRC, the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the                    About Us
Hong Kong Stock Exchange, and as stipulated in the Articles of Association and other relevant laws and
regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Directors attached great importance
to updating professional knowledge and skills, to adapt to the needs of the development of the Company.
In addition to participation in regular trainings held by regulatory organizations and self-regulatory
organizations and complete required ongoing trainings, the Office of the Board also prepared the Work
Newsletter of the Company regularly and sent it to the Directors to enable them to understand the latest
policies and regulations and industrial trends and enhance their knowledge and understanding of the


                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
culture and operation of the Company. In addition, the Company continuously improved the internal work
procedures, established the multi-level information communication mechanism, and set up the information


                                                                                                                          and Strategies
communication platform, in order to ensure the access to information for Directors to perform their duties
and constantly improve their overall performance capability.


During the Reporting Period, the main trainings of the Directors of the Company were as follows:


Director                                                                                      Training
Name       Date          Organizer               Content                                      Location




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                               Special training on the interpretation of      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         China Association for
           2023-3-13                           the registration-based IPO system reform       (network video
                         Public Companies
                                               policy                                         training)

                                                Introduction to policies and regulations
                         Huatai Securities Co.,
Zhang      2023-10-12                           relating to the standardization of            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.
Wei                                             shareholding reduction behavior

                         Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-12-26                           Anti-corruption training                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.

                         Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
           2023-12-29                                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                         Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                               Special training on the interpretation of      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         China Association for
           2023-3-13                           the registration-based IPO system reform       (network video
                         Public Companies



                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                                               policy                                         training)

                                                Introduction to policies and regulations
                         Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-10-12                           relating to the standardization of            Nanjing, Jiangsu
Zhou Yi                  Ltd.
                                                shareholding reduction behavior

                         Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-12-26                           Anti-corruption training                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.

                         Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
           2023-12-29                                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.                   laundering legislation




                                                                                                                   149
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                    Training
          Name        Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                                         Special training on the interpretation of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   China Association for
                      2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform     (network video
                                   Public Companies
                                                         policy                                       training)

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                      2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                                          Introduction to policies and regulations
                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                      2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.
                                                          shareholding reduction behavior

          Ding                     Jiangsu Association Special training on independent director
                      2023-11-24                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
          Feng                     for Public Companies system reform

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                      2023-12-4    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                      2023-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                      2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                   Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                      2023-12-29                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                                         Special training on the interpretation of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   China Association for
                      2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform     (network video
                                   Public Companies
                                                         policy                                       training)

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                      2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                                          Introduction to policies and regulations
                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                      2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.
                                                          shareholding reduction behavior
          Chen
          Zhongyang                                       Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                      2023-12-4    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                   Huatai Securities Co.,
                      2023-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.

                                                          Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                      2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                          the Hong Kong capital market

                                   Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                      2023-12-29                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                   Ltd.                   laundering legislation




150
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Director                                                                                      Training
Name        Date         Organizer                Content                                     Location

                                               Special training on the interpretation of      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         China Association for
            2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform       (network video
                         Public Companies
                                               policy                                         training)

                                                  Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
            2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                  the Hong Kong capital market

                                                Introduction to policies and regulations
                         Huatai Securities Co.,

                                                                                                                          About Us
            2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of            Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.
                                                shareholding reduction behavior

                                                  Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
Ke Xiang    2023-12-4    Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                  the Hong Kong capital market

                         Jiangsu Association Special training on independent director
            2023-12-5                                                                         Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         for Public Companies system reform

                         Huatai Securities Co.,
            2023-12-26                            Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                         Ltd.

                                                  Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
            2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                                                  the Hong Kong capital market

                         Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
            2023-12-29                                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                         Jiangsu Association Special training on independent director
            2023-11-24                                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         for Public Companies system reform

                                                  Introduction to the responsibility of
                                                  directors under Hong Kong laws and




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                                                  regulations and related laws and
                                                  regulations

                                                  Companies Registry in Hong Kong – A
                                                  Guide on Directors’ Duties

                                                  Hong Kong Stock Exchange – Corporate
                                                  Governance Guidance for Boards and
            2023-11-24   Clifford Chance          Directors                                   Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                  SFC – Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
                                                  Information




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
Liu
                                                  SFC – Guidance note on directors’ duties
Changchun
                                                  in the context of valuations in corporate
                                                  transactions



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                  Introduction to the regulations on
                                                  connected transactions and notifiable
                                                  transactions

                                                  Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
            2023-12-4    Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                  the Hong Kong capital market

                         Huatai Securities Co.,
            2023-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.

                                                  Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
            2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                  the Hong Kong capital market

                         Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
            2023-12-29                                                                        Nanjing, Jiangsu
                         Ltd.                   laundering legislation




                                                                                                                 151
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                   Training
          Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                                         Introduction to the responsibility of
                                                         directors under Hong Kong laws and
                                                         regulations and related laws and
                                                         regulations

                                                         Companies Registry in Hong Kong – A
                                                         Guide on Directors’ Duties

                                                         Hong Kong Stock Exchange – Guidance
                                                         for Boards and Directors
                     2023-1-13    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                                         SFC – Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
                                                         Information

                                                         SFC – Guidance note on directors’ duties
                                                         in the context of valuations in corporate
                                                         transactions

                                                         Introduction to the regulations on
                                                         connected transactions and notifiable
                                                         transactions

          Zhang                                         Special training on the interpretation of
                                  China Association for                                              Beijing (network
          Jinxin     2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform
                                  Public Companies                                                   video training)
                                                        policy

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to policies and regulations
                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of          Beijing
                                  Ltd.
                                                         shareholding reduction behavior

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-12-4    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                  Jiangsu Association Special training on independent director
                     2023-12-5                                                                       Beijing
                                  for Public Companies system reform

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2023-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Beijing
                                  Ltd.

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                     2023-12-29                                                                      Beijing
                                  Ltd.                   laundering legislation




152
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Director                                                                                   Training
Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                              Special training on the interpretation of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        China Association for
           2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform     (network video
                        Public Companies
                                              policy                                       training)

                                               Introduction to policies and regulations
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.
                                               shareholding reduction behavior
Yin

                                                                                                                       About Us
Lihong                  Jiangsu Association Special training on independent director
           2023-11-24                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        for Public Companies system reform

                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.

                        Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
           2023-12-29                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                              Special training on the interpretation of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        China Association for

                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
           2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform     (network video
                        Public Companies
                                              policy                                       training)



                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to policies and regulations
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.
                                               shareholding reduction behavior

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
Wang       2023-12-4    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
Jianwen
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market

                        Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
           2023-12-29                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                              Guidance on code of professional
                        China Association for
           2023-12-29                         ethics for independent directors of listed   Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Public Companies



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                              companies




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              153
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                   Training
          Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                                        Special training on the interpretation of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  China Association for
                     2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform     (network video
                                  Public Companies
                                                        policy                                       training)

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market
                                                         Introduction to policies and regulations
                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of          Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.
                                                         shareholding reduction behavior
                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                    2023-12-4     Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
          Wang                                           the Hong Kong capital market
          Quansheng
                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                    2023-12-26                           Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                     2023-12-29                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                                        Guidance on code of professional
                                  China Association for
                     2023-12-29                         ethics for independent directors of listed   Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                  Public Companies
                                                        companies
                                                         Introduction to the responsibility of
                                                         directors under Hong Kong laws and
                                                         regulations and related laws and
                                                         regulations
                                                         Companies Registry in Hong Kong – A
                                                         Guide on Directors’ Duties
                                                         Hong Kong Stock Exchange – Guidance
                                                         for Boards and Directors
                     2023-1-13    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                                         SFC – Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
                                                         Information
                                                         SFC – Guidance note on directors’ duties
                                                         in the context of valuations in corporate
          Peng                                           transactions
          Bing                                           Introduction to the regulations on
                                                         connected transactions and notifiable
                                                         transactions
                                                        Special training on the interpretation of
                                  China Association for                                              Beijing (network
                     2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform
                                  Public Companies                                                   video training)
                                                        policy
                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market
                                                         Introduction to policies and regulations
                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of          Beijing
                                  Ltd.
                                                         shareholding reduction behavior

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-12-4    Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market




154
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Director                                                                                   Training
Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Beijing
                        Ltd.

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                    Beijing
                                               the Hong Kong capital market
Peng
Bing                    Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
           2023-12-29                                                                      Beijing
                        Ltd.                   laundering legislation


                                                                                                                       About Us
                                              Guidance on code of professional
                        China Association for
           2023-12-29                         ethics for independent directors of listed   Beijing
                        Public Companies
                                              companies

                                               Introduction to the responsibility of
                                               directors under Hong Kong laws and
                                               regulations and related laws and
                                               regulations

                                               Companies Registry in Hong Kong – A

                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                                               Guide on Directors’ Duties

                                               Hong Kong Stock Exchange – Guidance


                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                               for Boards and Directors
           2023-1-13    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               SFC – Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
                                               Information

                                               SFC – Guidance note on directors’ duties
                                               in the context of valuations in corporate
                                               transactions




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                               Introduction to the regulations on
                                               connected transactions and notifiable
                                               transactions

                                              Special training on the interpretation of    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        China Association for
Wang       2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform     (network video
                        Public Companies
Bing                                          policy                                       training)

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market

                                               Introduction to policies and regulations
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of          Nanjing, Jiangsu



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                        Ltd.
                                               shareholding reduction behavior

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2023-12-4    Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market



                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
                        Huatai Securities Co.,
           2023-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.

                                               Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
           2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                    Nanjing, Jiangsu
                                               the Hong Kong capital market

                        Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
           2023-12-29                                                                      Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                              Guidance on code of professional
                        China Association for
           2023-12-29                         ethics for independent directors of listed   Nanjing, Jiangsu
                        Public Companies
                                              companies




                                                                                                              155
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Director                                                                                   Training
          Name       Date         Organizer              Content                                     Location

                                                         Introduction to the responsibility of
                                                         directors under Hong Kong laws and
                                                         regulations and related laws and
                                                         regulations

                                                         Companies Registry in Hong Kong – A
                                                         Guide on Directors’ Duties

                                                         Hong Kong Stock Exchange – Guidance
                                                         for Boards and Directors
                     2023-1-13    Clifford Chance                                                    Hong Kong
                                                         SFC – Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside
                                                         Information

                                                         SFC – Guidance note on directors’ duties
                                                         in the context of valuations in corporate
                                                         transactions

                                                         Introduction to the regulations on
                                                         connected transactions and notifiable
                                                         transactions

                                                        Special training on the interpretation of    Hong Kong
                                  China Association for
          Tse Yung 2023-3-13                            the registration-based IPO system reform     (network video
                                  Public Companies
          Hoi                                           policy                                       training)

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                    Hong Kong
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                                         Introduction to policies and regulations
                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2023-10-12                          relating to the standardization of          Hong Kong
                                  Ltd.
                                                         shareholding reduction behavior

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-12-4    Clifford Chance                                                    Hong Kong
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                  Huatai Securities Co.,
                     2023-12-26                          Anti-corruption training                    Hong Kong
                                  Ltd.

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-12-27   Clifford Chance                                                    Hong Kong
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market

                                  Huatai Securities Co., Training on the changes of anti-money
                     2023-12-29                                                                      Hong Kong
                                  Ltd.                   laundering legislation

                                                        Guidance on code of professional
                                  China Association for
                     2023-12-29                         ethics for independent directors of listed   Hong Kong
                                  Public Companies
                                                        companies

                                                        Special training on the interpretation of    Shanghai
                                  China Association for
                     2023-3-13                          the registration-based IPO system reform     (network video
                                  Public Companies
          Hu Xiao                                       policy                                       training)

                                                         Introduction to latest regulatory laws in
                     2023-8-23    Clifford Chance                                                    Shanghai
                                                         the Hong Kong capital market




156
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
2. Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are two different positions, and according to the provisions of the
Articles of Association, the chairman is the legal representative of the Company, responsible for managing
the operations of the Board, ensuring that the Board acts in compliance with the best interests of the
Company, ensuring the effective operation of the Board, ensuring that the Board has fulfilled its due duties
and discussions about all significant and appropriate matters are held so that Directors get accurate, timely
and explicit data. Chief Executive Officer manages the daily work of the Company, attends Board meetings,
reports to the Board and exercises the functions and powers according to the responsibility scope of the
Chief Executive Officer.

                                                                                                                          About Us
According to provisions of Rule C.2.1 of Corporate Governance Code, the roles of the chairman of the board
and chief executive shall be separate and should not be performed by the same individual at the same
time. On December 30, 2022, at the first meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the Company elected Mr.
Zhang Wei as the chairman of the sixth session of the Board and continued to hire Mr. Zhou Yi as the Chief
Executive Officer and the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the Company. The Board thinks that this
management structure is effective and has enough checks and balances for the Company’s operation.

3. Non-executive Directors


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has 5 non-executive Directors and 5 independent non-
executive Directors. For details of their terms of office, please refer to “Changes in shareholding structure


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
and remuneration of current and resigned Directors, Supervisors and senior management during the
Reporting Period” under “Directors, Supervisors and senior management” under “Corporate Governance” in
this report.

4. Performance of Duties by Independent Non-executive Directors

(1) Works regarding periodic reports




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
In the annual report compilation process, all independent non-executive Directors of the Company have
performed full duties according to the requirements of the CSRC and the provisions of the Working System
for Independent Directors of the Company.

On January 17, 2023, at the first meeting of the Audit Committee of the sixth session of the Board of the
Company for 2023, the Audit Committee listened to the report of annual audit work arrangement of A+H+G
Share and pre-audit work for 2022 of the Company made by relevant personnel from Deloitte, and made
discussion and communication with relevant personnel from Deloitte. Two out of the three members in the
Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who put forward opinions and suggestions to
the supplement and perfection of the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2022 from different perspectives in
their roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
On February 24, 2023, at the second meeting of the Audit Committee of the sixth session of the Board for
2023, the Audit Committee considered and approved the Resolution on the Auditing Plan of the Company
for 2022. Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors,




                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
who examined the Auditing Plan of the Company for 2022 from different perspectives in their roles as
members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

On March 28, 2023, at the third meeting of the Audit Committee of the sixth session of the Board for 2023,
the Audit Committee examined the Company’s Annual Financial Statement in 2022, Annual Report in 2022,
Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report in 2022, Report on Performance of Duties by the Audit Committee
of the Board in 2022 and Internal Audit Work Plan in 2023, etc., reviewed the “Key Audit Matters” and other
important issues involved in the Company’s 2022 Annual Audit Report, and listened to the report on the
internal audit work of the Company in 2022. Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are
independent non-executive Directors, who examined relevant resolutions and gave opinions from different
perspectives in their roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

On August 3, 2023, at the fifth meeting of the Audit Committee of the sixth session of the Board for 2023, the




                                                                                                                 157
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Audit Committee listened to the report on the review of 2023 interim financial statements of the Company’s
          H+G Shares and the audit plan of the Company’s 2023 A+H+G Share annual report made by relevant
          personnel from Deloitte, and made discussion and communication with relevant personnel from Deloitte.
          Two out of the three members in the Audit Committee are independent non-executive Directors, who made
          discussions, exchanged views and made comments and suggestions from different perspectives in their
          roles as members of the Audit Committee and as independent non-executive Directors.

          (2) Consideration on related-party transactions

          On March 29, 2023, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company granted the prior approval
          for the Proposal on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2023; on
          March 30, 2022, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave independent opinions
          on the Proposal on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties of the Company for 2023. They
          were of the opinion that the relevant related-party transactions were fair with reference to the market price
          for pricing the transactions without compromising the interests of the Company and other shareholders;
          the relevant related-party transactions were all derived in the ordinary operation of the Company and
          would help carry out the businesses of the Company and bring certain income to the Company; the
          procedures for approval for relevant related-party transactions complied with relevant laws, regulations
          and regulatory documents as well as the Articles of Association and the Management System for Related-
          party Transactions of the Company.

          (3) Other performance of duties

          On March 30, 2023, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave independent
          opinions on the fulfilment of conditions for release from selling restriction of the first lock-up period under
          the restricted share incentive scheme of A Shares of the Company, gave independent opinions on the
          repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares by the Company, gave special clarification
          and independent opinions on external guarantees carried out by the Company in 2022, gave special
          clarification and independent opinions on fund intercourse between the Company and the controlling
          shareholders and other related parties, gave independent opinions on the Proposal on Profit Distribution
          of the Company in 2022, gave independent opinions on the remuneration of the Directors and senior
          management of the Company for 2022, gave independent opinions on Annual Internal Control Evaluation
          Report of the Company in 2022 and gave independent opinions on the re-appointment of the accounting
          firms of the Company. On April 28, 2023, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave
          independent opinions on the change of accounting policies of the Company. On October 30, 2023, all the
          independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave independent opinions on the cancellation of
          the 2023 first extraordinary general meeting, the 2023 first A Share class meeting and the 2023 first H Share
          class meeting of the Company, gave independent opinions on the election of a non-executive Director of
          the sixth session of the Board of the Company and gave independent opinions on the cancellation of the
          repurchased A Shares and reduction of registered capital by the Company.


          VIII. SPECIAL COMMITTEES UNDER THE BOARD

          (I) Members of the special committees of the Board

          Five special committees, namely, Development Strategy Committee, Compliance and Risk Management
          Committee, Audit Committee, Nomination Committee and Remuneration and Appraisal Committee were
          established under the Board, members of which were as follows:

          The Development Strategy Committee (a total of five members): Zhang Wei, Zhou Yi, Chen Zhongyang, Liu
          Changchun and Zhang Jinxin and Mr. Zhang Wei is the chairman (convener) of the Development Strategy
          Committee;

          The Compliance and Risk Management Committee (a total of three members): Zhou Yi, Ke Xiang and Wang
          Jianwen and Mr. Zhou Yi is the chairman (convener) of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee;




158
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The Audit Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors accounting
for more than 1/2): Wang Bing, Ding Feng and Tse Yung Hoi and Mr. Wang Bing is the chairman (convener) of
the Audit Committee;

The Nomination Committee (a total of three members with the independent non-executive Directors
accounting for more than 1/2): Wang Quansheng, Yin Lihong and Peng Bing and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the
chairman (convener) of the Nomination Committee;

The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee (a total of three members, all are independent non-executive
Directors): Wang Quansheng, Peng Bing and Wang Bing and Mr. Wang Quansheng is the chairman
(convener) of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee.

(II) Performance of duties by the special committees of the Board                                                       About Us


1. Development Strategy Committee of the Board

The major duties of the Development Strategy Committee of the Board include: 1. Understanding and
grasping the overall situation of the Company’s operation; 2. Understanding, analyzing and grasping the
current situation of international and domestic industries; 3. Understanding and grasping the relevant
domestic policies; 4. Studying the short-term, medium-term and long-term development strategies of the


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Company or relevant issues; 5. Providing consultancy advice on the Company’s long-term development
strategies, major investments, reforms and other major decisions, and promoting the deep integration of


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
the Company’s cultural concept and the Company’s development strategies; 6. Considering and approving
the special research reports on development strategies; 7. Publishing daily research reports in a regular or
irregular manner; 8. Other duties assigned by the Board.


During the Reporting Period, the Development Strategy Committee of the Board convened a total of two
meetings, the details of which were as follows:




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
                           Convening                           Important comments Other conditions on
Meeting name               date      Meeting contents          and suggestions    execution of duty

                                       To consider and
                                       approve the             The Development
The first meeting of the
                                       Resolution on the       Strategy Committee
Development Strategy                                                                 The meeting was
                           March 29,   Implementation Plan     considered and
Committee of the sixth                                                               convened by way of
                           2023        for Benchmarking        approved the
session of the Board for                                                             teleconference
                                       Against World-class     resolution at the
2023
                                       Enterprises for Value   meeting
                                       Creation Actions




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                       To consider and
                                                               The Development
The second meeting                     approve the
                                                               Strategy Committee
of the Development                     Resolution on the                             The meeting was



                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
                           June 2,                             considered and
Strategy Committee of                  2022 Report on the                            convened by way of
                           2023                                approved the
the sixth session of the               Implementation                                teleconference
                                                               resolution at the
Board for 2023                         of Construction of
                                                               meeting
                                       Corporate Culture




                                                                                                               159
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Attendance of members of the Development Strategy Committee at the meetings held during the
          Reporting Period was as follows:

                                                                                            Attendance in person/Number of meetings
          Name                                                                                                  requiring attendance

          Zhang Wei                                                                                                                             2/2

          Zhou Yi                                                                                                                               2/2

          Chen Zhongyang                                                                                                                        2/2

          Hu Xiao                                                                                                                               2/2

          Zhang Jinxin                                                                                                                          2/2

          Liu Changchun                                                                                                                         –/–


          Note: On November 24, 2023, at the sixth meeting of the sixth session of the Board of the Company, the Resolution on the Adjustments to the
          Composition of Special Committees under the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company was considered and approved. The members of the
          Development Strategy Committee included Zhang Wei, Zhou Yi, Chen Zhongyang, Liu Changchun and Zhang Jinxin, and Mr. Zhang Wei is the
          chairman (convener) of the Audit Committee.




          2. Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
          making recommendations on the overall targets and fundamental policies of compliance management
          and risk management; 2. Reviewing and making recommendations on the setup of compliance
          management and risk management bodies and their duties; 3. Evaluating and making recommendations
          on the risks of major decisions which require the Board’s review as well as the solutions to these risks; 4.
          Reviewing and making recommendations on the compliance reports and risk assessment reports that
          require the Board’s review; 5. Other duties prescribed in the Articles of Association.

          During the Reporting Period, the Compliance and Risk Management Committee of the Board convened two
          meetings, the details of which were as follows:

                                                                                                                       Other
                                                                                                          Important    conditions on
                                  Convening                                                               comments and execution of
          Meeting name            date      Meeting content                                               suggestions  duty

                                                 1. To consider and approve the Resolution
          The first                                                                                       The Compliance
                                                 on the Annual Compliance Report of the
          meeting of the                                                                                  and Risk
                                                 Company in 2022;
          Compliance and                                                                                  Management     The meeting
                                                 2. To consider and approve the Resolution
          Risk Management March 29,                                                                       Committee      was convened
                                                 on the Annual Risk Management Report of
          Committee of      2023                                                                          considered and by way of
                                                 the Company in 2022;
          the sixth session                                                                               approved the   teleconference
                                                 3. To consider and approve the Resolution
          of the Board for                                                                                resolutions at
                                                 on the 2022 Annual Internal Control
          2023                                                                                            the meeting
                                                 Evaluation Report of the Company.

          The second                 1. To consider and approve the Resolution                            The Compliance
          meeting of the             on the 2023 Interim Compliance Report of                             and Risk
          Compliance and             the Company;                                                         Management     The meeting
          Risk Management August 29,                                                                      Committee      was convened
          Committee of      2023     2. To consider and approve the Resolution                            considered and by way of
          the sixth session          on Amendments to the Basic System for                                approved the   teleconference
          of the Board for           Risk Management of Huatai Securities Co.,                            resolutions at
          2023                       Ltd.                                                                 the meeting




160
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Attendance of members of the Compliance and Risk Management Committee at the meetings held during
the Reporting Period was as follows:


                                                                 Attendance in person/Number of meetings
Name                                                                                 requiring attendance

Zhou Yi                                                                                                   2/2

Ke Xiang                                                                                                  2/2

Wang Jianwen                                                                                              2/2

                                                                                                                          About Us

3. Audit Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Audit Committee of the Board include: 1. Supervising and guiding the audit work.
It shall manage and guide the internal audit work planning and audit team construction, regularly listen
to and review the comprehensive report of audit work, annual audit plan and important audit reports,
make judgements on the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the audited financial report, and
submit them to the Board for reviewing. It shall supervise the Company’s financial statement and the

                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
completeness of the Company’s annual report and account, interim report and quarterly report and
review statements as well as major opinions on financial declaration in reports. The Committee shall pay
special attention to the following matters: ① Changes in accounting policies and practices; ② Matters

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
concerning significant judgment; ③ Significant adjustments due to the audit; ④ Assumptions of on-
going operations of the Company and its qualified opinions; Compliance with the accounting standards;
and ⑥ Compliance with the listing rules or relevant laws and regulations of the listing place where the
financial reporting shall be made; 2. Proposing the engagement or changing of external audit institutions
and supervising the professional conduct of external audit institutions, so as to ensure the coordination
of internal and external auditors. Moreover, it shall also ensure that the internal audit institution is given
enough resources for operation and appropriate status within the Company and check and supervise its




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
validity; 3. Considering and putting forward suggestions for the appointment, reappointment, remuneration,
appointment terms and any other issues about the resignation or dismissal of external auditors. It shall hold
the position as the main representative between the Company and the external auditor and supervise their
relationship; 4. Discussing with the external auditors about the nature, scope and relevant responsibility
of audit and frequently check if the audit procedure is valid and whether the external auditor is objective
and independent before carrying out the audit work; 5. Checking the Explanation Letter on Audit offered
by external auditors to the management and any major doubts put forward by the auditors to the
management about the accounting record, financial account or monitoring system as well as the response
of the management and ensure that the Board can timely reply to issues put forward in the Explanation
Letter on Audit offered by external auditors to the management; 6. Checking and monitoring the Company’s




                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
financial supervision, risk management and internal monitoring system and check the financial and
accounting policies and practices of the Company and its subsidiaries; 7. Discussing the risk management
and internal supervision system with the management so as to ensure that the management has
performed its duty and established a valid internal supervision system; studying the important investigation



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
results and responses of the management related to risk management and internal supervision system
actively or as assigned by the Board of Directors; 8. Reporting the above issues to the Board; 9. Checking the
Company’s following arrangement: Employees of the Company may secretly raise concerns on irregular
conducts about financial reporting, internal monitoring, or other aspects. The Audit Committee shall ensure
that there is appropriate arrangement for the Company to make fair and independent investigation
and take appropriate actions on such issues; 10. Studying other projects defined by the Board; 11. Other
responsibilities according to the Articles of Association or the Listing rules or laws and regulations of the
place where the Company is listed.




                                                                                                                 161
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee of the Board convened seven meetings, the details of
          which were as follows:


                                                                                                Other
                                                                                                conditions on
          Meeting     Convening                                              Important comments execution of
          name        date      Meeting contents                             and suggestions    duty

                                                                             The Audit Committee
                                                                             considered and
                                                                             approved the
                                                                             resolution at the
                                                                             meeting. Committee
                                                                             member Tse Yung
                                                                             Hoi advised to
                                                                             focus on the risk
                                                                             control and audit
          The first
                                                                             of the Company’s
          meeting of            To listen to the report of annual audit work
                                                                             investment business. The meeting
          the Audit             arrangement of A+H+G Share and pre-
                                                                             Committee chairman was convened
          Committee January 17, audit work for 2022 of the Company made
                                                                             Wang Bing advised       by way of on-
          of the sixth 2023     by relevant personnel from Deloitte, and to
                                                                             Deloitte to keep        site & video
          session of            make discussion and communication with
                                                                             communication with meetings
          the Board             relevant personnel from Deloitte.
                                                                             the former auditor,
          for 2023
                                                                             arrange audit
                                                                             resource and perform
                                                                             audit at a high-quality
                                                                             level. In this regard,
                                                                             relevant personnel
                                                                             of Deloitte and the
                                                                             Company made
                                                                             detailed explanations
                                                                             and records

          The second
          meeting of
                                                                             The Audit Committee
          the Audit                                                                                The meeting
                                  To consider and approve the Resolution     considered and
          Committee February                                                                       was convened
                                  on the Auditing Plan of the Company for    approved the
          of the sixth 24, 2023                                                                    by way of
                                  2022                                       resolution at the
          session of                                                                               teleconference
                                                                             meeting
          the Board
          for 2023




162
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                   Other
                                                                                   conditions on
Meeting   Convening                                             Important comments execution of
name      date      Meeting contents                            and suggestions    duty

                      1. To consider and approve the Final
                      Financial Report of the Company for 2022;
                      2. To consider and approve the Financial
                      Budget Report of the Company for 2023;
                      3. To consider and approve the Proposal

                                                                                                                  About Us
                      on the Profit Distribution Plan of the
                                                                  The Audit Committee
                      Company for 2022;
                                                                  considered and
                      4. To consider and approve the Resolution
                                                                  approved the
                      on the Annual Financial Statements of the
                                                                  resolutions at the
                      Company for 2022;
                                                                  meeting. Committee
                      5. To consider and approve the Proposal
                                                                  member Tse Yung
                      on the Annual Report of the Company for
                                                                  Hoi reminded
                      2022;
                                                                  the Company of


                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                      6. To consider and approve the Resolution
                                                                  strengthening the
                      on the Internal Control Assessment Report
                                                                  management on
                      of the Company for 2022;


                                                                                                                and Strategies
                                                                  assets and liabilities
                      7.To con sider and approve the Proposal
                                                                  and paying closer
                      on the Estimated Ordinary Transactions
                                                                  attention to the
                      with Related Parties of the Company for
                                                                  interest rate risk
The third             2023;
                                                                  and exchange rate
meeting of            8. To consider and approve the Proposal
                                                                  risk. Committee        The meeting
the Audit             on the Re-appointment of the Accounting
                                                                  member Ding Feng       was convened
Committee March 28,   Firms of the Company;
                                                                  inquired about the     by way of on-




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
of the sixth 2023     9. To consider and approve the Report on
                                                                  reasons for the        site & video
session of            Performance of Duties of Audit Committee
                                                                  reversal of expected meetings
the Board             under the Board of the Company for 2022;
                                                                  loss. Committee
for 2023              10. To consider and approve the Special
                                                                  chairman Wang
                      Audit Report on Related Party Transactions
                                                                  Bing inquired about
                      of the Company for 2022;
                                                                  the work in relation
                      11. To consider and approve the Special
                                                                  to the tendering of
                      Audit Report on the Use of Proceeds,
                                                                  accounting firms and
                      Provision of Guarantees and Related-
                                                                  the arrangement
                      party Transactions and Other Major Events
                                                                  of internal audit
                      of the Company in 2022;
                                                                  personnel. In this



                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                      12. To consider and approve the Work Plan
                                                                  regard, relevant
                      for the Internal Audit of the Company for
                                                                  personnel of Deloitte
                      2023;
                                                                  and the Company



                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                      13. To review the Important Matters
                                                                  made detailed
                      Involved in the “Key Audit Matters” as
                                                                  explanations and
                      Set Out in the Annual Audit Report of the
                                                                  records
                      Company for 2022;
                      14. Debriefing the Report on Internal
                      Audit of Anti-money Laundering of the
                      Company for 2022;
                      15. Debriefing the Report on Internal Audit
                      of the Company for 2022.




                                                                                                         163
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                             Other
                                                                                             conditions on
          Meeting     Convening                                           Important comments execution of
          name        date      Meeting contents                          and suggestions    duty

          The fourth
          meeting of             1. To consider and approve the Resolution
                                 on Change of Accounting Policies of the    The Audit Committee
          the Audit                                                                               The meeting
                                 Company;                                   considered and
          Committee April 27,                                                                     was convened
                                                                            approved the
          of the sixth 2023      2. To consider and approve the Resolution resolutions at the     by way of
          session of             on the Financial Statements for January to meeting               teleconference
          the Board              March 2023 of the Company.
          for 2023

                                                                           The Audit Committee
                                                                           considered and
                                                                           approved the
                                                                           resolution at the
                                                                           meeting. Committee
                                                                           member Tse Yung
                                                                           Hoi advised to
          The fifth                                                        enhance resource
                                 To listen to the report on the review of
          meeting of                                                       allocation on the
                                 2023 interim financial statements of the                        The meeting
          the Audit                                                        audit of information
                                 Company’s H+G Share and the Company’s                           was convened
          Committee August 3,                                              system. Committee
                                 2023 A+H+G Share annual audit plan                              by way of on-
          of the sixth 2023                                                member Wang Bing
                                 made by relevant personnel from Deloitte,                       site & video
          session of                                                       advised to further
                                 and to discuss and communicate with                             meetings
          the Board                                                        benchmark against
                                 relevant personnel from Deloitte
          for 2023                                                         domestic securities
                                                                           companies in terms
                                                                           of ESG disclosure.
                                                                           Relevant personnel
                                                                           of Deloitte and the
                                                                           Company made
                                                                           detailed explanations
                                                                           and records

                                 1. To consider and approve the Resolution
          The sixth              on the Financial Statement of the
          meeting of             Company in the First Half of 2023;
                                                                           The Audit Committee
          the Audit              2. To consider and approve the Resolution                        The meeting
                                                                           considered and
          Committee August 29,   on Interim Report of the Company in 2023;                        was convened
                                                                           approved the
          of the sixth 2023      3. To consider and approve the Special                           by way of
                                                                           resolutions at the
          session of             Audit Report on the Use of Proceeds,                             teleconference
                                                                           meeting
          the Board              Provision of Guarantees and Related-
          for 2023               party Transactions and Other Major Events
                                 of the Company in the First Half of 2023.

          The seventh
          meeting of
                                                                           The Audit Committee
          the Audit                                                                               The meeting
                                To consider and approve the Resolution     considered and
          Committee October 27,                                                                   was convened
                                on the Financial Statements for January to approved the
          of the sixth 2023                                                                       by way of
                                September of 2023 of the Company           resolution at the
          session of                                                                              teleconference
                                                                           meeting
          the Board
          for 2023




164
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Attendance of the members of the Audit Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting Period was
as follows:


                                                                Attendance in person/Number of meetings
Name                                                                                requiring attendance

Wang Bing                                                                                               7/7

Ding Feng                                                                                               6/7

Tse Yung Hoi                                                                                            7/7

                                                                                                                        About Us
4. Nomination Committee of the Board

The main duties of the Nomination Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing the structure, headcount
and composition (including skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at least once each year and
making recommendations regarding any proposed changes in the Board in line with the Company’s
strategies; 2. Considering and making suggestions on the criteria and procedures for the selection of
Directors and senior management members; 3. Searching for qualified candidates for Director and


                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
senior management, and selecting from the list of candidates nominated by Directors or making
recommendations to the Board; 4. Reviewing and making suggestions on the qualification requirements


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
for Directors and senior management; 5. Assessing the independence of independent non-executive
Directors; 6. Making recommendations to the Board on the appointment or reappointment of Directors
and succession planning for Directors (in particular the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer); 7. Other
responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association or as required by the Board.

The procedures to nominate and criteria to select and recommend candidates for directorship and senior
management are: in accordance with the provisions of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Rules for
the Independent Directors of Listed Companies (《上 市 公 司 獨 立 董 事 規 則》) of the CSRC, Measures for the




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Supervision and Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Officers and Practitioners
of Securities Fund Operating Institutions (《證券基金經營機構董事、監事、高級管理人員及從業人員監督管理辦
法 》), the Hong Kong Listing Rules of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and other relevant laws, regulations
and the Articles of Association, the Nomination Committee under the Board shall base on the Company’s
actual situation, study the criteria for election of the Company’s senior management officers including
directors, the chief executive officer and others, the procedures for selection and term of the office and
submit such resolution once made to the Board for approval. It then follows and implements the resolution.
Selection procedures are: 1. the Nomination Committee shall actively exchange opinions with the relevant
departments of the Company, study the Company’s requirements for the senior management officers
including directors, the chief executive officer and others and shall prepare materials in written form; 2.
the Nomination Committee may search for the candidates for the senior management officers including



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
directors, the chief executive officer and others both from and within the Company and a controlling
(shareholding) enterprise, and out of the Company; 3. to collect data of the natural condition of the
preliminarily screened candidate and his/her morality, ability, diligence and performance, and prepare




                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
written information; 4. to obtain the consent of the nominee regarding the nomination or else the nominee
cannot act as a candidate for a senior management officer including a director, the chief executive officer
and others; 5. to convene a meeting of the Nomination Committee and to examine the qualifications of
the preliminarily selected candidates based on the appointment criteria for senior management officers
including directors, the chief executive officer and others; 6. one to two months prior to the election of
new directors and appointment of new senior management officers including the chief executive officer
and others, to submit to the Board the suggestion on the candidates for directors and the candidates for
newly hired senior management officers including the chief executive officer and others and the relevant
materials; 7. other follow-up work is to be carried out pursuant to the decision and feedback of the Board.




                                                                                                               165
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee of the Board convened two meetings, the details of
          which were as follows:


                              Convening                                  Important comments        Other conditions on
          Meeting name        date      Meeting contents                 and suggestions           execution of duty

          The first meeting                To consider and approve the
                                                                       The Nomination
          of the Nomination                Resolution on the Election                            The meeting was
                               October 30,                             Committee considered
          Committee of the                 of a Non-executive Director                           convened by way of
                               2023                                    and approved the
          sixth session of the             of the Sixth Session of the                           teleconference
                                                                       resolution at the meeting
          Board for 2023                   Board of the Company

          The second
                                           To consider and approve
          meeting of the                                             The Nomination
                                           the Report on Performance                           The meeting was
          Nomination           December                              Committee considered
                                           of Duties of Nomination                             convened by way of
          Committee of the 29, 2023                                  and approved the
                                           Committee under the Board                           teleconference
          sixth session of the                                       resolution at the meeting
                                           of the Company for 2023
          Board for 2023




          Attendance of the members of the Nomination Committee at the meetings held during the Reporting
          Period was as follows:


                                                                           Attendance in person/Number of meetings
          Name                                                                                 requiring attendance

          Wang Quansheng                                                                                             2/2

          Yin Lihong                                                                                                 2/2

          Peng Bing                                                                                                  2/2



          5. Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board

          The main duties of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board include: 1. Reviewing and
          providing opinions on the appraisal and remuneration management system for Directors and senior
          management, and making recommendations to the Board on the Company’s overall policy and structure
          for the remuneration of the Directors and senior management, and on the establishment of a formal and
          transparent procedure to develop remuneration policy; 2. Reviewing and approving the management’s
          remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives; 3. Conducting
          assessment on and making recommendations to the Directors and senior management: making
          recommendations on the remuneration packages, including benefits in kind, pensions and compensation
          payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of office or appointment), for
          certain executive Directors and senior management, and making recommendations to the Board on
          the remuneration of non-executive Directors; 4. Considering salaries paid by comparable companies,
          time commitment and responsibilities and engagement condition elsewhere in the Group; 5. Reviewing
          and approving compensation payable to executive Directors and senior management for any loss or
          termination of office or appointment to ensure that it is consistent with the relevant contractual terms.
          In case of inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be fair and not be
          excessive; 6. Reviewing and approving compensation arrangements relating to dismissal or removal
          of Directors for misconduct to ensure that they are consistent with the contractual terms. In case of
          inconsistency with the relevant contractual terms, the compensation shall be reasonable and appropriate;
          7. Ensuring that no Director or any of his/her associates is involved in determining their own remuneration; 8.
          Other responsibilities stipulated in the Articles of Association.




166
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board convened two
meetings, the details of which were as follows:


                    nvening                                      Important comments     Other conditions on
Meeting name        date         Meeting contents                and suggestions        execution of duty

                                                              The Remuneration
                                                              and Appraisal
                                                              Committee considered
                                 1. To consider and approve
                                                              and approved the
                                 the Resolution on Fulfilment

                                                                                                                       About Us
                                                              resolutions at the
                                 of Conditions for Release
                                                              meeting. Committee
                                 from Selling Restriction of
                                                              member Wang Bing
                                 the First Lock-up Period
                                                              inquired about the
                                 under the Restricted Share
                                                              performance appraisal
                                 Incentive Scheme of A
                                                              criteria for employees
The first                        Shares of the Company;
                                                              of the Company and
meeting of the
                                 2. To consider and           relevant information
Remuneration                                                                            The meeting was
                                 approve the Report on        on the resigned and

                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
and Appraisal       March 29,                                                           convened by way
                                 Performance Assessment       retired employees.
Committee of        2023                                                                of on-site & video
                                 and Remuneration of the      Committee chairman
the sixth session                                                                       meetings

                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                 Directors of the Company     Wang Quansheng
of the Board for
                                 in 2022;                     inquired about the
2023
                                                              business segment
                                 3. To consider and
                                                              for which each senior
                                 approve the Report
                                                              management member
                                 on Execution of Duty,
                                                              of the Company is
                                 Performance Assessment
                                                              responsible. In this
                                 and Remuneration of the
                                                              regard, relevant




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
                                 Senior Management of the
                                                              personnel of the
                                 Company in 2022.
                                                              Company made
                                                              detailed explanations
                                                              and records

The second
meeting of the                   To consider and approve
                                                                 The Remuneration and
Remuneration                     the Resolution in Relation to
                                                                 Appraisal Committee     The meeting was
and Appraisal       August 29,   the Performance Plan and
                                                                 considered and          convened by way of
Committee of        2023         Target of the Company’s
                                                                 approved the resolution teleconference
the sixth session                Senior Management for



                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
                                                                 at the meeting
of the Board for                 2023
2023




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                              167
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Attendance of the members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee at the meetings held during
          the Reporting Period was as follows:


                                                                                                     Attendance in person/Number of
          Name                                                                                         meetings requiring attendance

          Wang Quansheng                                                                                                                   2/2

          Peng Bing                                                                                                                         1/2

          Wang Bing                                                                                                                        2/2




          IX. PERFORMANCE OF DUTIES OF SUPERVISORS

          The Supervisory Committee is the Company’s supervisory body and is accountable to the Shareholders’
          general meeting. The Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the financial activities and
          internal control of the Company, and supervising the legality and compliance of the performance of duties
          by the Board of Directors, operating management and its members in accordance with the Company Law
          and the Articles of Association.

          In 2023, the Supervisory Committee of the Company complied with the relevant provisions of the Company
          Law, the Securities Law, the Articles of Association, the Rules of Procedures for the Supervisory Committee
          and other relevant regulations, to conscientiously perform and independently exercise the supervisory
          powers and duties of the Supervisory Committee. In the spirit of being responsible to all shareholders,
          the Supervisory Committee effectively supervised the Company’s operating activities, financial position,
          major decisions of the Board of Directors and the legality and compliance of the performance of duties by
          operating management. It actively protects the interests of the Company and the shareholders, and escorts
          the healthy and long-term development of the Company.

          (I) Performance of duties by Supervisors

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company held 4 meetings in total. For
          relevant information, please refer to “VI. Meetings of the Supervisory Committee Convened During the
          Reporting Period” in this section.

          During the Reporting Period, all the Supervisors of the Company attended the meetings of the Supervisory
          Committee, the Board of Directors, and the Shareholders’ general meetings, the details of which were as
          follows:

                                                      Attendance at meetings of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                         Whether or not
                                          Number of                                                                                  Attendance
                                                                                                          he/ she failed
          Name of                        meetings of                                                                                      at the
                       Position                                       Attendance                           to attend the
          Supervisor                     Supervisory Attendance                    Attendance                                            general
                                                                     in the way of             Absence        meeting in Attendance
                                         Committee      in person                     by proxy                                          meeting
                                                                  teleconference                         person for two     at Board
                                            requiring
                                                                                                             successive     meeting
                                         attendance
                                                                                                                   times
                       Chairman of
                       the Supervisory
          Gu           Committee,
                                                  4            3              –             1        –             No             3           3
          Chengzhong   employee
                       representative
                       Supervisor

          Li Chongqi   Supervisor                 4            1              –            3         –            Yes             1           6

          Yu Lanying   Supervisor                 4            3              –             1        –             No             3           –




168
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                Attendance at meetings of the Supervisory Committee
                                                                                                      Whether or not
                                   Number of                                                                                      Attendance
                                                                                                       he/ she failed
Name of                           meetings of                                                                                          at the
               Position                                        Attendance                               to attend the
Supervisor                        Supervisory Attendance                    Attendance                                                general
                                                              in the way of             Absence            meeting in Attendance
                                  Committee      in person                     by proxy                                              meeting
                                                           teleconference                             person for two     at Board
                                     requiring
                                                                                                          successive     meeting
                                  attendance
                                                                                                                times

Zhang
               Supervisor                   4            2                –            2          –              No             2            6
Xiaohong

Zhou

                                                                                                                                                            About Us
               Supervisor                   4            3                –             1         –              No             3            6
Hongrong

               employee
Wang Ying      representative               4            4                –            –          –              No             4            6
               Supervisor

          employee
Wang Juan representative                    4            4                –            –          –              No             4            3
          Supervisor


Number of meetings of Supervisory Committee convened during the year                                                                         4           Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Of which: number of meetings held on-site                                                                                                     1

             number of meetings in the way of teleconference                                                                                 –

             number of meetings held on-site and in the way of teleconference                                                                3

Note: During the Reporting Period, Ms. Li Chongqi failed to attend the meetings of the Supervisory Committee in person for two consecutive times
due to business commitments, and she has appointed other supervisors in writing to exercise voting rights on her behalf.



(II) Independent opinions of the Supervisory Committee




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee convened 4 meetings in total, at which 15 proposals
and reports were considered. The Supervisors sat in the Board meetings and general meetings of the
Company, monitored the decision-making process on material matters on a real-time basis, kept abreast
of the management’s implementation of the decisions made by the Board through carefully reading the
reports of the Company, including Work Newsletter (monthly) and Brief Report on Audit Work (quarterly) and
conducting onsite investigations and surveys on the Company’s branches. On this basis, the Supervisory
Committee gave independent opinions on the Company’s relevant matters as follows:

1. Legal operation




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
During the Reporting Period, the Company was under legal operation in compliance with relevant laws
and regulations such as the Company Law, the Securities Law and the Articles of Association as well as the
requirements of the Company’s systems. Major operational decisions of the Company were reasonable,




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
and the decision-making procedures were lawful. The Company established a relatively sound internal
management system and internal control system, under which various regulations were effectively
implemented. During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee found no conduct violating laws,
regulations, the Articles of Association or damaging the interests of the Company and its shareholders
made by Directors and senior management of the Company when performing their duties, and there were
no material risks in the Company.

2. Financial conditions of the Company

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee of the Company regularly convened meetings
of the Supervisory Committee to review quarterly reports, interim reports, annual financial reports, annual
evaluation reports on internal control and other documents of the Company, and checked the business
and financial conditions of the Company. The Supervisory Committee believed that the financial report of




                                                                                                                                                   169
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the Company for 2023 had been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP
          which had issued a standard audit report without qualified opinions. The Company’s financial statements
          were prepared in compliance with the relevant requirements of the ASBE, which truly reflected the financial
          conditions and operational achievements of the Company. Regular reports were prepared and reviewed
          in compliance with relevant laws, regulations and various requirements of the CSRC, the contents of which
          were true, accurate and complete to reflect the actual conditions of the Company.

          3. Implementation of the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and
          Confidentiality

          The Company established the System regarding Insider Registration and Management and Confidentiality
          of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in accordance with relevant laws and regulations. During the Reporting Period,
          the Company carried out the registration and management of insider information in an orderly manner
          pursuant to the policies. There were no incidents found in the Company in violation of insider registration
          and management and confidentiality obligation.

          4. Related-party transactions

          During the Reporting Period, the related-party transactions of the Company were fair and reasonable, and
          no circumstances impairing interests of the Company and shareholders have been found. When the Board
          of Directors of the Company considered related matters, independent directors expressed independent
          opinions, affiliated directors abstained from voting, and the voting procedures were legal and valid.

          5. Use of funds raised

          During the Reporting Period, the Company successfully issued ten tranches of corporate bonds with a total
          scale of RMB32.0 billion; issued six tranches of short-term corporate bonds with a total scale of RMB24.0
          billion; issued two tranches of perpetual subordinated bonds with a total scale of RMB6.5 billion; issued
          two tranches of non-public corporate bonds with a total scale of RMB6.4 billion; issued overseas medium-
          term notes with a total scale of USD4.290 billion. During the Reporting Period, the Company issued 3,563
          income certificates with a total scale of RMB21.189 billion. As of the end of the Reporting Period, 1,064 income
          certificates continued to exist with a total scale of RMB13.562 billion. The funds raised from the corporate
          bonds have been fully utilised, which is conformed to the purpose, utilisation plan and other agreements as
          undertaken in the prospectus.

          6. Implementation of share incentive scheme

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee considered the Resolution on Fulfilment of
          Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the First Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share Incentive
          Scheme of A Shares of the Company and issued its written review opinions. The conditions for release
          from selling restriction of the first lock-up period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares
          of the Company have been fulfilled, which was in compliance with the requirements under the Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. without compromising the interests of the
          Company and the shareholders.

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee considered the Resolution on Repurchase and
          Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of the Company and issued its written review opinions. The
          repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares of the Company and relevant consideration
          procedures were in compliance with the requirements under the laws, regulations and regulatory
          documents such as the Administrative Measures on Share Incentives of Listed Companies as well as the
          Articles of Association and the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company without
          compromising the interests of the Company and the shareholders.

          7. Change of accounting policies of the Company

          During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee considered the Resolution on Change of Accounting
          Policies of the Company and issued its written review opinions. The change of accounting policies of the




170
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Company and the adjustments to relevant financial information were based on the rules and requirements
published by the Ministry of Finance, which could objectively and fairly reflect the financial condition and
results of operations of the Company and were in the interest of the Company and the shareholders as a
whole, and the decision-making procedures were in compliance with the requirements under the relevant
laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association.

8. General meetings

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee considered the Resolution on Cancellation of the
2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 First A Share Class Meeting and the 2023 First H Share
Class Meeting of the Company and issued its written review opinions. Necessary procedures have been
performed for the matters in relation to the resolution, which were in compliance with the requirements                 About Us
under the relevant laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association.

9. Cancellation of the repurchased A Shares

During the Reporting Period, the Supervisory Committee considered the Resolution on the Cancellation
of the Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital by the Company and issued its written
review opinions. The cancellation of the repurchased A Shares and reduction of registered capital by the
Company as well as relevant consideration procedures were in compliance with the requirements under

                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
the laws, regulations and regulatory documents such as the Company Law, the Securities Law and the Rules
for Share Repurchase of Listed Companies as well as the Articles of Association, and would not materially


                                                                                                                      and Strategies
affect the financial condition and results of operations of the Company, without compromising the interests
of the Company and the shareholders as a whole.

10. Review of relevant reports

(1) Written reviews and opinions on the annual report of the Company for 2023 prepared by the Board
of Directors were as follows:




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
The annual report of the Company for 2023 was prepared and reviewed in compliance with the relevant
laws, regulations and requirements of regulatory authorities, the contents of which were true, accurate and
complete and could reflect the actual conditions of the Company.

(2) The Supervisory Committee of the Company reviewed the Assessment Report on Internal Control
of the Company for 2023, and had no objections to the contents therein.



X. RISKS FOUND BY THE SUPERVISORY COMMITTEE IN THE COMPANY

The Supervisory Committee of the Company had no objections towards the matters under supervision



                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
during the Reporting Period.



XI. ESTABLISHMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION OF INTERNAL CONTROL

                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
SYSTEM DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
(I) Statement of the Board

In accordance with the requirements of the corporate internal control standard system, it is the
responsibility of the Board of the Company to establish, improve and effectively implement internal control,
assess its effectiveness and truthfully disclose the assessment report on internal control. The Supervisory
Committee oversees the establishment and implementation of internal control by the Board. The operation
management is responsible for organizing and steering the day-to-day operation of corporate internal
control. The Board of Directors, the Supervisory Committee, Directors, Supervisors and senior management
of the Company undertake that this report contains no false record, misleading statement or material




                                                                                                               171
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          omission, and assume individual and joint legal liabilities to the authenticity, accuracy and integrity of this
          report.

          The objective of internal control of the Company is to reasonably ensure the legality and compliance of
          the operation and management, the security of the assets, and the truthfulness and completeness of
          the financial report and its relevant information, to improve operating efficiency and effectiveness, and
          to promote the accomplishment of the development strategy. Due to the inherent limitations of internal
          control, only reasonable assurance can be provided for the achievement of the above objectives. In
          addition, internal control may become inappropriate or the level of compliance with control policies and
          procedures may become lower due to the changes of situation, so it subjects to certain risks to speculate
          the effectiveness of internal control in the future based on the results of internal control evaluation.

          (II) Structure of the internal control system

          The Board of Directors has set up special committees such as the Compliance and Risk Management
          Committee, the Audit Committee and the Development Strategy Committee to comprehensively monitor
          the effective implementation of internal control and self-evaluation of internal control. The Company
          established the leading group for the construction and continuous optimization of internal control to
          comprehensively lead internal control standardized project construction and continuously promote the
          improvement of the internal control system. The Company designates Risk Management Department,
          Planning and Finance Department, Inspection Department, Legal Compliance Department, etc. as internal
          control management departments and all departments as internal control implementation departments
          to fully cooperate with the improvement and self-assessment of the internal control system, actively rectify
          defects in internal control and give feedback on rectification results as required. The Inspection Department
          shall be responsible for conducting internal control evaluation independently and implementing internal
          audit and assessment independently on the Company’s internal control measures annually.

          (III) Construction and improvement of the internal control system

          The Company strictly follows the Company Law, the Securities Law, Guidelines for Internal Control of
          Securities Firms, Regulation on Supervision and Administration of Securities Firms, Basic Internal Control
          Norms for Enterprises, Implementation Guidelines for Enterprise Internal Control and other laws and
          regulations, and continually improves the corporate governance structure, compliance risk control system
          and internal control management system. The Company practices internal control management methods,
          constantly enhances its ability to restrict itself and effectively prevents and resolves various risks so as to
          ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of various businesses thereof. The Company makes
          clear the internal control organizational structure and division of responsibilities, and the leading group for
          internal control construction and continuous optimization supervises and promotes the internal control
          construction of the Company. The Company’s whole businesses, departments, branches and all staff
          are involved in internal control, throughout each link from decision-making, implementation, supervision
          to feedback. Based on regulatory requirements and business development, the Company continued to
          improve various internal control management systems and constantly established and improved internal
          control systems appropriate to the scale and complexity of the business of the Company. Starting from
          prudent operation and identification, prevention and resolution of risks, the Company established and
          continued to improve a multi-level internal control evaluation mechanism comprising regular and irregular
          self-evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control, evaluation of the effectiveness of internal control
          by internal audit department and independent evaluation by external auditors, so as to continuously
          strengthen the overall internal control.

          (IV) Operation of the internal control system

          With a focus on the regulatory requirements, development strategies and operation objectives, the
          Company continued to deepen the operation of the internal control system. The Company regularly or
          irregularly carried out a review and update of the system to ensure the comprehensiveness, prudence,
          effectiveness and applicability of the system and standards, so as to avoid blank or loopholes. The




172
                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Company strengthened its risk review, assessment, examination, management and control in material
institutions, major businesses and key fields to guarantee the risks are measurable, controllable and
bearable. It deepened the establishment of the business continuity management mechanism and
improved the systems of emergency management; and actively conducted publicity and trainings
to strengthen the internal control culture publicity. Starting from prudent operation and identification,
prevention and resolution of risks, the Company established a multi-level internal control evaluation
mechanism, including regular and irregular self-assessment on the effectiveness of internal control, the
evaluation on the effectiveness of internal control by the internal audit departments and the independent
evaluation by the external auditors, so as to consistently deepen the analysis on high residual risk points and
control defects and the tracking and rectification of internal control defects, and improve the effectiveness

                                                                                                                                   About Us
of the design and implementation of control measures.

(V) Basis for the assessment of internal control

The Company organizes to conduct internal control assessment according to the corporate internal control
standard system and the Guidelines for Internal Control of Securities Firms (《證券公司內部控制指引》) and
Rules for the Preparation and Reporting of Information Disclosure by Listed Issuers of Securities No. 21 –
General Provisions on the Annual Internal Control Assessment Report (《公開發行證券的公司信息披露編報規
則第 21 號－年度內部控制評價報告的一般規定》) issued by the CSRC and other relevant laws, regulations and


                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
regulatory rules.




                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
(VI) Internal control defect and its identification

According to the identification requirements for major defects, important defects and general defects as
stipulated by the internal control system of enterprises, the Board of the Company, in consideration of such
factors as the scale of the Company, industrial characteristics, risk appetite and risk tolerance, distinguished
financial report internal control from non-financial report internal control and determined the internal
control defects applicable to the Company and its specific identification standards, which were consistent
with those of the previous years.




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
A material defect refers to a combination of one or more controlling defects that could cause the enterprise
to deviate significantly from its control objectives; a significant defect refers to a combination of one or
more controlling defects that is less severe and has less economic consequences than a material defect,
but may still cause the enterprise to deviate from its control objectives; general defects refer to defects
other than material defects and significant defects.

(VII) The Company’s internal control effectiveness assessment

According to the Basic Norms of Internal Control and its provisions in its supporting guidelines and
other regulatory requirements on internal control as well as the Company’s internal control system and
assessment methods, we have assessed the Company’s internal control effectiveness on December 31,



                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
2023 (base date of internal control assessment report) based on the daily supervision and specialized
supervision of internal control, and have issued the Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report for 2023.




                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
The main businesses and matters included in the evaluation scope of the Company’s internal control
include: internal environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, internal
supervision, as well as incompatible position separation control, authorization and approval control,
accounting system control, property protection control, budget control, operation analysis control and
performance appraisal control involved in the control activities. High risk areas we focused on include:
brokerage business, financial product sales and fund investment advisory business, margin financing
and securities lending and stock pledge businesses, equity trading business, FICC trading business, OTC
derivatives trading business, investment banking business, funds custody and service business, research
business, financial management, information technology, compliance and legal affairs, related-party
transactions, internal control of subsidiaries and other key fields, as well as the liquidity risk, market risk, credit
risk, operational risk, reputation risk, information technology risk, compliance risk, legal risk and integrity risk
that have significant impact on the Company’s operation and management.




                                                                                                                          173
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          According to the identification results of major defects in financial report internal control, on the base date
          of internal control assessment report, the Company does not have major defects in financial report internal
          control.

          The Board of Directors thinks that the Company has maintained effective financial report internal control
          in all major aspects according to the enterprise internal control standardized system and requirements in
          relevant regulations.

          According to the identification results of major defects in non-financial report internal control, on the base
          date of internal control assessment report, the Company is not aware of major defects in non-financial
          report internal control.

          (VIII) Work plan for internal control in 2024

          In 2024, the Company will continuously promote internal control optimize work. The key contents include
          referring to and implementing new regulatory and industrial requirements and improving the execution
          effectiveness of management and control measures with focus on normalizing and deepening special
          evaluation and examination as well as enhancing the efficiency of management and control tools;
          improving the process control and the ability to identify risks, improving monitoring indicators system and
          enhancing the insurmountability of management and control; and deepening the establishment of internal
          control and management culture and intensifying training and publicity.

          During the Reporting Period, there was no material defect in internal control system.



          XII. MANAGEMENT AND CONTROL OF SUBSIDIARIES DURING THE
          REPORTING PERIOD
          The Company incorporated its onshore and offshore subsidiaries into the comprehensive risk management
          system. Adhering to the philosophy of collectivization, specialization and platformization, it established a
          management model with the concentration and deep penetration of professional risks and the hierarchical
          authorization of business risks of subsidiaries, establishing an integrated management system with full
          coverage of the Group.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company continued to enhance the refined management and control
          ability, and continuously improved hierarchical authorization and quota management. It comprehensively
          integrated risk data and information of the Group, further enhanced the unified risk measuring, monitoring
          and analysis capability of the Group and normally urged subsidiaries to implement the unified rules of the
          Group to ensure that the risks of subsidiaries are measurable, controllable and bearable under the overall
          risk preference of the Group.



          XIII. INFORMATION ABOUT THE INTERNAL CONTROL AUDITING REPORT

          When disclosing the annual report for 2023, the Company will also disclose the 2023 Annual Internal Control
          Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and the Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co.,
          Ltd. at the same time, which will be published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.
          cn), the HKEX news website of the HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk) and the Company’s official website (www.htsc.
          com.cn) on March 29, 2024.

          Whether to disclose the internal control audit report: Yes

          Type of opinion on the audit report on internal control: Standard unqualified opinion




174
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
XIV. RECTIFICATION OF PROBLEMS DISCOVERED IN SPECIAL SELF-
INSPECTION ACTIONS ON LISTED COMPANIES GOVERNANCE
Under the requirements of the Announcement Regarding Implementation of Special Actions on Listed
Companies Governance issued by the CSRC, the Company conducted careful review and searching based
on the list of items for special self-inspection on listed companies governance and discovered no problems
to be rectified.



XV. BUILDING OF THE COMPLIANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM OF
                                                                                                                          About Us
THE COMPANY AND THE INSPECTION AND AUDIT FINISHED BY
THE COMPLIANCE AND INSPECTING DEPARTMENT DURING THE
REPORTING PERIOD
The Company always places emphasis on the corporate culture of operation in compliance with laws and
regulations, and carries out strict management and prudent and standard operation. During the Reporting


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Period, in accordance with the relevant laws and regulations and the regulatory requirements, the Company
further established a sound compliance management system, improved the organizational structure for
compliance management, and continued to strengthen the compliance management of the Company to

                                                                                                                        and Strategies
keep continuous and standardized development of the Company’s various businesses.

(I) Organizational Structure for Compliance Management

Since its establishment, the Company has been adjusting and improving the organizational structure for
compliance management and the relevant systems based on the changes of the market environment
and regulatory requirements and the development needs of business. According to the Measures for




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
the Compliance Management of Securities Companies and Securities Investment Fund Management
Companies (hereinafter referred to as the “Measures”) issued by the CSRC in 2017, the Company further
clarified the compliance duties of the Board of Directors, Supervisory Committee, senior management, chief
compliance officer, and responsible persons of all departments, all branches and subsidiaries at all levels
(hereinafter referred to collectively as “all subordinate units”) in the Articles of Association and the basic
compliance management system. The current compliance organizational system comprehensively reflects
the basic requirements of the Measures for “full compliance” and “starting compliance management from
the senior management”, and a resultant force situation of sound compliance management organizational
structure, clear positioning of responsibilities at all levels and full compliance is basically created.

The Board of Directors is the supreme decision-making body for compliance management of the Company,
which bears ultimate responsibility for the effectiveness of compliance management, decides on the



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
compliance management objectives and is responsible for the effectiveness of compliance management
of the Company; the Compliance and Risk Management Committee under the Board of Directors is
responsible for overseeing the overall risk management of the Company and controlling the risks within



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
a reasonable range to ensure that the internal management system, business rules, significant decisions
and main business activities of the Company are in compliance with laws and regulations and the risks
are controllable and bearable; the Supervisory Committee is responsible for supervising the compliance
management and the performance of compliance management duties by Directors and senior
management; the senior management assumes the major responsibilities for compliance management,
implements the compliance management objectives of the Company and is responsible for the whole
company’s compliance management; responsible persons of all subordinate units are responsible for their
units’ operations in accordance with laws and regulations; all the staff of the Company are responsible for
the compliance of the operational matters and professional conducts within the range of their operational
activities.




                                                                                                                 175
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The chief compliance officer is in charge of the compliance of the Company, conducts audit, inspection
          and supervision on the compliance of the management and professional conducts of the Company and
          its staff, and helps the operation management effectively identify and manage compliance risks. The
          chief compliance officer is a member of the Company’s senior management, and is appointed by the
          Board of Directors. The chief compliance officer does not hold any concurrent posts or take charge of any
          departments that conflict with his/her compliance management duties.

          The Company has established a Legal Compliance Department to assist the chief compliance officer in
          performing specific compliance management duties, mainly including: establishment of the compliance
          management system of the Company; compliance training, inspection and guidance; assessment
          and unified disposal of compliance risks; compliance review and compliance reports; cooperation with
          external compliance supervision and management institutions; anti-money laundering and Chinese Wall;
          establishment of the legal system of the Company; review of legal documents; handling of legal affairs;
          assessment of and consultation on legal risks.

          All departments and branches of the Company have their own compliance officers. A compliance officer
          is mainly responsible for the compliance management work of the unit he/she belongs to, performing
          such duties as carrying out timely and effective supervision, inspection, assessment and reporting on the
          implementation of compliance policies and procedures by such unit and its staff, and is responsible for
          the unit’s communication and exchange of information with the Legal Compliance Department and other
          compliance management work.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company further promoted the integrated and vertical management
          on compliance of branches, optimized the compliance performance appraisal plan for branches, and
          further improved the compliance management mode of branches; launched compliance training for
          branches at different levels, continued to enhance the professional competence of compliance personnel
          across branches for institutional services business and wealth management business, strengthened the
          performance capabilities of the compliance team and improved the level of business synergy; deepened
          the management on the compliance management team of branches, and strengthened the strength of
          the compliance management and control of branches, to prevent the compliance risks of the frontline
          business from the source.

          The Company established the management measures for compliance of subsidiaries, which made
          detailed arrangements for basic principles, organizational structure and working mechanism of compliance
          management of the subsidiaries, and established a sound compliance management system appropriate
          to the group strategy on the basis of ensuring the independence of the subsidiaries’ legal representatives.
          Meanwhile, the Company established a special compliance management information reporting
          mechanism, and all subsidiaries shall report on the operation of compliance management quarterly and
          report on any major risk or abnormal situation timely after the event so that the Company can grasp
          the compliance risk management and control of its subsidiaries timely; the Company established a
          mechanism for regular meetings between compliance chiefs of the parent company and subsidiaries
          to call together compliance chiefs of the subsidiaries to hold regular meetings quarterly and unblock the
          communication mechanism between the Group’s compliance chiefs and the Compliance Department, and
          built an important platform of notifying the Group’s compliance risk events, sharing supervision information,
          exchanging key and difficult points of the compliance management work and forming a resultant force for
          compliance management; and the Company strengthened the collaborative management, inspection and
          supervision over key subsidiaries and key business areas, and enhanced the follow-up and guidance on
          business compliance and control of subsidiaries, especially on new businesses.

          (II) Compliance System Building of the Company

          The Company continued to improve the compliance management system and formed various compliance
          management systems, including the Compliance Management System (2017 Revision), Measures for
          the Compliance Management of Subsidiaries (2020 Revision), Daily Working Measures for Compliance
          Management (2020 Revision), Measures for Management of Compliance Management Personnel (2020
          Revision) and Measures for the Implementation of Compliance Accountability.




176
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated or amended internal control systems such as
the Administrative Measures for Eligibility of Investors, the Administrative Measures on Clean Practices,
the Administrative Measures on the Securities Investment Behavior of Staff, the Organizational Structure
and Responsibilities of Anti-Money Laundering Work, the Rules for the Compliance Management of Bond
Investment Transactions, the Administrative Measures on the Appointment of Attorneys, the Investors’ Rights
and Interests Protection System, the Measures on the Handling of Business Complaints from Customers, the
Administrative Measures on the Prevention of and the Fight Against Illegal Collecting of Capital and Illegal
Securities Activities, the Management System for Abnormal Securities Transaction Behaviors of Customers of
Stock Exchanges, and Guidelines on the Compliance Management of the Sales of Private Financial Products,
which further optimized the compliance control system, the anti-money laundering management system

                                                                                                                               About Us
and other internal control systems.

(III) Implementation of the Compliance Management Mechanism

Since the full implementation of the compliance management system, the Company saw continuous
improvement of its compliance management work, explored to build up the “core competitiveness in terms
of compliance” and saw significant improvement in the standardization of operations. During the Reporting
Period, the Company deepened the effective integration of business and compliance, and focused on key
business links to build an embedded compliance management and control mechanism with penetration


                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
and coverage. The Compliance Department provided all branches with comprehensive compliance
consultation, put forward recommendations on common issues in time and monitored and gave guidance


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
over the rectification and improvement of relevant systems and procedures by relevant departments;
carried out compliance review comprehensively, clarified the front-line compliance review responsibilities.

(IV) Information about Inspection Carried out by the Compliance Department
during the Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the compliance department of the Company continued to carry out targeted
inspections on key businesses and key processes, and organized and launched compliance inspections




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
on over-the-counter derivatives business, compliance inspections on research report issuance business,
special compliance inspections on agency trading business, special compliance inspections on bulk
trading business, special compliance inspections on subsidiaries and special inspections on anti-money
laundering, as well as continued to follow up on the progress of rectification and improvement work.

(V) Progress of Audit Work of the Audit Department during the Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department earnestly implemented the development
strategy. Based on the functional positioning of “identifying problems, facilitating rectification, resolving risks
and creating value”, it gave play to the development concept of becoming “specialized, comprehensive,
digital and intelligent” by taking the initiative to think and act and striving to build a “centralized, unified,



                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
overall, authoritative and efficient” audit supervision system, thus effectively carried out inspections
and evaluation on the establishment and implementation of the internal control mechanisms of each
department and subsidiary, and each branch and securities business department of the Company, the




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
legality and compliance of business operation, operating guarantee, client services, anti-money laundering
and innovative business, as well as the accuracy of financial revenue and expenditure and accounting
calculation, making contribution to the steady operation and sustainable development of the Company.

Based on the annual operational targets and audit supervision, for the purpose of serving group
development and deployment and in accordance with regulatory requirements, the Company’s Audit
Department made appropriate allocation of audit resources and optimized audit means, continued to
expand the scope of audit supervision in depth and width without leaving any area undiscovered, ensuring
that audits are carried out in an overall and rigorous manner and that violations must be held accountable.
During the Reporting Period, it completed 184 audit items, representing a new record in recent years and
an increase by 19% compared with the previous year, including 2 departure audits of the Company’s senior
management, including the Company’s Executive Committee members and the Company’s chief financial




                                                                                                                      177
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          officer; 20 regular and General Managers’ departure audits on business and management departments,
          including the research institute, asset custody department, financial products department, securities
          investment department, assets operation department, compliance law department, wealth management
          department, fixed income department, digital operation department, debt financing department, central
          trading room, information technology department, financing and securities department, sales and
          trading department, planning and finance department, operation center, platform operation department,
          investment advisor development department and financial innovation department; 9 regular and senior
          management’ departure audits on branches, including Huatai Futures, Huatai United Securities, Huatai Asset
          Management, Huatai Innovative Investment, Huatai Purple Gold Investment, Huatai International and Jiangsu
          Equity Exchange; 10 departure and mandatory leave audits on General Managers of branches, including
          those in west and north regions, Zhejiang, Tianjin, Henan, Heilongjiang, Anhui, Liaoning, Guangdong, Nantong
          and Fujian; 133 departure and mandatory leave audits on General Managers of securities branches,
          including those in Beijing Yonghe Palace, Xisanhuan International Finance Center in Beijing, Dongsanhuan
          North Road in Beijing, Shanghai Wuding Road, Weihai Road of Jing’an District in Shanghai, Guobin Road of
          Yangpu District in Shanghai, Xingmin Road of Guangzhou, Guangzhou Teemmall City, Huanshi East Road of
          Guangzhou, Shennan Avenue of Shenzhen, Hongli Road of Shenzhen, Caitian Road of Shenzhen, Zhimaying
          in Nanjing, Zhonghua Road in Nanjing, Renmin Road in Suzhou and Heshan Road in Suzhou; 10 special audits
          including assessment of the effectiveness of corporate compliance management, corporate internal
          control evaluation, effectiveness evaluation of the dynamic monitoring system for corporate risk control
          indicators, evaluation of corporate anti-money laundering, specific securities investment and funds custody
          and service business, specific funds sales business, specific related-party transactions, special key matters
          in the year of 2022 and special key matters in the first half of 2023. As of the end of the Reporting Period,
          audit reports have been issued for 178 audit items; 614 audit opinions and suggestions were put forward,
          representing a year-on-year increase by 22%; according to the Implementing Rules for Penalties of Illegal
          Behaviors Discovered in Audit of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., suggestions were made on penalties for 119
          person-times and the penalty amounted to RMB192,000. As of the end of the Reporting Period, a total of 165
          audit items had reached the deadline for rectification (one month after the issuance of the document), and
          545 issues were discovered during the current auditing, with 492 were rectified, representing a rectification
          completion rate of 90.28%; and 519 issues were discovered in the previous period of the above-mentioned
          items, with 509 were rectified so far, representing a rectification completion rate of 98.07%. All units under
          auditing actively coordinated in the auditing process and the audit opinions and suggestions were
          recognized by units under auditing and their responsible persons.

          During the Reporting Period, the Audit Department of the Company gave further play of the advantage of
          its platform to enhance the digital and intelligent capability of auditing. On the one hand, with autonomous
          construction, it has made it possible to have audit work done on platform. On top of completing the first
          phase of the functional construction of the new-generation audit digital work platform as scheduled, in
          response to the requirements of IT innovation, it maintained its autonomous development ability and
          cooperated with the Information Technology Department of the Company to independently optimize
          and transform the platform’s second-phase functions, further promoted the systematic accumulation of
          knowledge and experience, made data migration between the old and the new systems and sorted out the
          data standards of both systems, to guarantee the inheritance of auditing experience. On the other hand,
          guided by Big Data thinking, it has made data application modeling. Leveraging on the entire instrument
          chain system and the data governance system on the data middle platform of the Company, while fully
          guaranteeing information security, it continued to strengthen the collection and application of data required
          for auditing, ensuring that such data are easy to access, understand and use. It also stepped up efforts to
          promote audit data governance by revising data based on audit work templates, comprehensively sorting
          out data requirements, building cross-departmental data information access channels through the Data
          Intelligence Middle Platform and conducting multiple rounds of communication with relevant departments
          to push the recording of data in various fields such as brokerage business, financial product sales,
          marketing management and abnormal behavior of customers; at the same time, data standards were
          regulated and data quality tested to constantly improve the building of audit data mart at a high standard.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company’s Audit Department continued to promote the application of audit
          results, giving equal emphasis to the “latter part” of audit rectification and the “former part” of revealing




178
                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
problems by auditing, ensuring the planning, promoting and implementing work to be done in an integrated
way. It strengthened coordination with other supervisions to achieve the same goal of applying audit
results in a more authoritative and efficient manner, together creating a closed loop of risk prevention. On
the one hand, it fulfilled supervisory responsibilities, promoted rectification and accountability, and further
improved the long-term mechanism of audit rectification which combines comprehensive rectification
and key supervision. It worked to hold rectification responsibility case by case and monitor the rectification
process in a systematic and ongoing way; as for key issues and previously unrectified issues, it carried
out special communication with units under auditing to strengthen tracking frequency and supervision,
and at the same time, it strictly performed the functions on punishment and suggestion to achieve a
deterrent effect. On the other hand, it tapped into the value of issues, implemented results transformation

                                                                                                                                                              About Us
and kept normalized delivery of reports to the operating management and functional departments,
sending specifically gathered reports to relevant units for their work reference; it put forward specific
recommendations to relevant units to promote prevention and control from the source; as for general and
typical issues, it compiled and delivered analysis reports on auditing issues, and sent audit briefs to the
whole company to prevent the “broken windows effect”.



XVI. INFORMATION ABOUT THE STAFF OF THE PARENT COMPANY AND

                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
MAJOR SUBSIDIARIES AS AT THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD


                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
(I) Information about the staff

Number of staff employed by the parent company                                                                                             11,501

Number of staff employed by major subsidiaries                                                                                             5,157

The total number of staff employed                                                                                                       16,658

Number of retired staff of the parent company and its major




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                                            234
subsidiaries that need to be paid for the cost

                                                        Profession Composition

Profession                                                                                                                  Number of staff

Operation professionals                                                                                                                  10,940

Operation support professionals                                                                                                           2,432

Research and development professionals                                                                                                    3,286




                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Total                                                                                                                                    16,658

                                                                  Education




                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
Level of education                                                                                                      Number (persons)

Doctor                                                                                                                                       164

Master                                                                                                                                    7,299

Bachelor                                                                                                                                    6,711

Junior college graduate and below                                                                                                           995

Total                                                                                                                                     15,169

Note: Due to the internal policies of corporations in the United States, the above statistics do not include those of employees of corporations in
the United States. Number of the Group’s staff includes dispatched workers and brokers etc.




                                                                                                                                                     179
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                           Operation professionals                                       Doctor


                                           Operation support                                             Master
                  Profession
                                           professionals                      Education
                 Composition
                                                                                                         Bachelor
                                           Research and development
                                           professionals                                                 Junior college
                                                                                                         graduate and below




          As of December 31, 2023, the Group had a total of 10 members of senior management, of whom 8 were male
          and 2 were female. The Group had 8,430 male employees and 6,739 female employees in total, representing
          44% being female employees (Note: Due to the internal policies of US companies, the gender structure
          statistics do not include US company employees). The Board is of the opinion that the Company has
          achieved gender diversity among its employees (including senior management), and is not aware of any
          factors or circumstances which make achieving gender diversity across the workforce more challenging or
          less relevant.

          The Company issued the “Statement of Rights and Benefits of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.” (《华泰证券股份有限
          公司權益及福利聲明》) on the official website of the Company, which explicitly advocates employee diversity
          and ensures that the employment and career development of employees are not affected by any factors
          such as race, faith, gender, religion, nationality, ethnicity, age, marital status and social status.

          (II) Remuneration policy

          The Company implements the concept of stable operation, closely integrates compensation management
          with risk management, pays attention to the bottom-line requirements of compliance and fully considers
          the impact of market cycle fluctuations, industry characteristics and the Company’s business development
          trends. The Company integrated the cultural concept of “compliance, integrity, professionalism and stability”
          into its compensation management and established a compensation incentive mechanism for long-term
          development to promote high-quality and sustainable development of the Company and the industry.

          The Company attached importance to the linkage between remuneration and benefits, took into
          account both internal fairness and external competitiveness of incentives, and established a competitive
          remuneration and incentive allocation mechanism that is linked to the Company’s overall benefits, guided
          by the results of the comprehensive appraisal, and matched with compliance and risk management. Staff
          remuneration of the Company consists of fixed salary, performance bonus, share incentive and employee
          benefits. The Company has established and implemented the restricted share incentive scheme of A
          Shares in accordance with national laws and regulations, which established a sound medium and long-
          term incentive and restraint mechanism, and created a market-oriented institutional mechanism and
          development platform to gather core talents.

          Pursuant to relevant laws and regulations, the Company makes full payments to social insurances and
          housing fund accounts for staff in accordance with laws. Meanwhile, the Company has established the
          supplementary medical insurance plan and enterprise annuity plan to improve supplementary medical
          care and retirement treatment of staff.

          (III) Training programs

          In line with the development trend of industry innovation and transformation, the Company continued to
          centralize its training on the aspects including strategic culture, comprehensive quality, professional ability,
          professional ethics, technology empowerment and international vision and its annual training plan was
          implemented smoothly. The Company organized trainings on securities industry culture and corporate
          culture to promote the integration of cultural construction and business development. The Company carried
          out series of training projects such as the “BAL” project for managers, the “HIPO” project for senior employees
          and the “STAR” project for new employees to support employees’ career development, and implemented




180
                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
business trainings on wealth management, institutional business, financial technology, compliance and risk
control and etc. to improve employees’ professional capabilities and strengthen their professional ethics.
In addition, the Company effectively utilized the cloud learning platform and continuously optimized its
functions to improve employees’ user experience. During the Reporting Period, the Company organized 505
live broadcast training sessions on the platform. 1,260,000 participants studied through the platform and
completed 426,000 hours of learning with an average of 45.6 hours for each participant.

(IV) During the Reporting Period, there was no labor outsourcing by the Company



                                                                                                                          About Us
XVII. SHARE INCENTIVE SCHEME, EMPLOYEE STOCK OWNERSHIP PLAN
OR OTHER EMPLOYEE INCENTIVES MEASURES AND THEIR IMPLICATION
On February 8, 2021, a series of resolutions including the Resolution on the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme
of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Draft) and its Summary was considered and approved at the
Company’s first extraordinary general meeting of 2021. On March 23, 2021, upon consideration and approval
at the fourteenth meeting of the fifth session of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Company made
adjustment to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and agreed to grant restricted A Shares to


                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
the incentive participants, and the grant date was determined to be March 29, 2021. For details, please refer
to the announcements of the Company dated December 31, 2020 and March 23, 2021.


                                                                                                                        and Strategies
(I) Summary of the Share Incentive Scheme

1. Purposes

The Company has formulated the Incentive Scheme in accordance with the relevant requirements
of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Trial Measures on Implementation of Share Incentive
Schemes by State-owned Listed Companies (Domestic) (Guo Zi Fa Fen Pei [2006] No. 175), the Notice




                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
on Issues concerning Regulating the Implementation of the Share Incentive Schemes by State-Owned
Listed Companies (Guo Zi Fa Fen Pei [2008] No. 171), Opinions on Supporting Share Repurchase by Listed
Companies (CSRC Announcement [2018] No. 35) and The Administrative Measures on Incentive Scheme
of Listed Companies (CSRC Decree No. 148). The main purposes of implementing the Incentive Scheme
are as follows: (1) to deepen and implement the mixed-ownership reform of state-owned enterprises;
(2) to stabilize and enhance the Company’s value; (3) to advocate the concept of joint and sustainable
development of both the Company and the individual; (4) to establish and improve the long-term incentive
and restriction mechanism of the Company.

2. Scope of the Incentive Participants

The incentive participants granted under the Incentive Scheme shall include directors and senior



                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
management officers and other core key employees of the Company, but exclude non-executive Directors
(including independent Directors) and Supervisors of the Company. All of the incentive participants are
employed with the Company (including branches) or wholly-owned or majority-controlled subsidiaries.



                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
3. Interests Proposed to be Granted under the Share Incentive Scheme

The Restricted A Shares proposed to be granted to the incentive participants under the Incentive Scheme
shall be not more than 45,640,000 shares, representing 0.50% of the total share capital of the Company
at the end of the Reporting Period. The source of shares is the ordinary A shares repurchased from the
secondary market by the Company. The grant price shall be RMB9.10 per share and shall not be lower than
the higher of 50% of the average trading price of the A Shares for the last trading day preceding the date
of the Share Incentive Scheme and 50% of the average trading price of the A Shares for either the last 20
trading days, 60 trading days or 120 trading days immediately preceding the Share Incentive Scheme.

4. Validity Period of the Share Incentive Scheme and Arrangement of Lock-up Period

The validity period of the Incentive Scheme shall commence from the date of completion of registration of




                                                                                                                 181
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the granted Restricted Shares and end on the date when all the Restricted Shares granted to the incentive
          participants are fully unlocked (excluding those subject to voluntary lock-up or reduction restriction over
          Directors and senior management) or repurchased and deregistered, for a maximum of six years.


          The lock-up period of the Restricted Shares granted under the Incentive Scheme is 24 months from the date
          of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding portion of the Restricted Shares, and the
          unlocking period and unlocking schedule of each period of the Restricted Shares granted is set out below:

          Unlocking                                                                                              Unlocking
          Arrangement           Unlocking Period                                                                proportion

                                Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 24 months from
          The first unlocking   the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                                       33%
          period                portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 36 months from
                                the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares

                                Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 36 months from
          The second            the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                                       33%
          unlocking period      portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 48 months from
                                the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares

                              Commencing from the first trading day upon the expiry of 48 months from
          The third unlocking the date of completion of registration for the grant of the corresponding
                                                                                                                       34%
          period              portion of the Restricted Shares to the last trading day of 60 months from
                              the date of completion of registration for the grant of the Restricted Shares


          (II) Particulars of the Grant under the Share Incentive Scheme

          On April 7, 2021, the Company received the Certificate of Registration of Changes in Securities issued by
          China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited Shanghai Branch to set out the record date
          being April 6, 2021 and granted 45,488,000 Restricted A Shares to 810 eligible incentive participants at the
          grant price of RMB9.10 per Share. The Company has completed the registration of the grant of the restricted
          A Shares. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 7, 2021.

          (III) Subsequent Development of the Share Incentive Scheme during the Reporting
          Period

          1. Release from Selling Restriction of the First Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share
          Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company and Listing of Relevant Shares

          During the Reporting Period, the second meeting of the sixth session of the Board and the second meeting of
          the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company considered and approved the Resolution on
          Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the First Lock-up Period under the Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company respectively. The Company has completed the
          relevant procedures for release from selling restriction of 14,222,943 restricted shares held by 770 incentive
          participants in accordance with relevant regulations, the above-mentioned Shares were released from
          selling restriction and were listed for trading on April 24, 2023. The closing price of A Shares as at the trading
          date preceding to the release of selling restriction (i.e. April 21, 2023) was RMB13.48 per share. For details,
          please refer to the announcements of the Company dated March 30, 2023 and April 17, 2023, respectively.

          2. Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares

          During the Reporting Period, the second meeting of the sixth session of the Board, the second meeting of the
          sixth session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company and the 2022 Annual General Meeting, the 2023
          Second A Share Class Meeting, and the 2023 Second H Share Class Meeting of the Company considered




182
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
and approved the Resolution on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of the
Company, respectively. The Company repurchased and canceled part or all of 925,692 restricted shares
granted to 137 persons but subject to selling restriction due to non-fully fulfillment of condition of individual
performance by incentive participants, release or termination of employment with the Company and other
circumstances. The repurchase price was RMB8.25 per share, and the total amount of consideration for
repurchase was RMB7,636,959.00. The cancellation of such Shares was completed on September 22, 2023.
For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated March 30, 2023, June 30, 2023 and
September 19, 2023, respectively.




                                                                                                                                  About Us
During the Reporting Period, changes in the restricted A Shares granted under the Share Incentive Scheme
are as follows:

                                                Changes in the Reporting Period
                          Number of                                        Number      Purchase            Number of
                   Restricted Shares                                      of Shares     Price for   Restricted Shares
Name/Type of           Locked at the Number of Shares                      Lapsed/       Shares         Locked at the
Incentive           Beginning of the   Newly Granted Number of Shares    Cancelled    Cancelled      End of the Period
Participant           Period (share)          (share) Unlocked (share)      (share)      (Yuan)               (share)

Zhou Yi                    720,000                –          237,600             –             –            482,400


                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
Five highest
remuneration              450,000                 –           148,500            –             –             301,500


                                                                                                                                and Strategies
individuals

Other incentive
                        43,257,027                –        13,836,843     925,692          8.25          28,494,492
participants

Total                   44,427,027                –        14,222,943     925,692          8.25          29,278,392


Other incentives

For the employee incentives adopted by AssetMark (not a major subsidiary of the Company within the




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
meaning of the Hong Kong Listing Rules), a controlled company of the Group, please refer to Note 63(b)
Share-based payments of an overseas subsidiary to the consolidated financial statements in this report.

(IV) No share incentive granted to the Directors and senior management during the
Reporting Period

(V) Appraisal mechanism for the senior management and the establishment and
implementation of incentive mechanism during the Reporting Period

During the Reporting Period, the Company comprehensively promoted the tenure system and contractual




                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
management of the operating management, and organized a new session of senior management to sign
the annual operating performance responsibility letter, the tenure operating performance responsibility
letter and position appointment agreements. The annual and tenure performance appraisal on the




                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
Company’s senior management was carried out in the principle of sharing goals, comprehensively
benchmarking the market and attaching equal importance to incentives and restrictions. Appraisal
on senior management adopts the target appraisal on key performance indicators. The performance
indicators are related not only to the annual operating goals of the Company but also reflect the
orientation of compliance operation as well as the emphasis and difficulties of relevant work charged by
such individual. The performance indicators and target value on senior management are determined by
the Board based on the Company’s annual operation strategies, the characteristics of the Company, the
market environment and others. The Board determines the level of annual appraisal and remuneration
allocation of senior management at the end of the year after comprehensively considering the Company’s
annual operating goals, the completion of relevant work charged by the senior management member and
the special annual compliance appraisal.




                                                                                                                         183
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XVIII. PROPOSAL OF PROFIT DISTRIBUTION OR CAPITALIZATION FROM
          CAPITAL RESERVE
          (I) Formulation, implementation or adjustment of cash dividend policy

          Article 261 of the Articles of Association has clarified the Company’s profit distribution policy, the decision-
          making process for the profit distribution plan and the decision-making process for adjustments of the
          profit distribution policy. The policy of the Company’s profit distribution is: “The Company shall focus on
          generating a reasonable investment return to the investors and implements continual and steady policy of
          profit distribution; the Company’s profit distribution shall not exceed the scope of accumulated distributable
          profits nor impair the Company’s continual operational capability; the Company may distribute dividends
          in form of cash, shares or a combination of cash and shares. Except for the special condition under which
          the Company plans to conduct material investments or make major cash expenses within the next twelve
          months, or other conditions that may result in the fact that the Company fails to comply with the regulatory
          requirements regarding net capital, the Company shall distribute its dividends in form of cash if the
          Company’s profits for the current year and its accumulated non-distributed profits are positive; for the last
          three years, the Company’s accumulated profits distributed in form of cash shall not be less than 30% of
          the annual average distributable profit realized for the last three years; upon the proposal by the Board of
          Directors and approval by the general meeting, an interim dividend distribution may be made in the form
          of cash; the Company may distribute dividends in the form of shares based on the annual profits and cash
          flow status and subject to the satisfaction of the lowest ratio for cash dividend and the reasonableness of
          the Company’s equity scale.”

          For the last three years (including the Reporting Period), the Company did not have any plan or proposal
          regarding capitalization from capital reserve to share capital. The details of the profit distribution plan or
          proposal of ordinary shares of the Company over the last three years (including the Reporting Period) were
          as follows:

          In 2021, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
          Company’s total share capital of 9,076,650,000 shares after deducting 45,278,495 A Shares deposited in
          the special account for securities repurchase and 1,060,973 A Shares to be repurchased and cancelled (i.e.
          on the basis of 9,030,310,532 shares), with the total cash dividend of RMB4,063,639,739.40 (tax inclusive),
          representing 30.45% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated
          basis for 2021. According to relevant provisions of the Guidelines of Self-regulation of Companies Listed
          on Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 7 –Repurchase of Shares (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第 7 號－
          回購股份》), the amount of share repurchases effected by a company in a year shall be deemed as cash
          dividends and be counted in the calculation of the cash dividend payout ratio for the year. Accordingly,
          based on the amount of share repurchases effected by the Company for 2021 of RMB48,959,144.00 (excluding
          transaction costs), the total cash dividend amounted to RMB4,112,598,883.40, representing 30.81% of net profit
          attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated basis for 2021.

          In 2022, the Company distributed cash dividend of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares based on the
          Company’s total share capital of 9,075,589,027 shares after deducting 45,278,495 A Shares deposited in
          the special account for securities repurchase and 925,692 A Shares to be repurchased and cancelled (i.e.
          on the basis of 9,029,384,840 shares), with the total cash dividend of RMB4,063,223,178.00 (tax inclusive),
          representing 36.76% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a consolidated
          basis for 2022.

          In 2023, after comprehensive consideration of factors such as the interests of shareholders and the
          development of the Company, the 2023 profit distribution proposal of the Company is as follows:

          1. The Company will distribute cash dividend of RMB0.43 (tax inclusive) per share based on the Company’s
          existing total share capital of 9,029,384,840.00 shares, with the total cash dividend of RMB3,882,635,481.20 (tax
          inclusive), representing 30.45% of net profit attributable to the shareholders of the Parent Company on a
          consolidated basis for 2023.




184
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
If the total share capital of the Company changes as a result of repurchase and cancellation of shares
granted in the equity incentive during the period from the disclosure date of this proposal to the record
date of the implementation of the dividend distribution, the Company intends to maintain the distribution
ratio per share unchanged and adjust the total distribution accordingly. The remaining profits available for
distribution to investors will be carried forward to the next year.

2. Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and paid to holders of A Shares (including the
depositary of GDRs) and the investors of Southbound Trading in RMB and to holders of H Shares (excluding
the investors of Southbound Trading) in HKD. The actual distribution amount in HKD shall be calculated at
the rate of average basic exchange rate of RMB to HKD issued by the PBOC five business days prior to the


                                                                                                                             About Us
date of the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company.


(II) Particulars of cash dividend policy

Whether it is in compliance with the requirements of the Articles of Association
                                                                                                    √Yes     No
or the resolutions of general meetings

Whether the dividend distribution criteria and proportion are well defined and
                                                                                                    √Yes     No


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
clear

Whether the relevant decision-making procedures and mechanism are
                                                                                                    √Yes     No

                                                                                                                           and Strategies
complete

Whether the independent directors fulfil their duties and play their roles                          √Yes     No

Whether the minority shareholders have the opportunities to sufficiently voice
their opinions and make requests, and whether their legal interests are fully                       √Yes     No
protected




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
(III) Profit Distribution and Share Capital Increase by Way of Transfer From Capital
ReservesS During the Reporting Period
                                                                                       Unit: Yuan   Currency: RMB


Number of bonus shares per 10 shares (share)                                                                   –

Dividends per 10 shares (Yuan) (tax inclusive)                                                              4.30

Number of increased shares per 10 shares (share)                                                               –

Amount of cash dividends (tax inclusive)                                                    3,882,635,481.20




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Net profit attributable to the shareholders of ordinary shares of the Company in
                                                                                            12,750,632,499.51
the consolidated statement during the dividend year




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Percentage of net profit attributable to the shareholders of ordinary shares of
                                                                                                           30.45
the Company in the consolidated financial statements (%)

Amount for repurchase of shares under cash included in cash dividends                                          –

Total amount of dividends (tax inclusive)                                                   3,882,635,481.20

Ratio of total amount of dividends to net profit attributable to ordinary
                                                                                                           30.45
shareholders of the listed company in consolidated statements (%)




                                                                                                                    185
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          XIX. OTHER INFORMATION

          (I) Company Secretary

          Mr. Zhang Hui is one of the joint company secretaries of the Company, while Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne,
          manager of SWCS Corporate Services Group (Hong Kong) Limited, is the joint company secretary fulfilling
          the relevant qualification requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The company secretary is mainly
          responsible for facilitating the operation of the Board, ensuring the effective communication between the
          members of the Board and the observation of the policies and procedures of the Board, and ensuring the
          compliance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulations by the Company. Any Director can
          discuss with, seek advice from and obtain information from the company secretary. The primary contact
          person for Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne at the Company is Mr. Zhang Hui.

          Each of Mr. Zhang Hui and Ms. Kwong Yin Ping Yvonne has complied with the requirements of Rule 3.29 of
          the Hong Kong Listing Rules by receiving relevant professional training for no less than 15 hours during the
          Reporting Period.

          (II) Responsibilities of the Directors and Auditors in respect of the Accounts

          The following statement of responsibilities of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in
          conjunction with the responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report
          of this report. Each responsibility statement shall be understood separately.

          The Board of Directors confirmed that it took responsibility for the preparation of the annual report of the
          Group for the year ended December 31, 2023.

          The Board of Directors is responsible for presenting a clear and well-defined assessment of the annual and
          interim reports, stock price sensitive information, and other matters that need to be disclosed according to
          the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other regulatory provisions. The management has provided relevant and
          necessary explanation and information for the Board of Directors so that the Board of Directors could make
          informed assessment on the financial data and position of the Group for examination and approval at the
          Board meetings.

          To the knowledge of all Directors, the Company does not face any events or situations of significant
          uncertainty likely to give rise to the significant doubt of the Company’s capability of sustainable operations.
          In addition, the Company has arranged appropriate insurance cover for the legal actions and liabilities
          which the Directors, Supervisors and senior management may be exposed to.

          For the purposes of the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority’s Transparency Rule 4.1.12(3), each
          Director (whose names and functions are listed on page 121 of this report) of the Company, to the best of
          their knowledge, confirm the following two points, respectively:

          (a) the financial statements, prepared in accordance with the applicable set of accounting standards,
          give a true and fair view of the assets, liabilities, financial position and profit or loss of the Company and the
          undertakings included in the consolidation taken as a whole; and

          (b) the management report (being this annual report, excluding the financial statements referred to above
          (on pages 269-419 of the financial report attached to this report) and the independent auditor’s report
          thereon (on pages 262-268 of the financial report attached to this report)) includes a fair review of the
          development and performance of the business and the position of the Group and the undertakings included
          in the consolidation taken as a whole, together with a description of the principal risks and uncertainties that
          the Group faces.

          (III) Performance Assessment Results for Directors and Supervisors

          During the Reporting Period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company had abided by the relevant
          provisions of laws, administrative laws and regulations as well as the Articles of Association, and performed
          their duties and obligations honestly and diligently.




186
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
All the Directors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently in
compliance with laws. They have attended Board meetings and various meetings of special committees in
accordance with relevant provisions, considered each proposal seriously, offered advice and suggestions
on significant strategic decisions and plans, important investment and financing projects, business
innovations, related-party transactions, compliance management and internal control, system construction,
appointment of senior management, performance assessment, enterprise cultural construction and social
responsibilities of the Company, and acted as professional gatekeepers on such issues, which ensured
those material decisions to be scientific and standardized as well as the sustainable and innovative
development of the Company, and preserved the interests of the shareholders practically.



                                                                                                                         About Us
All the Supervisors of the Company have performed their statutory duties honestly, faithfully and diligently
in compliance with laws. They have attended the meetings of the Supervisory Committee in accordance
with relevant provisions, attended the Board meetings, considered each proposal carefully, supervised
and inspected the legality of operation, material decisions and important business activities as well as
the financial position of the Company, actively protected the legal interests of the Company and its
shareholders, promoted the legal operation and standardized management, and ensured the sound
development of the Company.

For details on the performance of duties of the Company’s Directors and Supervisors, please refer to the



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
“Performance of Duties of Directors” and “Performance of Duties of Supervisors” under this section in this
report.



                                                                                                                       and Strategies
(IV) Communication with Shareholders

The shareholders’ general meeting is the organ of the highest authority of the Company, and the
shareholders exercise their rights through the shareholders’ general meeting. The Company convenes and
holds shareholders’ general meetings in strict accordance with the relevant provisions of the Articles of
Association and the Rules of Procedures for General Meetings to ensure the equal status of all shareholders,
in particular the minority shareholders, and enable them to exercise their rights completely.




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
The Company pays great attention to the shareholders’ opinions and advice, actively and regularly carries
out various investor relations activities to keep communication with shareholders and meet their reasonable
needs timely. The Company has formulated a series of relatively perfect rules and regulations such as the
Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, to manage investor relationship in accordance with
the standards, systems and procedures.

The Company’s Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship, namely the shareholder
communication policy of the Company, was reviewed and amended by the Board on October 28, 2022
to ensure implementation and effectiveness. The Company confirms that the current Administrative
System Regarding Investor Relationship, namely the shareholder communication policy of the Company, is
effectively implemented by the following measures:




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
The provisions set out in the Administrative System Regarding Investor Relationship are designed to
ensure that shareholders of the Company, including individual and institutional investors (collectively,
“shareholders”) and, where appropriate, securities analysts and potential investors, have full and equal




                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
access to information about the Company in due course, thus to help the effective performance of
shareholders’ rights, to enhance communication between shareholders and the Company, and to increase
their understanding and recognition of the Company.

The main channels through which the Company communicates information to its shareholders are the
regular reports, announcements and circulars published on the websites of the SSE, the HKEXnews website
of Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the website of LSE and the official website of the Company. In addition,
the Company has developed good interaction and communication with its shareholders by means of
holding regular results announcement meetings, opening a service hotline, setting up an investor relations
column on the website of the Company and conducting on-site research and receptions to ensure timely
communication of the relevant information about the Company to Shareholders and relevant parties.

The Board of Directors of the Company is willing to listen to shareholders’ advice and encourages




                                                                                                                187
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          shareholders to attend the general meetings to ask the Board of Directors or the management directly
          about any doubts they may hold. Shareholders may convene extraordinary general meetings or submit
          interim proposals to general meetings according to the procedures set out in Article 84 and Article 89 of the
          Articles of Association, which were published on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the HKEX news
          website of the HKEX and the Company’s official website. The Company will arrange for the Board of Directors
          to answer the shareholders’ questions at its annual general meeting for 2023.

          (V) Investor Relations

          The investor relations management is one of the most important tasks on the normative development and
          legitimate operation of the Company and is highly valued by the Board of the Company. The Company
          planned, arranged and organized various activities to manage investor relations with a strong sense of
          responsibility, including coordinating on-site interviews to the Company, and keeping in contact with
          regulatory authorities, investors, intermediary agencies and news media and so on.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company timely updated information on the “Investor Relations” column
          on the Company’s website, and answered inquiries from investors of the interactive e-platform on the
          website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The Company has received 37 times of onsite investigations
          and surveys or telephone interviews from approximately 119 researchers and investors such as securities
          companies and funds companies at home and abroad in the whole year. The Company also carried out
          daily consultation work seriously for investors and answered their questions in detail. Meanwhile, to assist the
          issuance of the periodic reports, the Company held 2 presentations for operating performance and 3 online
          briefings on performance, and proactively attended strategy seminars and investment forums held by
          domestic or foreign securities institutions. It attended 9 strategy seminars and investment forums during the
          Reporting Period and maintained full communications with investors and researchers on issues such as the
          development trend of the industry, operational results of the Company as well as its business development
          strategy, which effectively promoted investors’ and researchers’ understanding of the business condition
          and result performance of the Company, completely marketed the development advantages of the
          Company, and correctly guided market expectations. The Company persisted in inducing and analyzing
          various questions proposed by institutional investors and researchers to improve the professionalism,
          normalization and the quality of investor relations management of the Company.




188
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The Company’s reception of investigations and surveys, communications and participation in strategy
seminars and investment forums held by domestic or overseas securities institutions in the year of 2023 are
as follows:
                                                                                                           Major topics
                                                                                                           discussed and
      Date of                          Way of                                                              information
No.   reception    Meeting name        reception     Guests                                                provided

                   Institutional
      January 4,                       Telephone
1                  investigations                    DBS Bank (1 person-time)
      2023                             interview
                   and surveys


                                                                                                                                      About Us
                                                     Morgan Stanley, J.P. Morgan, UBS Securities,
                   Presentation        Video and
      March 31,                                      Citibank, HSBC, CITIC Securities, CICC, China
2                  for 2022 Annual     telephone
      2023                                           Securities, Guotai Junan, Shenwan Hongyuan, etc.
                   Results of HTSC     interview
                                                     (more than 1,000 person-times)

                   Institutional
      April 3,                         Telephone
3                  investigations                    Ren Bridge Asset (1 person-time)
      2023                             interview
                   and surveys

                   Institutional


                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
      April 11,                        Onsite
4                  investigations                    Citadel International Equities (1 person-time)
      2023                             interview
                   and surveys




                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                   Institutional
      April 13,                        Telephone
5                  investigations                    Wellington Assets Management (2 person-times)
      2023                             interview
                   and surveys

                   Institutional
      April 17,                        Telephone
6                  investigations                    Greenwoods Asset (2 person-times)
      2023                             interview
                   and surveys
                                                                                                           Business
                   Institutional
      April 20,                        Telephone                                                           highlights,




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
7                  investigations                    J.P. Morgan (1 person-time)
      2023                             interview                                                           operations
                   and surveys
                                                                                                           and financial
                                                                                                           performance,
                   Institutional
      April 21,                        Telephone                                                           and long-
8                  investigations                    DBS Bank (1 person-time)
      2023                             interview                                                           term strategic
                   and surveys
                                                                                                           planning of the
                                                                                                           Company
                   Institutional                     Industrial Securities, Neuberger Berman, Taikang
      April 25,                        Onsite
9                  investigations                    Asset, Guotai Fund, Western Leadbank, Wealspring
      2023                             interview
                   and surveys                       Asset, Fullgoal Fund, etc. (8 person-times)

                                                     Shenwan Hongyuan, Bank of China Investment
                   Conference of
      May 8,                           Telephone     Management, Caitong Securities, GF Securities,
10                 Shenwan Feiyin




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
      2023                             interview     Nanjing Securities, Greenwoods Asset, etc. (24
                   and HTSC
                                                     person-times)

                   Institutional
      May 9,                           Onsite




                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection
11                 investigations                    CICC (3 person-times)
      2023                             interview
                   and surveys

                   Institutional
      May 12,                          Onsite
12                 investigations                    Foresight Fund (1 person-time)
      2023                             interview
                   and surveys

                   Institutional
      May 15,                          Onsite
13                 investigations                    Great Wall Securities, etc. (7 person-times)
      2023                             interview
                   and surveys

                                                      TF Securities, CITIC Securities, Greenwoods Asset,
                   2023 interim
      May 17,                                         Industrial Bank, China Universal Asset Management,
14                 strategy forum of   Teleconference
      2023                                            ICBCCS, Pingan Wealth Management, etc. (28
                   TF Securities
                                                      person-times)




                                                                                                                             189
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                    Major topics
                                                                                                                    discussed and
                Date of                         Way of                                                              information
          No.   reception    Meeting name       reception   Guests                                                  provided

                             Institutional
                May 18,                         Onsite      Changjiang Securities, Jingan Investment (3
          15                 investigations
                2023                            interview   person-times)
                             and surveys

                             “Talk to
                             Presidents”
                             –2023 privileged
                May 25,                         Onsite      GF Securities, BNB Wealth Management, Dehui
          16                 conference
                2023                            interview   Investment, CPIC AMC (5 person-times)
                             among boutique
                             listed companies
                             of GF Securities

                             CITIC Securities               CITIC Securities, Changjiang Pension, Double-
                June 1,                         Onsite
          17                 2023 Capital                   safeguard Asset, GS Capital, Springs Capital (6
                2023                            interview
                             Market Forum                   person-times)

                             Institutional
                June 12,                        Onsite      UBS Securities, Guotai Junan, Shenwan Hongyuan
          18                 investigations
                2023                            interview   (5 person-times)
                             and surveys

                             Institutional
                June 14,                        Onsite
          19                 investigations                 Hua Chuang Securities (5 person-times)
                2023                            interview
                             and surveys

                             Institutional
                June 15,                        Onsite
          20                 investigations                 GF Securities (4 person-times)                          Business
                2023                            interview
                             and surveys                                                                            highlights,
                                                                                                                    operations
                             Institutional                                                                          and financial
                June 16,                        Onsite
          21                 investigations                 Pacific Securities (1 person-time)                      performance,
                2023                            interview
                             and surveys                                                                            and long-
                                                                                                                    term strategic
                             Institutional                                                                          planning of the
                July 5,                         Onsite
          22                 investigations                 ICBCCS (1 person-time)                                  Company
                2023                            interview
                             and surveys

                                                            UBS Securities, BoFA Securities, Morgan Stanley,
                             Presentation       Video and
                August 31,                                  CICC, CITIC Securities, Shenwan Hongyuan,
          23                 for 2023 Interim   telephone
                2023                                        Citibank, Credit Suisse, Fosun International, Guotai
                             Results of HTSC    interview
                                                            Junan, etc. (more than 400 person-times)

                                                            UBS Securities, CPPIB, Qianxi Investment ( 千禧投資 ),
                          Institutional
                September                       Onsite      China Investment, Nan Fung Group, Lazard Asset
                                                            Management, Fountain Capital ( 噴泉資本 ), RAYS
          24              investigations
                5, 2023                         interview
                          and surveys
                                                            Capital, Citadel (9 person-times)

                          Institutional                     BoFA Securities, Franklin Templeton Investments,
                September                       Telephone
          25              investigations                    Aberdeen Asset Management, Segantii Capital,
                6, 2023                         interview
                          and surveys                       RAYS Capital, NSR Capital (6 person-times)

                                                            Zheshang Securities, Xingyin Fund, Jingan
                          Institutional                     Investment, Greenwoods Asset, China Securities,
                September                       Telephone
          26              investigations                    Shanxi Securities, CCB Principal Asset Management,
                6, 2023                         interview
                          and surveys                       Founder Fubon, Ren Bridge Asset, HSBC Life
                                                            Insurance, Hua Chuang Securities (11 person-times)

                          Autumn strategy                   Haitong Securities, HuaAn Funds, Changjiang
                September                       Onsite
          27              forum of Haitong                  Pension, Manulife Fund, CITIC Securities, GTS Fund (6
                8, 2023                         interview
                          Securities                        person-times)




190
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                          Major topics
                                                                                                          discussed and
      Date of                         Way of                                                              information
No.   reception   Meeting name        reception     Guests                                                provided

                Institutional
      September                       Telephone
28              investigations                      Fidelity (1 person-time)
      22, 2023                        interview
                and surveys

                Institutional
      September                       Onsite
29              investigations                      Citibank (1 person-time)
      25, 2023                        interview
                and surveys


      November
                  Strategy forum
                                      Onsite        Founder Securities, ABC-CA, Minsheng Royal, etc. (5                              About Us
30                of Founder
      1, 2023                         interview     person-times)
                  Securities

                  Institutional
      November                        Onsite
31                investigations                    Taikang Asset (1 person-time)
      2, 2023                         interview
                  and surveys

                                                    GF Fund, BOCOM Schroders, ICBCCS, Taikang Asset,
                  Institutional                     Fullgoal Fund, Dacheng Fund, Huatai Insurance,


                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
      November                        Telephone
32                investigations                    Zhonggeng Fund, China Merchants Fund,
      2, 2023                         interview
                  and surveys                       Changsheng Fund, China Life Pension, Greenwoods



                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                                    Asset, Ren Bridge Asset (13 person-times)

                  Institutional
      November                        Telephone
33                investigations                    Harvest Fund (3 person-times)
      3, 2023                         interview
                  and surveys
                                                                                                          Business
                  Institutional
      November                        Telephone                                                           highlights,
34                investigations                    Zhong Ou AMC (1 person-time)
      6, 2023                         interview                                                           operations
                  and surveys
                                                                                                          and financial




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                                                                                          performance,
      November    Strategy forum of   Onsite        Citibank, Schroders, ADIA, AllianceBernstein,
35                                                                                                        and long-
      7, 2023     Citibank            interview     Brimstone, etc. (10 person-times)
                                                                                                          term strategic
                                                                                                          planning of the
                  Institutional
      November                        Onsite                                                              Company
36                investigations                    Dongxing Securities (2 person-times)
      9, 2023                         interview
                  and surveys

                  Institutional
      November                        Onsite
37                investigations                    Industrial Securities, Temasek (2 person-times)
      10, 2023                        interview
                  and surveys

                  Institutional
      November                        Onsite        Guotai Junan, Zking Insurance, AEGON-INDUSTRIAL
38                investigations




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
      14, 2023                        interview     Fund (4 person-times)
                  and surveys

                  Institutional
      November
39                investigations      Teleconference CEPHEI Capital (2 person-times)




                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
      15, 2023
                  and surveys

                  Strategy forum                    Shenwan Hongyuan, Hongyuan Futures,
      November                        Onsite
40                of Shenwan                        Wealspring Asset, GYXD Capital, Heng An Standard
      17, 2023                        interview
                  Hongyuan                          Life Insurance (5 person-times)

                  Institutional
      November                        Onsite
41                investigations                    Ovata Capital (1 person-time)
      20, 2023                        interview
                  and surveys

                  Institutional
      November                        Onsite
42                investigations                    Point72 (1 person-time)
      20, 2023                        interview
                  and surveys




                                                                                                                            191
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                  Major topics
                                                                                                                  discussed and
                Date of                         Way of                                                            information
          No.   reception   Meeting name        reception     Guests                                              provided

                            Institutional                     CPPIB, BOCI-Prudential, Allianz Global Investors,
                November                        Onsite
          43                investigations                    J.P. Morgan Asset Management, China Asset
                20, 2023                        interview
                            and surveys                       Management (5 person-times)

                            Institutional                     CIC International, Goldman Sachs Asset
                November                        Onsite
          44                investigations                    Management, AllianceBernstein, Morgan Stanley (4
                21, 2023                        interview
                            and surveys                       person-times)

                                                              CITIC Securities, PICC Asset Management, DH
                                                              Fund Management, Taikang Funds, GF Securities,      Business
                                                              GF Fund, GH Shining Asset Management,               highlights,
                November    Strategy forum of   Onsite
          45                                                  CIC International, Infore Capital, Zhida Asset      operations
                22, 2023    CITIC Securities    interview
                                                              Management, Zhongtai Securities, Dehui              and financial
                                                              Investment ( 德匯投資 ), Gansu Financial Holding (16    performance,
                                                              person-times)                                       and long-
                                                                                                                  term strategic
                            Institutional                                                                         planning of the
                November
          46                investigations      Teleconference DBS Bank (1 person-time)                           Company
                30, 2023
                            and surveys

                            Institutional
                December
          47                investigations      Teleconference J.P. Morgan (2 person-times)
                13, 2023
                            and surveys

                            Institutional
                December
          48                investigations      Teleconference CLSA (2 person-times)
                21, 2023
                            and surveys




          (VI) Corporate Cultural Construction

          The Company strives to become a first-class investment bank with both domestic advantages and
          global influence, always adheres to the core values of “high efficiency, integrity, stability and innovation”,
          is committed to the service philosophy of “One Client” internally and “One Huatai” externally, spares no
          effort in being accountable to all clients, shareholders, staff and society to achieve harmony and unity. The
          Company continuously strengthened the cultural characteristics of “technology empowerment, innovation
          and initiative”, gradually cultivating an “open and inclusive” cultural atmosphere that is “positive and
          innovative”.

          The Reporting Period marked a critical year for the Company to break new ground in cultural construction.
          In addition to continuously practicing the core cultural values of industry of “compliance, integrity,
          professionalism and stability” and following the Ten Elements of Cultural Construction of the Securities
          Industry (《證券行業文化建設十要素》), the Company has formulated a special work plan by taking into account
          the establishment of the concept of honor and disgrace in the securities industry as well as the relevant
          requirements of the industry’s future work arrangement for cultural construction, which specifies the
          overall strategic goals and major measures of cultural construction in the future, and fully integrates into
          the Company’s operation and development. At the same time, the Company actively promoted a new
          round of cultural construction by building a distinctive cultural brand system. The Company reviewed the
          cultural value system and the effectiveness of key work, carried out regular quality assessment of cultural
          construction, continuously optimized the working mechanism of cultural construction to make it more
          systematic and effective.

          The Company focuses on strengthening cultural transmission and cultural practice with innovative
          thinking and forms, actively creating a distinctive cultural brand. During the Reporting Period, the Company
          established and optimized its cultural matrix and worked to promote industry and company cultural values
          and company cultural brand towards all staff through both online and offline channels to continuously




192
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
strengthen staff’s professional conduct and enhance cultural identity within and outside the Company.
The Company furthered to shape its cultural brand by stages and priorities through organizing a series of
cultural salon activities, including speech contests for young employees and risk culture month activity, so
that the Company’s cultural values and concepts could be more widely embraced.

The Company always attaches importance to the feedback from internal and external. It carries out
“Employee Reception Day” activities online and offline every month, and put in place a special post named
“Freely Talk Inner Voices, Offer Help with Same Empathy” ( 暢談心聲共情同力 ) in the special column of “Colleague
Bar ( 同事吧 )”, an instant messaging APP online, to optimize regular interactive communication mechanism
between the Company’s leaders and employees. Meanwhile, a sound and effective feedback supervision


                                                                                                                             About Us
system has been established to strengthen the communication and feedback for relevant issues.

The Company pays attention to the establishment and optimization of financial and non-financial reward
measures for cultural construction, with organizations, systems, personnel, funds and platform put in place
to foster a virtuous working mechanism led by the headquarter, cooperated by the Group and participated
by all staff. During the Reporting Period, the Company carried out various commending activities to
stimulate talents to be innovative and vigorous, improve their value and empower their growth; at the same
time, the Company also adopted effective measures to encourage its staff to participate in the trainings
in relation to culture and professional ethics, so as to help its staff develop the awareness of conscious



                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
protection of state’s financial safety and enhancement on social responsibility.

In the new journey of serving high-quality development, the Company has continuously demonstrated its


                                                                                                                           and Strategies
new role, new performance and new image, and constantly enhanced its cultural influence and industry
reputation. During the Reporting Period, the Company was awarded the “Best Securities Company for
Cultural Construction of the Year ( 年度最佳文化建設證券公司 )” in the “2023 Gold Medal List of Chinese Financial
Institutions – Golden Dragon Award” by Financial Times, and the practice case of the Company’s culture
construction and cultivation among youth staff was listed under the “2022 Annual Report of Cultural
Construction in the Securities Industry”.

(VII) Independence of the Auditor




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
According to the relevant provisions in Rule 19A.31 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, annual accounts should
be audited by a prestigious certified public accountant (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company),
who (whether it is an individual, a firm or a company) also should be independent of the Chinese issuer
to the extent that its independent procedures should be substantially the same as those specified in the
statements on independence issued in the Companies Ordinance or by the International Federation of
Accountants. According to the relevant provisions in Rule D.3.3 of the Corporate Governance Code as set
out in Appendix C1 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Audit Committee should review and monitor the
independence and objectiveness of external auditors as well as the validity of the auditing process in
accordance with applicable standards. During the Reporting Period, the Company re-appointed Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the auditors of A Shares and Deloitte Touche



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
Tohmatsu as the auditors of H Shares. The Audit Committee had carried out necessary review and
supervision to ensure the independence between the firms and the Company.




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
(VIII) Auditor’s remuneration

For auditor’s audit service fee during the Reporting Period, please refer to “Auditors” under “Other Disclosures”
in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

During the Reporting Period, the Company and its subsidiaries employed Deloitte (including other members
within the Deloitte network) to provide non-auditing services, such as agreed procedures and advisory
service, and the fees for such non-auditing services were RMB16.64 million, in which, the fees for non-auditing
services provided by Deloitte as the statutory auditor as a component of the Group were RMB0.74 million.




                                                                                                                    193
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Environmental
          and Social
          Responsibilities




          I. ENVIRONMENTAL INFORMATION
                                                                                                           Currency: RMB


          Establishment of environmental protection-related mechanisms                                             Yes

          Investment in environmental protection funds during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                 521.18
          (unit: Ten Thousand Yuan)



          (I) The Company is not in the list of attention units discharging pollutants published
          by the environmental protection authority

          (II) Description of the environmental protection of enterprises excluding attention
          units discharging pollutants

          1. During the Reporting Period, the Company was not subject to any administrative penalty
          arising from environmental issues

          2. Other environmental information with reference to disclosures of attention units discharging
          pollutants

          The Company is a financial company, which is not in the list of attention units discharging pollutants
          and their major subsidiaries published by the environmental protection authority. The Company entrusts
          qualified third-party organizations to conduct inspections for the wastewater, exhaust gases and noises of
          the headquarters office every year. All inspections are in line with the national standards.

          (III) Relevant information beneficial to protecting ecosystem, preventing pollution
          and performing environmental responsibilities

          1. The Company actively responds to the Nanjing Municipal Domestic Waste Management Regulations and
          sets waste sorting points on each floor. It publicizes the concepts and practice on waste sorting among
          staff through pasting posters on waste sorting in striking parts of public places and playing videos on waste
          sorting repeatedly in elevators to create an atmosphere of “waste sorting with all participation” and form
          a habit of actively sorting and consciously putting waste. Office wastes of the Company are collected and




194
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
transported by the property management company. Hazardous wastes such as electronic wastes, light
pipes, toner cartridges and ink cartridges are recovered by qualified entities for further disposal or recycling.

2. As specified in the vehicle management system by the Company, new energy vehicles shall be given
priority when purchasing vehicles for corporate affairs and operation of the Company to practice low-
carbon and environmental operation. The underground garage of Huatai Securities Square is equipped
with charging piles for new energy vehicles to encourage employees to practice green commuting and
advocate green and environmental concepts.

3. For the decoration and renovation of business and office buildings of the Company, it takes measures
such as setting the shortest decoration intervals (decoration and renovation are not allowed for those not

                                                                                                                             About Us
exceeding the shortest decoration intervals except under special circumstances) and improving the quality
of decoration and renovation projects to extend the life of decoration for business buildings, reduce the
frequency of decoration and minimize pollution from decoration and renovation. The Company adopts
new construction materials in decoration and renovation to achieve the integration of environmental
protection and buildings. For curtain walls, interior furnishings and landscapes, it follows green, innovative
and environmental concepts and focuses on the popularization of LED lighting with low energy consumption
in office areas to save lighting power in daily office to the maximum extent. It significantly reduces the
use of paint and other decoration materials and adopts environmental and paint-free materials instead.



                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Panel furniture is widely adopted for office and it generally eliminates the use of paint furniture. Greater
efforts are made in aerial detection and governance after decoration to improve the air quality in the office
environment so as to create a safe and comfortable office environment for employees.

(IV) Measures adopted for reducing its carbon emission during the Reporting Period                                         and Strategies
and their effects


Adoption of carbon reduction measures                                                                        Yes

Reduction of carbon dioxide equivalent emissions (unit: tons)                                              68.88




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Type of carbon reduction measures (e.g. use of clean energy for power
                                                                                Use of clean energy for power
generation, use of carbon reduction technologies in the production
                                                                             generation and carbon reduction
process, R&D and production of new products that help reduce carbon
                                                                                 technologies in data centers
emissions, etc.)



Detailed description


Principal methods             Specific measures




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                              • In the operation of the office park, the Company took various measures such
                              as the sunlight induced lighting device system, the ice storage air-conditioning
                              system, the underfloor air distribution system and the intelligent lighting control




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Adoption of clean energy      in office areas to implement the concept of energy conservation and emission
                              reduction.

                              • The headquarters park of the Company is equipped with a solar photovoltaic
                              power generation system, which saved 87,927KW of electricity in 2023.




                                                                                                                    195
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Principal methods         Specific measures

                                    • The Company continuously promoted energy conservation and consumption
                                    reduction, and completed optimization and reconstruction of the energy
                                    management system, realizing regular analysis on energy consumption
                                    situation, and further strengthening the control on the energy consumption.

                                    • The air-conditioning system adopts ice storage technology, underfloor air
                                    distribution system and other technologies, giving full play to the energy-
                                    saving benefits of low-temperature air supply.

                                    • The Company adopted sunlight induced lighting device system, the intelligent
                                    lighting control and low-energy LED lighting in office areas to save electricity
                                    for office lighting.

          Promotion of energy       • The Company applied video conferencing system to reduce the number
          conservation and emission of on-site meetings and therefore reduce carbon emissions due to business
          reduction                 travel.

                                    • In practicing the concept of garden-like office, the Company expanded
                                    the plantation area of green plants and followed green, innovative and
                                    environmental concepts, and adopted new construction materials.

                                    • In the operation of the office park, the Company applied underfloor air
                                    distribution system to facilitate the implementation of the concept of energy
                                    conservation and emission reduction.

                                    • The Company adopted new construction materials in decoration and
                                    renovation to achieve the integration of environmental protection and
                                    building. For curtain walls, interior furnishings and landscapes, it followed green,
                                    innovative and environmental concepts.

                                    • The Company formulated relevant documents for the Administrative Rules on
                                    Vehicles, which clearly stipulate that new energy vehicles shall be given priority
          Advocating green travel   when purchasing vehicles for corporate affairs and operation of the Company.

                                    • The Company encouraged employees to use public transportation for daily
                                    travel and business trip.

                                    • The Company has fully realized an online and standardized whole process
                                    from procurement to centralized settlement and payment for procurement of
                                    office consumables and publicity materials, greatly reducing the use of paper
                                    materials.

                                    • The Company further strengthened visitor management and realized brand-
                                    new paperless and intelligent visitor management. Through system check-
          Promotion of paperless    in in place of paper check-in, system authentication in place of manual
          office                    authentication, and self-service scan code access in place of manual gate
                                    opening, the Company has saved significant labor costs and environmental
                                    protection costs.

                                    • The Company provides various businesses convenient and efficient online
                                    signing services by establishing unified electronic signing services. In 2023, a
                                    total of over 5 million pieces of paper were saved for the Company through
                                    online signing services on electronic seal management platforms.




196
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Principal methods            Specific measures

                           • The Company built a low-carbon data center through measures such
                           as improving the heat dissipation efficiency of equipment and renovating
Building a low-carbon data air-conditioning rooms for light and heat insulation. The run time of air
center                     conditioning compressors in corresponding areas is therefore shortened. One
                           air conditioner can save about 30KW of electricity per day, and save about
                           10,950KWh of electricity throughout the year.

                             • Huatai Securities Plaza received the LEED-NC Gold Certification issued by the
Developing green

                                                                                                                             About Us
                             United States Green Building Council (USGBC), demonstrating the recognition
architecture
                             for its resource and energy use efficiency.

                             • The Company has established relatively complete emergency management
Strengthening emergency      measures, implemented a 24-hour duty and accident information reporting
management                   system for security personnel, and prepared emergency equipment to
                             effectively reduce the impact of extreme weather on company operations.




                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
II. SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITIES

                                                                                                                           and Strategies
The Company is a financial company in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London. While disclosing its 2023 Annual
Report, the Company will also disclose the 2023 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Huatai Securities
Co., Ltd., which will be published on the website of SSE (www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of HKEX (www.
hkexnews.hk), the website of LSE (www.londonstockexchange.com) and the website of the Company (www.
htsc.com.cn) on March 29, 2024.




                                                                                   AA
                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
     In 2023, in the ESG rating of Morgan Stanley
     Capital International (MSCI), the MSCI ESG
     rating of the Company jumped from A to
                                                                 the MSCI ESG rating of the Company
     AA, becoming the first AA brokerage in the
                                                                 jumped from A to AA
     domestic securities industry.




                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                                                                                                    Currency: RMB


External donations, public welfare projects              Number/Content        Description




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
                                                                               Total investment in public
Total investment (Ten Thousand Yuan)                                2,927.18   welfare and charity projects of
                                                                               the Company

                                                                               Total investment in public
   Of which: Funds (Ten Thousand Yuan)                              2,927.18   welfare and charity projects of
                                                                               the Company

             Material discount (Ten Thousand Yuan)                        –    -

                                                                               Please refer to the description
Number of persons benefited (people)                                      –
                                                                               below this table




                                                                                                                    197
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Description: Through Huatai Foundation, the Company closely followed national strategies and carried out
          in-depth cooperation with various partners to launch the “One Yangtze River” program, further exploring
          in protection of biodiversity and green transformation, with 7,000 persons benefited; the Company carried
          out three-year cooperation with Peking University, Fudan University and Shanghai Jiao Tong University,
          to incentivize outstanding students with extraordinary overall quality and high ranking in technology-
          related majors of schools of fundamental science, so as to support the national strategy with innovation
          as the driving force and facilitate the growth of young technology talents, with 280 persons benefited; the
          Company took public science as the starting point to improve public scientific quality, and the influence of
          the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai” public welfare brand continued to increase.



          (I) Continuously Strengthening ESG Governance

          1. Deepening ESG Concepts

          The Company always regards fulfilling social responsibilities and practicing environmental, social and
          corporate governance (ESG) concepts as an important part of its sustainable development strategy. The
          Company has always been adhering to its core values of “efficiency, honesty, prudency, and innovation”
          and its responsibility philosophy of “trust of customers, satisfaction of shareholders, pride of employees,
          respect of society”, integrating ESG standards into the routine businesses of the Company, striving to create
          value for customers, shareholders, employees, society and other stakeholders.




          The Company always places
          its customers at the center and
          strives to create value for its                       Trust of
          customers, so as to win their                        Customers
                                                                                             The Company values people that
          trust with high-quality financial
                                                                                             are both talented and morally
          services.
                                                                                             respectable, for whom it has
                                                                                             built a solid career development
                                                                                             platform and fostered an
                                                             Responsibility                  optimistic corporate culture, so

                                           Satisfaction of     Principles      Pride of      as to achieve common growth
                                                                                             with its employees.
                                           Shareholders        of Huatai      Employees
                                                               Securities




          The Company standardizes its                         Respect of
          corporate governance structure                        Society
          and attaches great importance                                                      The Company values the
          to risk management and                                                             harmonious development
          compliant operation, aiming to                                                     of the financial system and
          achieve a stable increase in asset                                                 the society, gives full play to
          value and ensure sustainable                                                       its professional strengths to
          returns to its shareholders.                                                       facilitate social advances. It
                                                                                             also actively partic ipates in
                                                                                             social welfare promotion and
                                                                                             green development, fulfilling its
                                                                                             responsibilities as a corporate
                                                                                             citizen.




198
                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
2. ESG Governance Structure

Deeply integrating ESG governance with corporate development strategies, the Company set up the
ESG Committee under the direct leadership and management of the Board of Directors and the senior
management of the Company to continuously improve its ESG management structure, established an
ESG management mechanism with the linkage between upper and lower levels, providing a guarantee
for continuously improving the systematicness and effectiveness of its ESG management. The Company
established an ESG management team under the ESG Committee and arranged liaison officers in relevant
departments of the headquarters and in subsidiaries to be responsible for the actual implementation of
ESG-related works.

                                                                                                                            About Us
Social Responsibility Management Structure
of Huatai Securities

Supervision level                                                 Board of
· Fully supervise ESG-related affairs                             Directors



                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                               Senior
Management level                                             management
· Formulate ESG strategies for the Company

                                                                                                                          and Strategies
· Evaluate the importance of ESG-
related affairs which will be taken into                    ESG Committee
                                                 (with the CEO serving as the chairman and the
consideration in business operations            Secretary to the Board as the deputy-chairman)
·Supervise the implementation and
progress of ESG strategies
                                         Permanent members                      Professional
· Identify ESG-related                   (persons-in-charge of relevant
                                                                                  members
opportunities and risks                   departments and subsidiaries)




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
                                                       ESG Management Team
Execution level                      Fixed Income Department
                                     Research Institute                       Persons-in-charge of other
· Actual implementation              Human Resources Department               relevant departments and
                                     Risk Management Department               subsidiaries and backbone
of ESG relevant work                 Strategy and Development Department      members with expertise
                                     Huatai United Securities                 knowledge and professional
                                     Huatai Asset Management                  capabilities in ESG
                                     Huatai International
                                     Huatai Purple Gold Investment




3. ESG Management Systems



                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
The Company’s ESG management system covers many aspects, such as employee rights and welfare,
code of conduct of suppliers, anti-corruption and integrity, environmental and social management, among




                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
others. In the Articles of Association, provisions on ESG related issues are specified, including balancing
the interests of all relevant parties, protecting the legitimate rights and interests of investors, paying taxes
according to law, and fulfilling social responsibilities. ESG management related systems are developed and
implemented to back up ESG work management from institutional level. In 2023, the Company organized
and held the meeting of the ESG Committee, which considered and released the Relevant Systems of Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd. on Whistle-blowing and Protection of Whistle-blowers (《华泰证券股份有限公司檢舉及檢舉者
保護相關制度》) and the Statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Data and Information Protection (《华泰
证券股份有限公司數據及信息保護聲明》).

(II) Practicing Modern Governance Concepts

As the first domestic securities company listed in Shanghai, Hong Kong and London, the Company, in strict




                                                                                                                   199
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          compliance with the requirements of relevant laws, regulations and normative documents applicable in
          domestic and overseas markets where the shares of the Company are listed, has established a structure
          of modern enterprise organization and an operation mechanism with the General Meeting, the Board of
          Directors, the Supervisory Committee and the senior management. The Rules of Procedures for General
          Meetings, the Rules of Procedures for the Board of Directors, the Rules of Procedures for the Supervisory
          Committee and the Terms of Reference of the CEO and the Executive Committee were developed and
          improved. It follows the principles of independent operation, effective checks and balances, mutual
          cooperation and coordinated operation of various governance bodies and continuously improves the
          operation mechanism of the Meetings and the management to improve its corporate governance
          efficiency, and is committed to maintaining and improving corporate image in the market.

          The Company acted in strict accordance with the Administrative Measures for the Disclosure of Information
          of Listed Companies issued by the CSRC and other legal norms and relevant requirements, and formulated
          the Management Measures for Information Disclosure and the System regarding Insider Registration and
          Management and Confidentiality and other rules and regulations. During the Reporting Period, the Office
          of the Board of Directors continuously improved the specific work system and management measures for
          information disclosure, and clarified and refined the management process and norms of the Company’s
          information disclosure. The stable operation of information disclosure channels was ensured through
          the establishment of a comprehensive and regular communication mechanism with relevant business
          departments, compliance risk control departments of the Company and law firms in various places.

          In line with changes in laws and regulations, the Company’s business practice and compliance
          management requirements, the Company continued to strengthen compliance management, strictly
          implemented the anti-money laundering responsibilities as a financial institution, and actively promoted
          the effective integration of anti-money laundering and business practice. During the Reporting Period, the
          Company formulated and revised various rules according to the requirements of laws and regulations and
          in light of the actual situation, continuously improved the systems of compliance management and anti-
          money laundering, thus ensuring management requirements to be more institutional and well-regulated.

          The suppliers of Company mainly include those related to IT hardware, IT software, products for project
          construction, comprehensive materials, products for Internet marketing and promotion, information
          products and relevant services. The Company strictly followed the Tendering and Bidding Law (《招標投標法》),
          the Government Procurement Law (《政府採購法》) and other laws and regulations. The Company continued
          to strengthen the supplier management and optimize supplier management system thus to create a sound
          supplier cooperation ecosystem. The Company independently developed a dynamic supplier evaluation
          system in 2023. Based on different types of suppliers, it could customize evaluation dimensions and also
          support evaluation functions for customized special scenarios, which added real-time evaluations taking
          project as a dimension and enhanced the timeliness and accuracy of supplier evaluation.

          The Company strictly complied with various requirements on financial marketing publicity and product
          advertisement stipulated by the Advertisement Law (《廣告法》), the Notice on Further Standardizing
          Financial Marketing Publicity (《關於進一步規範金融營銷宣傳行為的通知》), the Measures for Supervision and
          Administration of the Sales Organizations of Securities Investment Funds in Public Offering (《公開募集證券
          投資基金銷售機構監督管理辦法》) and the Interim Regulations on the Administration of Publicity and Referral
          Materials of Securities Investment Funds in Public Offering (《公開募集證券投資基金宣傳推介材料管理暫行規定》)
          and formulated and implemented the Administrative Measures for Marketing Publicity Activities (《規範營銷
          宣傳管理辦法》) and the Administrative Measures for Proxy Sale of Financial Products (《金融產品代銷管理辦
          法》). The Company carries out strict management on marketing and promotional materials and activities
          of marketing staff, provides customers with “Publicity and Information Disclosure” column on the official
          website of the Company and multiple channels for complete product information, including the ZhangLe
          Fortune Path ( 漲樂財富通 ). The Company specifies the preparation, review and use of publicity materials
          and code of conduct on marketing and publicity as well as special requirements on the marketing of
          financial products, continuously establishes and improves the internal control systems on the advertising
          and marketing management of financial products, and strives to make it convenient for customers to
          obtain true and complete product information.




200
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(III) Practicing Responsible Finance

The Company attached great importance to ESG risk management, continuously improved policies and
systems in relation to ESG due diligence, and incorporated the ESG due diligence management mechanism
for clients into financing, private equity investment and relevant business processes, so as to implement
normalized clients’ ESG due diligence. It enhanced concerns on climate-related risks, strengthened the
internal establishment of ESG risk management and improved the business management capability of ESG
risks of the Company by means of research, exchange, training and others.

The Company continuously advocated technology on ESG risks. The CAMS system is the Group’s unified
credit risk management tool and credit research platform built by Huatai Securities, which has taken ESG

                                                                                                                           About Us
factors into an integral part of enterprise risk profiling modules to continuously follow and monitor the level
of exposure to ESG risks and the response to ESG risks of listed companies and bond issuers. The CAMS ESG
function module is an important tool for the Company to apply financial technology to empower ESG risk
management and integrate the ESG concepts into the decision-making on investment of the business
departments of the Company.

The Company practiced the concept of responsible investment and deepened the integration of ESG
with business investment and financing. On the basis of the Responsible Investment Statement of Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2021), the Company gradually improved the work on the organizational

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
structure and management system, included ESG factors in investment process, such as preliminary
screening on investment targets, in-depth analysis of the investment and research team, approval and


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
decision-making of the investment decision-making committee. The Company clearly requires relevant
business units to internalize ESG factors into the full investment process of group-wide equity investment
business (including equity investment in listed companies and equity investment in emerging markets),
fixed-income investment business, private equity investment and equity investment in alternative
investment business. It continuously improves the investment decision-making mechanism that
incorporates ESG factors into consideration. It includes three important factors, namely environmental
responsibility, social responsibility and corporate governance, as restrictive indexes, into regular investment
decision-making, to fully implement the concepts of responsible investment and continuously improve its




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
ESG management level, including responsible investment.

(IV) Developing Green Finance Through Innovation

The Company vigorously develops green finance, supports the listing of new energy, energy-saving and
environmental protection enterprises. We continue to develop green finance products with differentiated
competitive advantages and meet customers’ demand for green finance products to jointly promote green
technology innovation and help the green transformation of economic development. In 2023, the Company
gave full play to its capabilities of FICC investment and trading and product innovation, continuously
enriched the product linked targets, and successively launched a variety of financial products linked to
green financial targets to serve the green and high-quality development of the real economy.



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
The Company continues to promote its green bond business to support the development of green industry
projects. In 2023, the Company underwrote a total of 51 green bonds with an underwriting scale of RMB27.54




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
billion and a total issuance amount of RMB229.35 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 47.9%. In
2023, the Company invested in 17 green bonds with a scale of RMB0.74 billion, representing a year-on-year
increase of 37%; and participated in 3 carbon neutrality bonds with a scale of RMB0.15 billion. The Company
actively participated in the important exchange activities in the field of “carbon peak and carbon neutrality”
and “sustainability” both at home and abroad. In 2023, the Company released multiple research reports
related to dual carbon, green and sustainable development, involving multiple industries such as computer,
communication and construction engineering.

(V) Actively Serving the Development of the Real Economy

The Company actively served the national strategies and upheld serving the real economy as the starting
point and landing point of its businesses. The diversified financial needs arising during the development of




                                                                                                                  201
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the real economy were effectively met with multiple layout in serving the construction of modern industry
          system, accelerating regional coordinated development, promoting higher-standard opening up, and
          facilitating industrial transformation and upgrading as well as industrial adjustments. In 2023, Huatai Asset
          Management issued a total of 3 asset securitization products serving manufacturing industry, with an
          issuance scale of RMB3.24 billion.

          Focusing on strategic emerging industries, the Company efficiently integrated the entire business chain
          of research, investment banking, investment and asset management. Relying on a highly coordinated
          business model, it continued to enhance its comprehensive financial services capabilities, while actively
          carrying out publicity and exchange activities on economic issues of serving the real economy, therefore
          facilitated the high-quality development of the real economy.

          (VI) Safeguarding Product Service Responsibility

          The Company is a forward-looking financial technology provider by deepening the application of
          digital technology in finance. Adhered to product innovation and quality service driven by scientific and
          technological empowerment, we actively pursued the sustainable development strategy of “finance +
          technology + green”. A work system of Huatai Securities boosting high-quality digital transformation was
          formed with a digital Rubik’s cube system framework, which incorporated 4 strategic targets of “client’s
          success, business innovation, operation optimization and employee empowering” in relation to digital
          transformation of the Company.

          The Company strictly complied with the Data Security Law (《數據安全法》), the Personal Information Protection
          Law (《個人信息保護法》) and other relevant laws and regulations, and attached great importance to information
          security work. Taking customer privacy protection as priority, we strengthened the construction of information
          security and customer privacy protection system. Our information security and privacy protection were
          bolstered through measures such as improving privacy protection and ensuring transaction security.
          In 2023, the Company received the Third-level (Comprehensive Governance Level) Certification of Data
          Security Governance Capability ( 數據安全治理能力三級 ( 全面治理級 ) 認證 ) from the China Academy of
          Information and Communications Technology (CAICT), which was among the first batch of companies
          in the financial industry and the first company in the securities industry being awarded the third-level
          certification, marking the highest-level certification in the currently available evaluation.

          The Company implemented the relevant requirements of the regulators on investor protection and investor
          education by focusing on the full integration of investor education and protection into the whole process of
          daily business and intensifying investor education to continuously enhance the awareness of investors on
          risk prevention. It actively pursued new models for investor education services and operations. With “ZhangLe
          Fortune Path” as the core service platform and combined with differentiated investor education bases
          and outlets, it constructed an online and offline investor education service matrix. By deepening extensive
          cooperation with social organizations, it constantly innovated forms and carriers for events to highlight their
          thematic features, and continuously improved the breadth and depth of investor education in a platform-
          based and ecological operation manner.

          (VII) Growing Together with Employees

          The Company strictly observed the Labour Law (《勞動法》), the Labour Contract Law (《勞動合同法》) and
          other laws and regulations to offer equal employment opportunities to employees. The Company firmly
          opposed discrimination in employment and ensured that the employment and career development
          of employees are not affected by any factors such as race, faith, gender, religion, nationality, ethnicity,
          age, marital status and social status. The Company focused on building a branded and ecological
          recruitment operation system. We made forward-looking planning of talent layout, continued to increase
          the introduction of talents in core and emerging fields to deepen the market influence of our brand as an
          employer and enhance our appeal to attract talents so as to sharpen our advantages amid competition for
          talents.

          The Company has always regarded the growth of employees as one of the core elements of the




202
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Company’s development, implemented the international talent introduction and cultivation strategy,
provided employees with a perfect talent cultivation mechanism, scientific career advancement channel,
sound welfare protection system and reasonable incentive measures, and enhanced employees’ sense of
identity and belonging to the Company. Focusing on three major training objectives, namely professional
improvement, field expansion and leadership development, the Company continued to optimize the talent
cultivation system based on the whole life cycle for talent growth, fully meeting employees’ development
demands in different stages of career.

(VIII) Earnestly Fulfilling Social Responsibilities


                                                                                                                           About Us
1. Assisting in ecological protection

In 2018, in response to the national strategy of “Great Protection of Yangtze River” and the policy advocacy
of deepening “East-west Collaboration”, Huatai Securities launched the campaign “One Commonweal
Heart of Huatai One Yangtze River” to promote the ecological environmental protection of the Yangtze
River Basin. Over the past 5 years, Huatai Securities has invested more than RMB20 million. The project
teams with young employees as the backbone continuously invested in various aspects in association with
colleges, universities and social organizations, such as biodiversity research and protection, rural ecological
revitalization, development supports for young talents, ecological civilization education and practice for


                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
teenagers and green transformation advocacy, and the social benefits were remarkable.

The “Independent Commitments by Non-State Actors” of Huatai Securities with the theme of “One Yangtze


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
River One World” was officially included in the database of the United Nations CBD “Action Agenda”. In 2023,
Huatai Securities kept its promise to promote the popularization of the protection of biodiversity, embodying
responsibilities of the securities industry in China.

2. Promoting educational equity

Since its establishment in 2016, the “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai One Tomorrow” rural education
program of the Company is aimed at boosting the all-round development for children in need and




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
promoting educational equity. It covers rural schools and children in need in Qinghai, Yunnan, Hubei, Anhui,
Jiangsu and other places, and is committed to improving the mental health and comprehensive quality of
left-behind children. It helps left-behind children grow up healthily through diversified public welfare models
such as quality education, family care, volunteer service, etc., and mobilizes multiple forces to help children
in need to continuously improve their living conditions. As of the end of 2023, such program had benefited
93,722 children and 11,065 teachers, and received RMB2.943 million donations from 122,334 persons through
Internet public welfare platforms, cumulatively subsidizing 913 children in need.

(IX) Actively Deal with Climate Change

The Company has always attached great importance to and actively dealt with the risks and challenges



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
brought by climate change. In order to disclose its measures to address climate change in a more specific
and detailed manner, the Company disclosed its identification, analysis and countermeasures of climate
risks and opportunities related to its operations based on the recommended framework of Task Force




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) in 2023 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Huatai
Securities Co., Ltd., including: climate-related risk management, strategy, risk management, metrics and
targets and potential financial impact analysis. For details of 2023 Corporate Social Responsibility Report of
Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., please refer to the website of the SSE (www.sse.com.cn), the HKEXnews website of
the HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk), the website of the LSE (www.londonstockexchange.com) and our Company
website (www.htsc.com.cn) on March 29, 2024.




                                                                                                                  203
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Summary of climate-related disclosures by TCFD

                      • The Board of Directors of the Company is responsible for comprehensively
                      supervising climate risk
                      Fully aware of the severity and urgency of addressing the impact of
                      climate change and strengthening the standardization and supervision
                      on climate risk management.
                      Assuming overall responsibility for the Company’s climate risk
                      management, regularly reviewing climate risk management strategies,
                      objectives, risks and opportunities, action plans and other major decisions
                      and paying particular attention to resolutions on climate change.


                      • The ESG Committee is the decision-making and deliberative body
                      for ESG work
                      Responsible for reviewing strategies, goals and other major decisions
                      related to environmental protection, climate change and other
                      sustainable development.
                      Conducting important tasks such as climate change strategy formulation,
                      determination of the importance of climate change issues, and P15-16, 35-
                      identification of risks and opportunities of climate.         40 of 2023
                     Responsible for the construction and management of climate- Corporate Social
          Governance related mechanism, and coordination of the formation and overall Responsibility
                      implementation of climate change strategies.                                  Report of Huatai
                                                                                                    Securities Co.,
                      • The ESG management team is accountable to the ESG Committee
                                                                                                    Ltd.
                      and responsible for the implementation and promotion of
                      environmental and climate change-related policies
                      The implementation of climate risk management strategy, statistics of
                      energy and resource consumption, and the accounting of greenhouse
                      gas emissions.

                      • All business departments and subsidiaries jointly promote the
                      implementation of climate change actions

                      • The Company exercises the voting right externally and states its
                      concerns about resolutions on climate change, including but not limited
                      to carbon neutrality goals, actions on carbon emission reduction and
                      response to climate-related substantial and transformation risks
                      Approving relevant resolutions in principle and incorporating relevant
                      regulatory policies on climate change, relevant systems of the Company
                      on climate change, the impacts of climate change risks on the operation
                      and finance of the Company as well as the measures of the Company on
                      identifying and responding to risks into consideration.

                      • Carrying out the identification, evaluation and analysis of climate-
                                                                                                    P35-40 of 2023
                      related risks and opportunities
                                                                                                    Corporate Social
                      • Determining the climate-related risks and opportunities which are Responsibility
          Strategy
                      material for the Company’s business and operations                            Report of Huatai
                                                                                                    Securities Co.,
                      • Gradually improving the top-level design for managing climate-
                                                                                                    Ltd.
                      related risks and opportunities




204
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                 • Based on its business and strategy, and combined with expert
           o p i n i o n s , t h e C o m p a n y e v a l u a t e s c l i m a t e - r e l a t e d r i s k s a n d P35-40 of 2023
           opportunities. Moreover, the Company constructs a climate-related Corporate Social
Risk                                                                                                             Responsibility
           risk and opportunity matrix based on the assessment results and
management                                                                                                       Report of Huatai
           identifies the materiality of the risks and opportunities based on their
                                                                                                                 Securities Co.,
           probability and degree of impact, while also improves the mechanism Ltd.
           for climate-related risks and opportunities on an on-going basis

                 • As a financial enterprise, the Company consumes energy and

                                                                                                                                             About Us
                 discharges carbon mainly for daily office work in the course of
                 operations, involving energy such as electricity, natural gas, petrol
                 used for company owned vehicles and diesel used for diesel
                 generators
                 Implementing various energy conservation and emission reduction P35-40, 43-48,
                 measures such as adopting renewable energy sources, promoting 83-85 of 2023
                 recycling, reducing paper consumption and advocating green and low- Corporate Social


                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Metrics and
                 carbon travel, so as to reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions. Responsibility
targets
                 • The Company conducts statistics and analysis of total carbon Report of Huatai


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                 emissions and energy consumption and intensity to assess the Securities Co.,
                 management on climate change issue and accordingly formulate Ltd.
                 improvement scheme to promote energy conservation and emission
                 reduction
                 With taking 2021 as the base year, the Company has set carbon emission
                 and energy management targets, and will track and report on the
                 progress of such targets on an annual basis.




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    205
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          III. DETAILS ON CONSOLIDATION AND EXPANSION OF THE RESULTS OF
          POVERTY ALLEVIATION, RURAL REVITALIZATION AND OTHER WORK
                                                                                                                Currency: RMB


                                                                 Number/
          Poverty alleviation and rural revitalization project   Content        Description

                                                                                 Total investment in poverty alleviation
          Total investment (Ten Thousand Yuan)                   1,529.48
                                                                                 and rural revitalization projects

                                                                                 Total investment in poverty alleviation
            Of which: Funds (Ten Thousand Yuan)                  1,529.48
                                                                                 and rural revitalization projects

                     Material discount (Ten Thousand Yuan)       –               -

                                                                                 Accumulative number of beneficiaries
                                                                                 under rural education programs such
          Number of persons benefited (people)                   105,000
                                                                                 as “One Commonweal Heart of Huatai
                                                                                 One Tomorrow”

                                                                                 Implementing programs such as
                                                                                 efficient facility-assisted farming,
                                                                                 intelligent rural house building and
                                                                                 environmental governance at Binding
                                                                                 Assistance Points to facilitate rural
                                                                 Industry        revitalization; continuously carrying out
                                                                 alleviation,    the “One Tomorrow” rural education
          Forms of poverty alleviation (such as industry
                                                                 education       program, launching voluntary services
          alleviation, employment alleviation, education
                                                                 alleviation,    and charity activities of visiting children
          alleviation, etc.)
                                                                 consumer        in difficulty to help the growth of the
                                                                 support         left-behind children; the labor union
                                                                                 of the Company further carried out
                                                                                 the consumption assistance program
                                                                                 to proactively procure consumption
                                                                                 assistance product catered for the
                                                                                 targeted support area.




206
                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The Company insisted on integrating its own development strategies with the concept of social
responsibility, and wholeheartedly served the national strategy of rural revitalization. It continued to deepen
the “One Company Helps One County” assistance in pair with Jinzhai County, Anhui Province, organized
elite forces to carry out research in Jinzhai, visited families with difficulties in Jinzhai, carried out the “One
Tomorrow” rural education program in Jinzhai Shuanghe Middle School, and promoted the work of pairing
assistance in an all-round way. It actively participated in the “Five-party Linkage” fixed-point assistance
in Jiangsu Province, and designated young backbone employees with good political quality and strong
working competence as the promotion members to serve as the “first secretary” stationed in the villages.
The Company, Huatai United Securities and Huatai Futures donated a total of RMB1.60 million to implement
efficient facility agriculture, smart village housing construction, environment improvement and other

                                                                                                                              About Us
projects in Feng County, Jiangsu Province. Huatai Foundation carried out the “One Tomorrow” program
of dream center in Feng County, launched the construction of the dream center of five schools in Feng
County, and provided a software and hardware integrated quality education public welfare service system
for the local area. The Company fully supported the “East-west Collaboration and Support”, continued to
implement the two-year action plan for supportive consumption and support for targeted assistance areas
from 2022 to 2023, and purchased supportive consumption products from targeted assistance areas in
Jiangsu Province with a cumulative amount of RMB8.15 million this year.

In six places of five provinces, including Suqian in Jiangsu Province, Jinzhai and Yuexi in Anhui Province,


                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
Enshi in Hubei Province, Lancang in Yunnan Province and Yushu in Qinghai Province, the Company carried
out the “One Tomorrow” rural education program in a deep-going way, conducted voluntary services and


                                                                                                                            and Strategies
public welfare activities for visiting children in need, and launched the sixth phase of the “Funding Program
for Children in Need” to provide children in need in the project schools living allowance to improve their
learning environment. At the same time, through funding schools with concentrated left-behind children,
the Company carried out targeted volunteer services for left-behind children and teachers according to
the characteristics and differentiated demands of the schools, and introduced psychology, pedagogy,
sociology, ecology and other expert resources to cultivate children’s diversified interests and hobbies, and
help left-behind children grow up.




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                             Financial Report and



                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                     207
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Major Events




          I. PERFORMANCE OF UNDERTAKINGS
          Undertakings of de facto controllers, Shareholders, related parties, purchasers
          of the Company, the Company and other undertaking-related parties made or
          remained effective during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                               Strictly
                                                                                                    Any                        performed
          Background                                                                                deadline for               in a timely
          of            Type of     Undertaking                                    Date of          performance Duration of    manner or
          undertaking   undertaking party       Content of undertaking             undertaking      or not       undertaking   not

                                                 Guoxin Group and its
                                                 subsidiaries or associated
                                                 companies shall not engage in
                                                 or conduct any business which
                                                 may compete with the primary
                                                 business of Huatai Securities
                                                 in any way (including but not
          Other                                  limited to self-operated, joint
          undertakings                           – ventured or associated) at
          made to      To solve                  any time in the future (except
                                     Guoxin
          minority     horizontal                for Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.). For June 27, 2014   No          Long term      Yes
                                     Group
          Shareholders competition               any opportunities to conduct,
          of the                                 engage in or invest in any
          Company                                business that may compete with
                                                 the business of Huatai Securities
                                                 available to Guoxin Group and
                                                 its subsidiaries or associated
                                                 companies, Guoxin Group will
                                                 give such opportunities to
                                                 Huatai Securities except for
                                                 Jintai Futures Co., Ltd.).




          II. THERE WAS NO NON-OPERATING MISAPPROPRIATION OF FUNDS
          OF THE COMPANY BY ANY CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND
          OTHER RELATED PARTIES DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD




208
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
III. THE COMPANY HAD NO GUARANTEES IN VIOLATION OF REGULATIONS
DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

IV. STANDARD UNQUALIFIED OPINION AUDIT REPORT WAS PREPARED
BY THE ACCOUNTING FIRM OF THE COMPANY

V. ANALYSIS AND EXPLANATION FROM THE COMPANY ON THE REASONS
AND IMPACT OF THE CHANGE OF ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND                                                                             About Us

ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES OR CORRECTION OF MAJOR ACCOUNTING
ERRORS

(I) Analysis and explanation from the Company on the reasons and impact of the
change of accounting policies and accounting estimates

                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
For the change of accounting policies and accounting estimates during the Reporting Period, please refer



                                                                                                                              and Strategies
to Note 2. Significant accounting policies to the consolidated financial statements in this report.


(II) The Company made no correction of major accounting errors


VI. APPOINTMENT AND REMOVAL OF ACCOUNTING FIRM

                                                                               Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan Currency: RMB




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                    Currently employed

                                                                                     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Name of the domestic accounting firm
                                                                               Certified Public Accountants LLP

Remuneration of the domestic accounting firm                                                                    321

Audit duration of the domestic accounting firm                                                             2 years

Name of certified public accountants of the domestic accounting firm                        Hu Xiaojun, Han Jian

Continued duration of auditing services by certified public accountants of
                                                                                                           2 years



                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
the domestic accounting firm

Name of the overseas accounting firm                                                 Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu




                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
Remuneration of the overseas accounting firm                                                                    138

Audit duration of the overseas accounting firm                                                             2 years


                                                        Name                           Remuneration

Accounting firm for the auditing of              Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu        Please refer to the description
internal controls                          Certified Public Accountants LLP                     below this table




                                                                                                                       209
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Description of appointment and removal of accounting firm

          During the Report Period, upon consideration and approval at the Company’s 2022 Annual General Meeting,
          the Company continued employing Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP as the
          audit service institute of the Company and its holding subsidiaries for the 2023 annual financial statements
          and internal control to issue A Share audit report, internal control audit report and GDR audit report; and
          employed Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu as the audit service institute for the Company’s H Shares to issue H
          Share audit report. The audit service fee was capped at RMB4.60 million (of which the internal control audit
          fee was RMB0.40 million).



          VII. THE COMPANY HAD NO RISKS OF SUSPENSION OF LISTING,
          TERMINATION OF LISTING, BANKRUPTCY AND RESTRUCTURING


          VIII. MATERIAL LITIGATION AND ARBITRATION

          During the Reporting Period, there were no material litigation and arbitration of the Company with amount
          involving more than RMB10 million and accounting for more than 10% of the absolute value of the audited
          net assets of the Company for the latest period, which are required to be disclosed by the Rules Governing
          the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange.


          (I) Litigation and arbitration disclosed in ad hoc announcements without
          subsequent development

          Summary and type of event                                              Query indexes

          Debt dispute between the Company and Sichuan Shengda Group Could be retrieved in the annual
          Co., Ltd. ( 四川聖達集團有限公司 )                                   report for the Year 2021 to 2022

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities, Stone Group ( 四通集 Could be retrieved in the annual
          團 ) and Stone Group Financial Company ( 四通集團財務公司 )                reports for the Year 2011 to 2022

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities and Beijing Huazi Could be retrieved in the annual
          Syndicated Group ( 北京華資銀團集團 )                                    reports for the Year 2011 to 2022

          Debt disputes between Huatai United Securities, China Huacheng
                                                                         Could be retrieved in the annual
          Group Financial Co., Ltd. ( 中國華誠集團財務有限責任公司 ) and Huacheng
                                                                         reports for the Year 2011 to 2022
          Investment Management Co., Ltd. ( 華誠投資管理有限公司 )

          Bond default contract dispute under collective asset management Could be retrieved in the annual
          program of Huatai Asset Management                              report for the Year 2021 to 2022

          Stock pledged repurchase contract dispute under No. 3 Targeted
                                                                          Could be retrieved in the annual
          Assets Management Plan on Capital Innovation of China Merchants
                                                                          report for the Year 2022
          of Huatai Asset Management

          A considerable overloss in futures account of Zhang Xiaodong, a Could be retrieved in the annual
          client of Huatai Futures                                        reports for the Year 2013 to 2022




210
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(II) Litigation and arbitration not disclosed in ad hoc announcements or with
subsequent development

The litigation or arbitration of the Company which was newly raised but has not been disclosed (with an
involved amount of over RMB100 million) or has been disclosed but had progress during the Reporting
Period:

1. Equity transfer dispute between the Company and Cheng Xi

In 2016, the Company acquired the shares of Zhangzhou Sanlida Environmental Technology Corporation
Limited ( 漳州三利達環保科技股份有限公司 ) (stock code: 833329, the “Lida Corporation”) for market-making.
In July 2018, Lida Corporation stated that it planned to delist from the National Equities Exchange and                              About Us
Quotations (NEEQ) with a view to overseas development, and its shareholder, Cheng Xi, agreed to be a
transferee of all the shares of Lida Corporation held by the Company subsequent to the delisting. Lida
Corporation and its shareholder, Cheng Xi, issued a “Letter of Undertaking” to the Company, in which they
undertook to be transferred the entire 1,407,000 shares of Lida Corporation held by the Company by way
of cash payment upon the delisting of Lida Corporation, with the total transfer amount being no less than
RMB63,315,000. Upon the delisting of the Lida Corporation, Cheng Xi did not pay for the transfer price. And in
that case, the Company filed a pleading with the Xiamen Intermediate People’s Court on November 14, 2022,


                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
requesting the defendant, Cheng Xi, to pay the equity transfer amount, liquidated damages and overdue
interests in a total amount of RMB108,363,622.50 (as of October 20, 2022). The court filed a case on November



                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
15, 2022. On June 5, 2023, the Xiamen Intermediate People’s Court made the first-instance judgment ruling
that Cheng Xi shall pay the Company the equity transfer amount, liquidated damages and preservation fee
of RMB63,315,000, RMB12,663,000 and RMB5,000, respectively. The Company has lodged an application to the
Xiamen Intermediate People’s Court for enforcement after the judgment becoming effective, and the court
accepted and filed a case for execution on October 7, 2023, which is currently in the process of execution
and there is no proceeds from the execution.

2. Dispute over pledged securities repurchase




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
Matters              Descriptions

                     Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Chu Jinfu, the
                     Company filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in July 2020, requesting
                     the court to order Chu Jinfu to pay the outstanding principal of RMB571.80 million and the
                     corresponding interest, liquidated damages and the fees on the realization of creditor’s rights,
                     order Tang Fujun to undertake joint settlement obligations and order that the Company is entitled
                     to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares,
                     equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Chu Jinfu and Henan
                     Senyuan Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Senyuan Group”) within the scope of relevant
Dispute over
                     payment obligations. On June 24, 2021, the Company received the first-instance judgment from
pledged securities
                     the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that Chu Jinfu, the defendant, shall repay the
repurchase between




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                     financing principal, the interest and liquidated damages to the Company and pay the lawyer’s fee.
the Company, Chu
                     The Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the money from the discounting, auction or sale
Jinfu, Tang Fujun
                     of relevant shares, equity interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by
and Henan Senyuan
                     Chu Jinfu and Senyuan Group within the scope of the above payment obligations. Tang Fujun shall
Group Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                     undertake joint responsibilities on the payment obligations of Chu Jinfu. On July 8, 2021, Senyuan
                     Group and Tang Fujun appealed to the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province. On December
                     23, 2021, the Company received the second-instance judgment from the High People’s Court of
                     Jiangsu Province, which rejected the appeal and upheld the original judgment. The Company
                     has lodged an application to the court for enforcement after the judgement becoming effective.
                     During the Reporting Period, the proceeds from the execution amounted to RMB323,225,614.19. On
                     March 6, 2023, the Nanjing Qixia District People’s Court determined to terminate the execution
                     procedure.




                                                                                                                            211
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Matters              Descriptions

                               Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Senyuan
                               Group, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’ s Court of Nanjing
                               in July 2020, requesting the court to order Senyuan Group to pay the outstanding
                               principal of RMB300 million and the corresponding liquidated damages and the fees
                               on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Chu Jinfu to undertake joint settlement
                               obligations and order that the Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the
                               money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares, equity interests and
                               the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Senyuan Group within the
                               scope of relevant payment obligations. On June 24, 2021, the Company received the
          Dispute over         first – instance judgment from the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that
          pledged securities   Senyuan Group, the defendant, shall repay the financing principal and liquidated
          repurchase between
                               damages to the Company and pay the lawyer’s fee. The Company is entitled to
          the Company, Henan
          Senyuan Group Co.,   the priority of claim for the proceeds from the disposal of relevant shares, equity
          Ltd. and Chu Jinfu   interests and the corresponding dividend pledged to the Company by Senyuan
                               Group within the scope of the above payment obligations. Chu Jinfu shall undertake
                               joint responsibilities on the above payment obligations of Senyuan Group. On July
                               8, 2021, Senyuan Group appealed to the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province. On
                               December 23, 2021, the Company received the second – instance judgment from
                               the High People’s Court of Jiangsu Province, which rejected the appeal and upheld
                               the original judgment. The Company has lodged an application to the court for
                               enforcement after the judgement becoming effective. During the Reporting Period, the
                               proceeds from the execution amounted to RMB107,410,774.17. On January 5, 2023, the
                               Nanjing Qixia District People’s Court determined to terminate the execution procedure.

                               Due to the breach of contract on stock pledged repurchase transaction by Han
                               Hua, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing in
                               August 2020, requesting the court to order Han Hua to pay the outstanding principal
                               of RMB161,905,600 and the corresponding interest, liquidated damages and the fees
                               on the realization of creditor’s rights, order Yang Lijun to undertake joint settlement
                               obligations and order that the Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the
          Dispute over         money from the discounting, auction or sale of relevant shares and the corresponding
          pledged securities   dividend pledged to the Company by Han Hua within the scope of relevant payment
          repurchase           obligations. On June 16, 2021, the Company received the first instance judgment from
          between the          the Intermediate People’s Court of Nanjing, ruling that Han Hua shall pay the amount
          Company, Han         on the stock repurchase transaction and liquidated damages to the Company.
          Hua and Yang         The Company is entitled to the priority of claim for the proceeds from the disposal
          Lijun                of relevant shares pledged by Han Hua. Yang Lijun shall undertake joint settlement
                               responsibilities on the debts of Han Hua. The Company has lodged an application
                               to the court for enforcement after the judgment becoming effective. In 2022, the
                               proceeds from the execution amounted to RMB24,007,579.91. During the Reporting
                               Period, the additional proceeds from the execution amounted to RMB46,357,909.33. On
                               March 31, 2023, the Nanjing Jianye District People’s Court determined to terminate the
                               execution procedure.



          3. Dispute over Magnate project between Huatai United Securities and Postal Savings Bank

          For the “Huatai Magnate Light Asset-backed Special Program” (the “Magnate ABS”), Shanghai Fortune HFT
          Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 上海富誠海富通資產管理有限公司 ) acted as the program manager and Huatai
          United Securities acted as the financial consultant. On September 21, 2020, Shanghai Financial Court issued
          the Notice of Respondence to Action and served it to Huatai United Securities on September 25, 2020. Since
          investment in “Magnate ABS” was not fully redeemed, Postal Savings Bank of China, the plaintiff, requested
          to order the five defendants to jointly compensate the plaintiff an investment loss of RMB527 million and




212
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
relevant interest and order the lawsuit fees shall be assumed by the five defendants, among which Huatai
United Securities was listed as the fifth defendant. On April 14, 2023, Shanghai Financial Court made the first
instance judgment ruling that Huatai United Securities shall jointly bear the compensation liability. Huatai
United Securities has applied for appeal, the first-instance judgment has not become effective, and no
second-instance judgment has been made yet.

4. Dispute between Huatai United Securities and investors of 16 Bright Oceans Bonds

Bright Oceans Group Co., Ltd. was approved to issue corporate bonds with a nominal value of no more than
RMB2.5 billion (the “16 Bright Oceans Bonds”) to qualified investors in 2015. Huatai United Securities served as
the joint lead underwriter.

In March 2022, Shanghai Qianfulai Asset Management Co., Ltd. ( 上海仟富來資產管理有限公司 ), the plaintiff,                                 About Us
filed a lawsuit against the issuer, namely Bright Oceans Group Co., Ltd., for the reason of false statements
on securities, requesting the issuer to repay the principal and the interest of the bond with a total amount
of approximately RMB5,098,100 and requesting the lead underwriter and the joint lead underwriter, the
accounting firm, the credit rating agency and the law firm to undertake joint compensation responsibilities.
Beijing Financial Court ruled to transfer the case to the Intermediate People’s Court of Harbin. The plaintiff
disagreed with the verdict and appealed. In August 2022, the Beijing High People’s Court ruled in the second



                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
instance judgment, which rejected the appeal and upheld the original judgment. On March 6, 2023, Harbin
Intermediate People’s Court issued the Civil Judgement (2023) Hei 01 Minchu No. 527. The case was treated
as withdrawal of file by Shanghai Qianfulai Asset Management Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                                             and Strategies
5. Bill dispute of Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1 Targeted Assets Management Plan of Huatai
Securities ( 華泰證券華福廈門銀行 1 號定向資產管理計劃 ) in relation to Huatai Asset Management

In October 2016 and March 2017, Xiamen Bank Co., Ltd., the client of Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1 Targeted Assets
Management Plan of Huatai Securities (hereinafter referred to as “Huafu Xiamen Bank No. 1 ( 華福廈門銀行 1
號 )”), filed a lawsuit of contract dispute at Fujian Higher People’s Court for the bill dispute of Huafu Xiamen
Bank No. 1, with Shenzhen Branch of Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd. as the defendant. The total amount of the




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
underlying bill was RMB950 million. Huatai Asset Management participated in the lawsuit as a third party.
On June 26, 2018, Fujian Higher People’s Court made the first-instance judgment in favor of Xiamen Bank’s
main litigation claim, and on December 12, 2020, the Supreme People’s Court made the second-instance
judgment to reject the appeal and upheld the original judgment. After the second-instance judgment
became effective, Shenzhen Branch of Bank of Ningbo fulfilled the judgment payment to Xiamen Bank.
In 2023, the applicant, Shenzhen Branch of Bank of Ningbo, filed an application for retrial on the grounds
that there were new evidence and facts in the case which were sufficient to overturn the second-instance
judgment, which was accepted by the Supreme People’s Court on July 11, 2023.

6. Contract dispute of Huatai Asset Management involving in Huatai Huize No. 1 Pooled Product




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
In June 2021, an investor under the Huatai Huize No. 1 Pooled Asset Management Plan filed a lawsuit against
Huatai Asset Management, the manager, in the Shanghai Financial Court on the ground of contract dispute
over entrusted financial management, and claimed liability for compensation, with a damage amount




                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
of RMB86.31 million. In November 2021, the plaintiff amended its claim and adjusted the damage amount
to RMB144.16 million. In September 2022, the first instance court ruled to reject all of the plaintiff’s claims. In
February 2023, Shanghai High People’s Court made the second-instance judgement to reject the appeal
request of such investor and upheld the original judgment. In July 2023, the plaintiff filed an application for
a retrial with the Shanghai High People’s Court. On December 20, 2023, the Shanghai High People’s Court
issued a ruling to reject the investor’s application for retrial.

7. Performance Dispute between Yili Fund, a fund managed by Huatai Purple Gold Investment,
and Der Group and its de facto controller, Ru Jiyong

Yili Su Xin Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) (“Yili Fund”), a fund managed by Huatai Purple
Gold Investment, filed an application for arbitration with the Nanjing Arbitration Commission in June 2020,




                                                                                                                      213
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          requesting Ru Jiyong, the de facto controller of Der Group Co. Ltd. ( 德爾集團有限公司 ) (“Der Group”) to fulfil
          his obligation to repurchase the equity interest in Henan Yiteng New Energy Technology Co., Ltd. (“Henan
          Yiteng”) held by Yili Fund pursuant to the agreement entered into between the parties in relation to the
          investment in Henan Yiteng. The Nanjing Arbitration Commission held hearings on August 19, 2022, February
          24, 2023 and October 7, 2023. In light of the bankruptcy and the cancellation of industry and commerce
          registration of Henan Yiteng, Yili Fund filed a new application for arbitration with the Nanjing Arbitration
          Commission on February 7, 2024. Because Ru Jiyong rejected to fulfil the repurchase obligation, Yili Fund
          requested him to further fulfil compensation obligation in light of the failure in repurchase after the
          deregistration of company, and requested Zhu Jizhong ( 朱繼中 ), the de facto controller of Henan Yiteng, to
          bear joint liability. The Nanjing Arbitration Commission accepted the arbitration application of Yili Fund on
          February 20, 2024.

          On November 11, 2022, Yili Fund filed a lawsuit against Der Group with the Nanjing Jianye District People’s
          Court, requesting Der Group to be liable for the losses incurred by Yili Fund resulting from the invalid
          guarantee of pledge of shares of Der Future (with damages of RMB275,966,101, of which, the loss of
          investment principal amounted to RMB142,372,881 and the loss of interest amounted to RMB133,593,220).
          On November 28, 2022, the Nanjing Jianye District People’s Court froze 54,919,622 shares of Der Future held
          by Der Group upon the application of Yili Fund. The case was then transferred to Ili Kazakh Autonomous
          Prefecture Branch of the High People’s Court of Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region (the “Ili Court”), and the
          Ili Court held a hearing on September 8, 2023 and issued a civil ruling on October 18, 2023, holding that the
          case had to be based on the outcome of the Nanjing Arbitration Case, and ordered a stay of the litigation
          accordingly.

          8. Performance dispute between Yili Fund, a fund managed by Huatai Purple Gold Investment,
          and Su Yashuai ( 蘇亞帥 )

          The project of J-Tech CNC Technology Co., Ltd. (“J-Tech CNC”) invested by Yili Fund, a fund managed by
          Huatai Purple Gold Investment, has triggered the repurchase and cash compensation obligations of Su
          Yashuai, the de facto controller of J-Tech CNC, due to the failure to fulfill the performance commitments
          and listing targets as stipulated in the investment agreement, which has resulted in a performance dispute.
          In October 2023, Yili Fund filed an application for litigation to the People’s Court of Jianye District, Nanjing,
          requesting, among others, Su Yashuai to pay the consideration for share repurchase of RMB127,623,943.2
          and liquidated damages of RMB6,926,404.32 (as of September 18, 2023) to Yili Fund. The People’s Court of
          Jianye District has accepted the case and commenced the trial on January 15, 2024, and has not yet issued
          a judgment.



          IX. SUSPECTED VIOLATIONS OF LAWS AND REGULATIONS BY,
          PUNISHMENT ON AND RECTIFICATION OF THE COMPANY AND ITS
          DIRECTORS, SUPERVISORS, SENIOR MANAGEMENT, CONTROLLING
          SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

          1. In February 2023, Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Decision on Ordering of Huatai
          Securities Co., Ltd. to Take Rectification Measures ([2023] No. 25) (《關於對华泰证券股份有限公司採取責令改正
          措 施 的 決 定 》([2023]25 號 )) to the Company and took an administrative supervision measure against the
          Company by ordering it to take rectifications on issues related to the irregularities in the establishment
          and implementation of the systems of the Company’s research institute. For relevant issues, the Company
          arranged works to check on the preparation and review process of the research report, sort out and
          improve the control measures, increase staff training on business, and strengthen the audit mechanism
          through technology empowerment to facilitate the implementation of rectifications.

          2. In February and March 2023, Huatai United Securities received the Decision on Taking Measures by Issuing
          of Warning Letter to Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd., Sun Shenghu and Dong Xuesong (《關於對華泰聯合證券




214
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
有限責任公司、孫聖虎、董雪松採取出具警示函措施的決定》) issued by Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau and
the Decision on Supervisory Warning to the Continuing Supervisory Institution and Sponsor Representative of
Jiangsu HOB Biotech Group Corp., Ltd. (《關於對江蘇浩歐博生物醫藥股份有限公司持續督導機構及保薦代表人予以監
管警示的決定》) issued by Shanghai Stock Exchange, respectively.

The aforesaid Warning Letter determined that Huatai United Securities had failed to fulfill its duties of
diligence in the performance of its continuous supervision over Jiangsu HOB Biotech Group Corp., Ltd. (the
“HOB”), including: failing to discover in a timely manner the non-compliance of HOB’s fund occupation;
failing to report to the CSRC in a timely manner after it became aware of the fund occupation issue; and
failing to reflect truly and accurately the non-compliance of HOB with the relevant descriptions in the


                                                                                                                             About Us
reports issued not matching the facts, and in accordance with Article 65 of the “Measures on the Securities
Issuance and Listing Sponsorship Business” (《證券發行上市保薦業務管理辦法》), Huatai United Securities and
relevant personnel were subject to supervision measures of issuing warning letters adopted by Jiangsu
Securities Regulatory Bureau. In accordance with the aforesaid warning letter, the Shanghai Stock Exchange
has taken self-disciplinary measures against Huatai United Securities and relevant personnel by issuing a
supervisory warning to them.

Huatai United Securities has pursued respective internal accountability in accordance with its corporate
system, and requested the responsible departments to conduct a comprehensive review and self-



                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
inspection on the continuous supervision and personnel arrangement on the sponsor business projects to
prevent the recurrence of similar incidents.



                                                                                                                           and Strategies
3. In June 2023, Henan Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the Administrative Supervision Measures on
Issuing Warning Letters to Henan Branch of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. ([2023] No. 33) (《關於對华泰证券股份有
限公司河南分公司採取出具警示函的行政監管措施》([2023]33 號 )), affirming that the brokerage business of Henan
Branch had the following issues: firstly, the registered practice area of the securities brokers did not coincide
with the practice area as agreed in the entrustment contract; secondly, the compliance of the practice
acts of the securities brokers was not included in the assessment scope; thirdly, some of the confirmations
of the brokerage relationship were missing and the traces of the practice of the securities brokers
were incomplete; and fourthly, the information on handling the business of individual clients was kept




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
incompletely, so it decided to adopt the administrative measures of issuing warning letters to the Branch.
The Company has urged Henan Branch to make timely rectification and submit a written rectification
report in accordance with the regulatory requirements, and in response to the issues reflected in the letter,
Henan Branch has taken relevant measures to further strengthen the management of brokers’ practice and
enhance the level of standardized operation.

4. In July 2023, Huatai United Securities received the Decision on Supervisory Warning to Huatai United
Securities Co., Ltd., Zhang Peng and Liu Xiaoning (《關於對華泰聯合證券有限責任公司及張鵬、劉曉寧予以監管警示
的決定》) issued by the SSE, which determined that Huatai United Securities had failed to verify and disclose
the truthfulness and fairness of the sales revenues and the relevant logistics and cash flow of Chipone
Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd. (“Chipone”) made to the largest dealer, omitted to record in the sponsorship



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
report of material matters identified through due diligence, failed to completely identify and restore the
costs and expenses externally advanced to Chipone and so on. In accordance with the Rules Governing the
Review of Offering and Listing of Stocks on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of Shanghai Stock




                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Exchange and relevant provisions, the SSE imposed self-disciplinary measures on Huatai United Securities
and the relevant personnel, including the issuance of a supervisory warning.

Huatai United Securities has pursued respective internal accountability in accordance with its corporate
system, and requested the responsible departments to conduct a comprehensive review and self-
inspection on their work mechanism to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents.

5. In August 2023, the Jiangsu Branch of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange issued an
Administrative Penalty Decision (Su Hui Jian Fa [2023] No. 5) to the Company, which determined that the
Company had violated the regulations on the management of foreign exchange accounts in the course
of transferring funds for the relevant business of the Company’s customers, and in respect of the aforesaid
issues, the Jiangsu Branch of the State Administration of Foreign Exchange issued an administrative penalty
on the Company in the form of ordering it to rectify the situation, giving it a warning and imposing it with a




                                                                                                                    215
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          fine of RMB50,000. In view of the issues pointed out by the penalty, the Company has optimized the relevant
          fund account management mechanism and improved the relevant business operation procedures.

          6. In December 2023, the Company received the Decision on Administrative Penalty (Su Yin Fa Jue Zi [2023]
          No. 3) issued by the Jiangsu Branch of the People’s Bank of China. Pursuant to Article 32 of the Anti-Money
          Laundering Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Jiangsu Branch of the People’s Bank of China imposed
          a fine of RMB870,000 in aggregate for the Company’s failure to fulfill its obligations in respect of customer
          identification, and failure to submit reports on large transactions or suspicious transactions in accordance
          with the requirements. The Company has paid the aforesaid fines within the prescribed time. In response
          to the issues pointed out in the Decision on Administrative Penalty, the Company made immediate
          review and corrections during the inspection period, formulated a special rectification plan as required
          by the Jiangsu Branch of the People’s Bank of China, conducted an in-depth analysis of the reasons and
          strictly implemented the rectification, promoted the governance of historical customer data reserve,
          further optimized the work of customer due diligence and suspicious transaction reporting, continuously
          enhanced the digital level of the anti-money laundering work, and strengthened the anti-money laundering
          supervision and inspection. The Company will continue to strengthen the internal control mechanism of
          anti-money laundering, improve internal control and compliance management, and made solid efforts in
          anti-money laundering.

          Save for the foregoing, none of the Company and its Directors, Supervisors, senior management,
          shareholders holding over 5% of equity interest or de facto controllers were investigated by competent
          authorities, imposed with coercive measures by a judiciary authority or disciplinary department, transferred
          to a judicial authority or held criminally liable, banned from accessing to the market, identified as unsuitable
          persons, punished by other administrative departments or publicly condemned by a stock exchange.



          X. INTEGRITY OF THE COMPANY AND ITS CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
          AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
          During the Reporting Period, the Company and its de facto controllers maintained good faith with no cases
          such as non-performance of effective court judgment or overdue of relatively large liability.



          XI. MAJOR RELATED-PARTY TRANSACTIONS
          Details on the related-party transactions under the relevant accounting standards can be found in Note
          59 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. The Company confirmed that the related-party
          transactions were not qualified as the “connected transactions” or the “continuing connected transactions”
          as defined in Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules (as the case may be), and were in compliance with
          the disclosure requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.



          XII. MATERIAL CONTRACTS AND PERFORMANCE THEREOF

          (I) During the Reporting Period, the Company was not engaged in any material
          custody, contracting or leasing




216
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(II) Guarantees
                                                                                                                 Unit: 100 Million Yuan Currency: RMB

                               External guarantees of the Company (excluding the guarantees for subsidiaries)

Total amount of guarantees during the Reporting Period (excluding the guarantees for
                                                                                                                                                   –
subsidiaries)

Total balance of guarantees at the end of the Reporting Period (A)(excluding the guarantees for
                                                                                                                                                   –
subsidiaries)

                                      Guarantees of the Company and its subsidiaries for its subsidiaries

Total amount of guarantees for subsidiaries during the Reporting Period                                                                       100.89



                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
Total balance of guarantees for subsidiaries at the end of the Reporting Period (B)                                                          470.66

                             Total guarantee amount of the Company (including the guarantees for subsidiaries)

Total guarantee amount (A+B)                                                                                                                 470.66

Percentage of the total guarantee amount to net assets of the Company (%)                                                                      25.83

Among which:

Amount of guarantees provided for shareholders, de facto controllers and their related parties (C)                                                 –

Amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an
                                                                                                                                              421.66
asset-liability ratio of more than 70% (D)



                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Excess amount of the total guarantee over 50% of the net assets (E)                                                                               –
Total amount of the three guarantees mentioned above (C+D+E)                                                                                  421.66



                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
                                                                                                        Bearing the principal, interest and other
Undue guarantees with joint and several liabilities
                                                                                                                         expenses of the bonds

               1. Guarantees Provided by the Company
               (1) In 2017, as approved and passed at the fifth meeting of the fourth session of the Board and the 2016 Annual General Meeting
               of the Company, the Company provided a net capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB1.9 billion to Huatai Asset
               Management. The net capital guarantee of RMB1.9 billion has not been utilized during the Reporting Period.
               (2) In 2018, as approved and passed at the sixteenth meeting of the fourth session of the Board, the Company provided a net
               capital guarantee with the maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United Securities. The net capital guarantee will be
               available from July 1, 2019. In 2022, Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau approved the Company to adjust the amount of the




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
               commitment on the provision of net capital guarantee to Huatai United Securities in 2019 from RMB2.0 billion to RMB1.0 billion
               from June 21, 2022. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company provided a net capital guarantee with a total amount of
               RMB1.0 billion to Huatai United Securities.
               (3) In 2020, as considered and approved at the seventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company provided a
               liquidity guarantee with a maximum amount of RMB2.0 billion to Huatai United Securities, which had not been utilized during the
               Reporting Period.
               (4) In 2020, as considered and approved at the second meeting of the fifth session of the Board, the Company (as the
               guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee) for the provision of an
               unconditional and irrevocable guarantee of USD400 million for the bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of
               Huatai International. The bonds were due for repayment upon maturity in February 2023 with all principals and interests, and the
               guarantee was naturally expired.
               (5) In 2021, as considered and approved at the eleventh meeting of the fifth session of the Board and the 2021 First Extraordinary
Explanations
               General Meeting of the Company, the persons authorized by the general mandate to issue onshore and offshore debt
on
               financing instruments of the Company may sign relevant agreements, and the Company (as the guarantor) has entered
guarantees
               into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable
               guarantee for USD1,300 million bonds and additional USD100 million bonds issued by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
               Huatai International.
               (6) In 2022, the Company (as the guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Citicorp International Limited (as the
               trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for USD1,000 million bonds and RMB5,000 million bonds issued
               by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International.




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
               (7) In 2023, the Company (as the guarantor) entered into a guarantee agreement with Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
               Corporation Limited (as the trustee), to provide an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for USD1,600 million bonds issued
               by Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International.
               2. Guarantees Provided by the Subsidiaries
               During the Reporting Period, Huatai International and its subsidiaries had provided guarantees for the benefits of their
               subsidiaries in connection with their business operations, which are mainly guarantees for corporate bonds, guarantees for
               medium-term notes, and guarantees for transactions with counterparties involving the signing of international swaps and
               derivatives association agreements. The aggregate guaranteed amount was approximately RMB8.835 billion as of the end of
               the Reporting Period.
               3. The aforesaid amount of debt guarantees provided directly or indirectly for the guaranteed objects with an asset-liability
               ratio of more than 70% was RMB42.166 billion, including: 1) guarantee provided by the Company to Pioneer Reward Limited, a
               subsidiary of Huatai International, for the issuance of USD4.0 billion bonds and RMB5.0 billion bonds; 2) the guarantee provided
               by Huatai International and its subsidiaries to meet the needs of the business operation of their subsidiaries.




                                                                                                                                                        217
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (III) Other material contracts

          1. According to the Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on the Shanghai Stock Exchange and the Standards
          for the Contents and Formats of Information Disclosure by Companies Offering Securities to the Public No. 2
          – Contents and Formats of Annual Report《( 公開發行證券的公司信息披露內容與格式準則第 2 號－年度報告的內容
          與格式》), the Group did not enter into material contracts during the Reporting Period.

          2. The progress of relevant significant contracts disclosed during the Reporting Period is as follows:

          During the Reporting Period, the Construction Contract for the Work of Section II of the Interior Decoration
          and Renovation of the Plaza of Huatai Securities (《 華 泰 證 券 廣 場 室 內 裝 飾 裝 修 二 標 段 工 程 施 工 合 同 》) was
          performed normally, and the Company had paid the contract price of RMB739,100 in accordance with the
          contract during the Reporting Period. The Company had made contract payments of RMB140,388,900 in
          accumulation (excluding the financial review deduction amount of RMB671,500 committed to be deducted
          and the tax rate adjustment expenses), and the contract had been completely performed.



          XIII. EXPLANATION ON PROGRESS IN USE OF FUNDS RAISED
          (I) Overall utilisation of funds raised
                                                                                                              Unit : Hundred Million Yuan Currency:RMB

                                                                                                                                  Total
                                                                                                                         accumulated
                                                                                                               Total       investment       Progress of
                                                                             Net funds            Total   promised          amount of     accumulated
                                                           Of which:            raised       promised investment          funds raised      investment
                                                             amount                after   investment     amounts             as of the        as of the
          Source of        Time of                 Total   of surplus       deducting        amounts       of funds         end of the       end of the
          funds            funds raised           funds         funds             issue       of funds raised after          Reporting        Reporting
          raised           in place              raised        raised        expenses           raised adjustments              Period       Period (%)

          Initial public
                           February 12,
          offering of                             156.91             –           155.61          155.61         155.61           156.81            100.77
                           2010
          Shares

          H Shares         June 24, 2015         305.88              –           300.15         300.15         300.15           306.66             102.17

          Issuance of
          shares to
                          July 31, 2018          142.08              –            141.33         141.33         141.33           141.84           100.36
          specific target
          subscribers

                                              USD1.692                                       USD1.652       USD1.652
          GDRs             June 28, 2019                             – USD1.652 billion                               USD1.674 billion             101.33
                                                billion                                        billion        billion


          Notes:
          1. The above fund raised had been fully utilized as at the beginning of the Reporting Period. During the year, there was no investment amount of
          fund raised or change in the use of the above fund raised.
          2. The difference between total promised investment amounts of funds raised after adjustments and total accumulated investment amount of
          funds raised as of the end of the Reporting Period mainly included interest income from funds raised.



          (II) During the Reporting Period, there was no change or termination of use of funds
          raised by the Company




218
                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
XIV. DESCRIPTION OF OTHER MAJOR EVENTS THAT HAVE SIGNIFICANT
IMPACTS ON INVESTORS TO MAKE VALUE JUDGMENTS AND
INVESTMENT DECISIONS
(I) Capital increase in subsidiaries of the Company

For details on capital increase in subsidiaries of the Company during the Reporting Period, please refer to “(IX)
Other information” under “VI. Major Operations during the Reporting Period” under “Management Discussion
and Analysis and Report of the Board” in this report.

(II) Description of major events of the subsidiaries                                                                         About Us

1. Huatai Purple Gold Investment

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Nanjing Huatai
GenScript Bio-pharmaceutical Entrepreneurship and Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 南京華泰
金斯瑞生物醫藥創業投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total subscription scale
of such fund amounted to RMB1,000 million. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive


                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
partner and a general partner, contributed RMB160 million.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Suzhou Huatai
Huaxintaihu Photonics Industry Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 蘇州華泰華芯太湖光子產業

                                                                                                                           and Strategies
投資基金合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total subscription scale of such fund
amounted to RMB500 million. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive partner and
a general partner, contributed RMB75 million.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Suqian Huatai
Industry Development and Technology Equity Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 宿遷華泰產發科技股權投
資基金 ( 有限合夥 )). As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total subscription scale of such fund amounted




                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
to RMB500 million. Huatai Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive partner and a general
partner, contributed RMB1 million.

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Purple Gold Investment initiated the establishment of Nanjing Huatai
Xingong Industries Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) ( 南京華泰新工產業投資基金 ( 有限合夥 )). As of the
end of the Reporting Period, the total subscription scale of such fund amounted to RMB800 million. Huatai
Purple Gold Investment, as a fund manager, an executive partner and a general partner, contributed
RMB250 million.

During the Reporting Period, Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership)
( 深 圳 市 華 泰 瑞 麟 股 權 投 資 基 金 合 夥 企 業 ( 有 限 合 夥 )), managed by Shenzhen Huatai Ruilin Fund Investment
Management Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 深圳市華泰瑞麟基金投資管理合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )), a holding



                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
subsidiary of Huatai Purple Gold Investment, completed its industrial and commercial deregistration.

During the Reporting Period, Nanjing Zhiyuan Equity investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) ( 南京致遠
股權投資合夥企業 ( 有限合夥 )), a holding subsidiary of Huatai Purple Gold Investment, completed its industrial



                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
and commercial deregistration.

2. Huatai International

During the Reporting Period, Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai
International, obtained the following business qualifications or licenses: (1) the qualification of market
marker under the “Southbound Scheme” for Bond Connect from the Hong Kong Monetary Authority; (2) type
7 (Providing Automated Trading Services) license under regulated activities by the Securities and Futures
Commission of Hong Kong to provide automated trading services through a trading platform for pre-IPO
share subscription; (3) dual Counter Market Maker Permit(s) by the Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing
Limited.




                                                                                                                    219
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, Huatai International increased capital contribution to the Singapore Subsidiary
          by S$50 million. Upon completion of the capital increase, the registered capital of the Singapore Subsidiary
          was changed to S$55 million. During the Reporting Period, the Singapore Subsidiary obtained a capital
          market services license and waiver from financial advisor qualification from the Monetary Authority of
          Singapore.

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai International established a new wholly-owned subsidiary, HS Carbon
          Neutrality & Energy Transition Investment Limited, in Hong Kong.

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai HK Investment (Cayman) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Huatai
          International, changed its name to Huatai International Private Equity Investment Management Limited.

          During the Reporting Period, AssetMark Retirement Services, Inc., a wholly-owned subsidiary of AssetMark
          (a subsidiary controlled by Huatai International), changed its name to AssetMark Services, Inc., and Global
          Financial Advisory, LLC, another wholly-owned subsidiary of AssetMark, was merged to AssetMark Services,
          Inc. and was deregistered subsequently.

          3. Huatai Innovative Investment

          During the Reporting Period, the registered address of Huatai Innovative Investment was changed from
          “Rooms 701-8 to 701-11, 7/F, Block 28, Fengsheng Hutong, Xicheng District, Beijing, the PRC” to “No. 234 Wuyi
          Road, Changning District, Shanghai, the PRC”.

          4. Huatai Futures

          During the Reporting Period, Huatai Futures increased capital contribution to its wholly-owned subsidiary,
          Huatai Capital Management (Hong Kong) Limited, by RMB192,045,000, after which the paid-in capital of
          Huatai Capital Management (Hong Kong) Limited amounted to RMB382,104,225.

          (III) For other major events disclosed by the Company on China Securities Journal,
          Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times, Securities Daily and the website of the
          SSE (www.sse.com.cn) during the Reporting Period, please refer to Appendix IV
          Information Disclosures Index




220
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
XV. MAIN OFF-BALANCE SHEET ITEMS THAT MAY AFFECT THE
COMPANY’S FINANCIAL SITUATION AND OPERATING RESULTS

For the main off-balance sheet items that may affect the Company’s financial situation and operating
results, please refer to “(II) Guarantees” under “XII. Material Contracts and Performance Thereof” under “Major
Events” in this report.



XVI. IMPORTANT MATTERS AFTER THE BALANCE SHEET DATE
                                                                                                                           About Us
(I) Changes in Senior Management of Subsidiaries

In January 2024, Mr. Nie Tingjin, general manager of Huatai Asset Management, resigned for personal
reasons. Ms. Cui Chun, the chairman of the board of directors, was appointed to act as the general
manager of Huatai Asset Management upon consideration and approval at the second extraordinary
meeting of the fourth session of the board of directors of Huatai Asset Management in 2024.



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
In February 2024, Huatai Asset Management held the third extraordinary meeting of the fourth session of the
board of directors in 2024, at which Mr. Jiang Xiaoyang was appointed as the general manager and Ms. Cui
Chun, as the chairman of the board of directors, ceased to act as the general manager.


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
In March 2024, Jiangsu Equity Exchange held the thirteen meeting of the third session of the board of
directors, at which Mr. Zhang Anzhong was elected as the chairman of the board of directors. Mr. Sun Hanlin
no longer served as the chairman of the board of directors of Jiangsu Equity Exchange.

(II) Proposal or resolution on annual distribution

Please refer to “Important Notice” in this report.




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
(III) Material investment and financing activities

Please refer to Note 65 to the consolidated financial statements headed “Events after the reporting date” in
this report.

(IV) Material litigation and arbitration

After the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any material litigation and arbitration.

(V) Business combination or disposal of subsidiary



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
After the Reporting Period, the Company did not conduct any business combination or disposal of
subsidiary.




                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                  221
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (VI) Newly-established securities branches

                                                      Date of
          No. Name           Location                 establishment   Business scope

                                                                      Securities brokerage; securities investment
                             Room 3303, Building
                                                                      consulting; securities underwriting (limited
                             2, International
               Securities                                             to underwriting of government bonds, debt
                             Trade Center,
               Branch in                                              financing instruments of non-financial
                             No. 1 Hongfu East        January 15,
          1    Dongguan                                               enterprises and financial bonds (including
                             Road, Dongcheng          2024
               International                                          policy-bank bonds) only); margin financing
                             Street, Dongguan
               Trade Center                                           and securities lending; agency sale of securities
                             City, Guangdong
                                                                      investment funds; agency sale of financial
                             Province
                                                                      products.

                                                                      Securities brokerage; securities investment
                                                                      consulting; margin financing and securities
               Securities    Room 1906, No.                           lending; agency sale of securities investment
               Branch in     1800 Zhongshan                           funds; agency sale of financial products;
                                                      January 22,
          2    Zhongshan     East Road, Yinzhou                       securities underwriting (limited to underwriting
                                                      2024
               East Road,    District, Ningbo City,                   of government bonds, debt financing
               Ningbo        Zhejiang Province                        instruments of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                      financial bonds (including policy-bank bonds)
                                                                      only).




222
                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(VII) Relocation of securities branches

    Name before         Name after                                                          Issue date
No. relocation          relocation          Address after relocation                        of license

    Securities Branch Securities Branch     18/F, Xindi City, CapitaMall, No. 64 West
1   in Wenyi North    in Zhuque Street,     Section of South Second Ring Road, Yanta        January 8, 2024
    Road, Xi’an       Xi’an                 District, Xi’an City, Shaanxi Province

    Securities Branch Securities Branch     No. 218-13, Zhenzhu North Road, Economic


                                                                                                                        About Us
2   in Zhenzhu South in Zhenzhu North       Development Zone, Lishui District, Nanjing      January 9, 2024
    Road, Lishui      Road, Lishui          City, Jiangsu Province

    Securities Branch   Securities Branch   6-2001, 2002, 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023,
    in Wenchang         in Changjian        2024, 20/F, Changjian Center, No. 364
3                                                                                       January 9, 2024
    West Road,          Center, Museum      Museum Road, Hanjiang District, Yangzhou
    Yangzhou            Road, Yangzhou      City

    Securities Branch Securities Branch     Rooms 1818, 1819, 1820, Building 4, Wanxiang
4   in Wulipai,       in Yueyang            Ruicheng, No. 219 Yueyang Avenue West,       January 12, 2024

                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
    Yueyang           Avenue, Yueyang       Yueyanglou District, Yueyang City



                                                                                                                      and Strategies
    Securities Branch   Securities Branch   No. 1, 1-2/F, Orient Restaurant, West Area
    in Xinhua East      in Xinhua East      of Tuanjie Community, Xinhua East Street,
5                                                                                           February 1, 2024
    Street, Saihan      Street, Saihan      Yingxin Road, Xincheng District, Hohhot
    District, Hohhot    District, Hohhot    City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region

    Securities Branch Securities Branch
                                            1-2/F, Building 1, No. 36 Taiping South Road,
6   in Taiping South  in Taiping South                                                      February 1, 2024
                                            Chengxiang Town, Taicang City
    Road, Taicang     Road, Taicang




                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
    Securities Branch
                      Securities Branch     Room 101, Block 1, No. 3 Fuyu Road,
    in Chengde
7                     in Fuyu Road,         Economic and Technological                      February 1, 2024
    North Road,
                      Huaian                Development Zone, Huaian
    Huaiyin, Huaian

    Securities Branch
                      Securities Branch     Units 201, 202, 203, 204, 205, No. 561
    in Yuncheng
8                     in Yuncheng East      Yuncheng East Road, Baiyun District,            February 2, 2024
    West Road,
                      Road, Guangzhou       Guangzhou City
    Guangzhou




                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
(VIII) The Company had no other situations that might materially affect the
financial position, results of operation and cash flow of the Company after the
Reporting Period


                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                               223
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Changes in Shares
          and Shareholders




          I. CHANGES IN SHARE CAPITAL

          (I) Statement of changes in shares

          1. Statement of changes in shares
                                                                                                                              Unit: Shares

                                      Before the change             Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change          After the change

                                                                             Shares
                                                               New
                                                 Percentage         Bonus converted                                           Percentage
                                       Number               shares                           Others      Subtotal   Number
                                                        (%)        shares      from                                                  (%)
                                                            issued
                                                                           reserves

          I. Shares subject to
                                    44,427,027        0.49      –         –          – -15,148,635 -15,148,635 29,278,392           0.32
          selling restrictions

          1. Shares held by the
                                             –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          state

          2. Shares held by
          state-owned legal                  –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          persons

          3. Shares held by other
                                    44,427,027        0.49      –         –          – -15,148,635 -15,148,635 29,278,392           0.32
          domestic investors

          Including: Shares held
          by domestic non-
                                             –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          state-owned legal
          persons

          Shares held by
          domestic natural          44,427,027        0.49      –         –          – -15,148,635 -15,148,635 29,278,392           0.32
          persons

          4. Shares held by
                                             –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          foreign investors

          Including: Shares held
          by overseas legal                  –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          persons

          Shares held by
          overseas natural                   –            –     –         –          –            –            –          –            –
          persons




224
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                             Before the change              Increase/decrease (+, -) of the change           After the change

                                                                     Shares
                                                       New
                                         Percentage         Bonus converted                                              Percentage
                              Number                shares                           Others      Subtotal     Number
                                                (%)        shares      from                                                     (%)
                                                    issued
                                                                   reserves

II. Tradable shares
not subject to selling   9,031,162,000       99.51      –         –          – 14,222,943 14,222,943 9,045,384,943           99.68
restrictions

1. Ordinary shares in
                         7,312,116,320       80.57      –         –          – 14,222,943 14,222,943 7,326,339,263           80.73
RMB


                                                                                                                                               About Us
2. Domestic listed
                                    –            –      –         –          –            –            –            –            –
foreign shares

3. Overseas listed
                         1,719,045,680       18.94      –         –          –            –            – 1,719,045,680       18.94
foreign shares

4. Others                           –            –      –         –          –            –            –            –            –
III. Total shares        9,075,589,027      100.00      –         –          –   -925,692      -925,692 9,074,663,335       100.00




                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
2. Information on changes in shares

On April 24, 2023, the conditions for lifting the selling restrictions of the first lock-up period under the


                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of the Company have been fulfilled, and a total of 14,222,943
restricted Shares were released from selling restrictions.

On June 30, 2023, the Company convened the 2022 Annual General Meeting, the 2023 Second A Share Class
Meeting and the 2023 Second H Share Class Meeting, and considered and approved the Resolution on
Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of the Company, agreeing the Company
to repurchase and cancel part or all of 925,692 restricted A Shares granted to 137 incentive participants
but subject to selling restriction due to non-fully fulfillment of condition of individual performance, release




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
or termination of employment with the Company and other circumstances. On September 22, 2023, the
Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of such restricted A Shares, the Shares subject to
selling restrictions were reduced by 925,692 Shares, and the total share capital of the Company changed to
9,074,663,335 Shares.

3. Impact of the change in shares on earnings per share, net asset value per share or other
financial indicators for the latest year and the latest period

In 2023, the total number of shares decreased by 925,692 as the Company completed the repurchase and
cancellation of part of the Restricted A Shares. Based on the weighted average number of shares, basic
earnings per share in 2023 were RMB1.35, diluted earnings per share were RMB1.33.



                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
The net assets per share attributable to owners of the listed company as at the end of 2023 were RMB18.19.
Such net assets per share attributable to owners of the listed company include perpetual bonds issued
by the Company. Net of the influence of perpetual bonds, net assets per share attributable to ordinary



                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
shareholders of the listed company as at the end of 2023 were RMB16.91.

4. Other information deemed necessary by the Company or discloseable as required by
securities regulators

On November 24, 2023, the Company held the 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 Third
A Share Class Meeting and the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting, and considered and approved the
Resolution on the Cancellation of the Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital by the
Company, pursuant to which the Company was approved to cancel the remaining repurchased A Shares of
45,278,495 shares and reduce the registered capital accordingly.

On January 10, 2024, the Company completed the cancellation of such repurchased A Shares and the total
share capital of the Company was changed to 9,029,384,840 shares.




                                                                                                                                      225
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Changes in shares subject to selling restrictions
                                                                                                                                                   Unit: Shares

                                                                              Increase in
                                     Number                 Number           the number
                                    of shares              of shares            of shares     Number of
                                      subject              released               subject shares subject
                                    to selling          from selling            to selling      to selling                                          Date of
                               restrictions at           restrictions         restrictions restrictions at                   Reasons                release
          Name of              the beginning              during the           during the the end of the                    for selling        from selling
          shareholder             of the year                   year                 year            year                 restrictions          restrictions

          Incentive                                                                                                         Incentive
          participants                                                                                                     scheme of          See note for
                                     44,427,027            14,222,943            -925,692             29,278,392
          of restricted A                                                                                                 restricted A             details
          Shares                                                                                                               Shares

          Total                      44,427,027            14,222,943            -925,692             29,278,392                        /                     /

          Notes:
          1. Pursuant to the requirements under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., which was disclosed by
          the Company on February 9, 2021, if the restricted Shares granted under the incentive scheme meet the conditions of unlocking after 24 months
          from the date of completion of registration of the corresponding granted portion of shares, the incentive participants may release the restriction
          in three phases in the next 36 months in the proportion of 33%, 33% and 34%.
          2. The registration date of the restricted Shares under the incentive scheme was April 6, 2021, and the first lock-up period expired on April 5, 2023.
          The number of the unlocked Shares was 14,222,943 Shares, and the listing and trading date of the unlocked Shares was April 24, 2023.
          3. On September 22, 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A Shares.




          II. THE ISSUANCE AND LISTING OF SECURITIES

          (I) Issuance of securities during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                                                  Currency: RMB

                                                                     Issue                                                   Number of
                                                                 price (or                                                    securities
          Types of shares and their                               interest       Number of                              permitted to be Ending date
          derivative securities                    Date of issue     rate) securities issued          Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

          Bonds (including company bonds, corporate bonds and debt financing instruments of non-financial
          enterprises)

          Corporate bonds                           2023-01-06         2.92%       RMB4.0 billion         2023-01-13       RMB4.0 billion       2025-01-09

          Corporate bonds                            2023-01-12        3.00%       RMB0.8 billion        2023-01-19        RMB0.8 billion        2025-01-15

          Corporate bonds                            2023-01-12        3.48%       RMB2.0 billion        2023-01-19         RMB2.0 billion       2028-01-14

          Corporate bonds                           2023-02-02         3.23%       RMB4.5 billion       2023-02-09         RMB4.5 billion       2026-02-05

          Corporate bonds                          2023-02-09          3.39%       RMB4.0 billion        2023-02-16        RMB4.0 billion        2028-02-11

          Corporate bonds                           2023-02-23          3.14%      RMB1.5 billion       2023-03-02          RMB1.5 billion      2026-02-26

          Corporate bonds                           2023-02-23         3.36%       RMB2.2 billion       2023-03-02          RMB2.2 billion      2028-02-25

          Corporate bonds                          2023-05-08          2.82%        RMB1.7 billion       2023-05-16          RMB1.7 billion     2025-07-09

          Corporate bonds                          2023-05-08          3.07%       RMB0.7 billion        2023-05-16         RMB0.7 billion     2028-05-09

          Corporate bonds                           2023-08-22         2.64%       RMB2.0 billion       2023-08-29          RMB2.0 billion      2026-08-21

          Corporate bonds                           2023-09-19         2.89%       RMB2.5 billion       2023-09-26          RMB2.5 billion      2026-09-18

          Corporate bonds                            2023-10-12        2.80%       RMB1.0 billion        2023-10-19         RMB1.0 billion       2025-10-15

          Corporate bonds                            2023-10-12        3.35%       RMB1.6 billion        2023-10-19         RMB1.6 billion       2033-10-14

          Corporate bonds                            2023-11-02        2.83%       RMB1.0 billion         2023-11-13        RMB1.0 billion     2026-08-05

          Corporate bonds                            2023-11-02        3.30%       RMB2.5 billion         2023-11-13        RMB2.5 billion       2033-11-04




226
                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                Issue                                            Number of
                                            price (or                                             securities
Types of shares and their                    interest       Number of                       permitted to be Ending date
derivative securities         Date of issue     rate) securities issued   Date of listing listed for trading of the trading

Short-term corporate
                               2023-03-15     2.65%     RMB5.0 billion     2023-03-23       RMB5.0 billion    2023-09-14
bonds

Short-term corporate
                               2023-03-21     2.65%     RMB5.0 billion     2023-03-28       RMB5.0 billion    2023-10-24
bonds

Short-term corporate
                                2023-11-09     2.67%    RMB3.0 billion       2023-11-16     RMB3.0 billion    2024-09-12
bonds

Short-term corporate                                                                                                                   About Us
                                2023-11-16    2.65%     RMB4.0 billion      2023-11-23      RMB4.0 billion    2024-09-19
bonds

Short-term corporate
                               2023-12-06      2.81%    RMB2.0 billion      2023-12-14      RMB2.0 billion   2024-07-05
bonds

Short-term corporate
                                2023-12-15     2.75%    RMB5.0 billion      2023-12-25      RMB5.0 billion    2024-03-18
bonds

Perpetual subordinated


                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
                              2023-09-06      3.46%     RMB2.5 billion     2023-09-14       RMB2.5 billion            N/A
bonds

Perpetual subordinated


                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
                                2023-10-18    3.58%     RMB4.0 billion     2023-10-26       RMB4.0 billion            N/A
bonds

Non-public corporate
                                2023-11-23     3.07%    RMB2.8 billion      2023-12-01      RMB2.8 billion     2026-11-26
bonds

Non-public corporate
                                2023-12-13    3.08%     RMB3.6 billion      2023-12-21      RMB3.6 billion     2026-12-14
bonds


Information of the issuance of securities during the Reporting Period:




                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
1. Corporate bonds

On January 6, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (First
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion at an issue price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying 2-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.92%. Such bonds were listed for
trading on January 13, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai G1” and “138816.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the
trading to be ended on January 9, 2025.

On January 12, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Second




                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.8 billion at an issue price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying 2-year and 5-year fixed rates. The amount of the 2-year bonds came to
RMB0.8 billion with a coupon rate of 3.00%, while the amount of the 5-year bonds came to RMB2.0 billion
with a coupon rate of 3.48%. Such bonds were listed for trading on January 19, 2023. The abbreviation and



                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
code of the 2-year bonds were “23 Huatai G2” and “138844.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB0.8 billion with the trading to be ended on January 15, 2025;
the abbreviation and code of the 5-year bonds were “23 Huatai G3” and “138845.SH”, respectively, and the
amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the trading to be ended
on January 14, 2028.

On February 2, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Third
Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.5 billion at an issue price
of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.23%. Such bonds were listed for
trading on February 9, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai G4” and “138857.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.5 billion with the




                                                                                                                              227
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          trading to be ended on February 5, 2026.

          On February 9, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fourth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, carrying 5-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.39%. Such bonds were listed for
          trading on February 16, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai G5” and “138886.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion with the
          trading to be ended on February 11, 2028.

          On February 23, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Fifth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.7 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year and 5-year fixed rates. The amount of the 3-year bonds came to
          RMB1.5 billion with a coupon rate of 3.14%, while the amount of the 5-year bonds came to RMB2.2 billion
          with a coupon rate of 3.36%. Such bonds were listed for trading on March 2, 2023. The abbreviation and
          code of the 3-year bonds were “23 Huatai G6” and “138915.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
          permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1.5 billion with the trading to be ended on February 26, 2026;
          the abbreviation and code of the 5-year bonds were “23 Huatai G7” and “138916.SH”, respectively, and the
          amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.2 billion with the trading to be ended
          on February 25, 2028.

          On May 8, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Sixth Tranche)
          to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.4 billion at an issue price of RMB100
          per bond, carrying 26-month and 5-year fixed rates. The amount of the 26-month bonds came to RMB1.7
          billion with a coupon rate of 2.82%, while the amount of the 5-year bonds came to RMB0.7 billion with a
          coupon rate of 3.07%. Such bonds were listed for trading on May 16, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the
          26-month bonds were “23 Huatai G8” and “115346.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted
          to be listed for trading came to RMB1.7 billion with the trading to be ended on July 9, 2025; the abbreviation
          and code of the 5-year bonds were “23 Huatai G9” and “115347.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the
          bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB0.7 billion with the trading to be ended on May 9, 2028.

          On August 22, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Seventh
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.0 billion at an issue price of
          RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.64%. Such bonds were listed for trading
          on August 29, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai 10” and “115367.SH”, respectively,
          and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the trading to be
          ended on August 21, 2026.

          On September 19, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Eighth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.5 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 2.89%. Such bonds were listed for
          trading on September 26, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai 11” and “115368.SH”,
          respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.0 billion with the
          trading to be ended on September 18, 2026.

          On October 12, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Ninth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.6 billion at an issue price
          of RMB100 per bond, carrying 2-year and 10-year fixed rates. The amount of the 2-year bonds came to
          RMB1.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.80%, while the amount of the 10-year bonds came to RMB1.6 billion
          with a coupon rate of 3.35%. Such bonds were listed for trading on October 19, 2023. The abbreviation and
          code of the 2-year bonds were “23 Huatai 13” and “240068.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
          permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1.0 billion with the trading to be ended on October 15, 2025;
          the abbreviation and code of the 10-year bonds were “23 Huatai 14” and “240069.SH”, respectively, and the
          amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1.6 billion with the trading to be ended
          on October 14, 2033.

          On November 2, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Tenth
          Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.5 billion at an issue price




228
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
of RMB100 per bond, carrying 33-month and 10-year fixed rates. The amount of the 33-month bonds came
to RMB1.0 billion with a coupon rate of 2.83%, while the amount of the 10-year bonds came to RMB2.5 billion
with a coupon rate of 3.30%. Such bonds were listed for trading on November 13, 2023. The abbreviation and
code of the 33-month bonds were “23 Huatai 15” and “240158.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds
permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB1.0 billion with the trading to be ended on August 5, 2026;
the abbreviation and code of the 10-year bonds were “23 Huatai 16” and “240159.SH”, respectively, and the
amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.5 billion with the trading to be ended
on November 4, 2033.

2. Short-term corporate bonds

On March 15, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities                  About Us
(First Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at an issue
price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 182-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.65%. Such bonds were listed
for trading on March 23, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai S1” and “115083.SH”,
respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5.0 billion with the
trading ended on September 14, 2023, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the
Reporting Period.



                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
On March 21, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
(Second Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at an
issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 216-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.65%. Such bonds were


                                                                                                                       and Strategies
listed for trading on March 28, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai S2” and “115117.
SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5.0 billion with
the trading ended on October 24, 2023, and the principal together with the interest was repaid during the
Reporting Period.

On November 9, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
Securities (Third Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.0 billion at
an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 305-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.67%. Such bonds




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
were listed for trading on November 16, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai S3”
and “240245.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to
RMB3.0 billion with the trading ended on September 12, 2024.

On November 16, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
Securities (Fourth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion
at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 305-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.65%. Such bonds
were listed for trading on November 23, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai
S4” and “240292.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to
RMB4.0 billion with the trading ended on September 19, 2024.

On December 6, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai



                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
Securities (Fifth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.0 billion
at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 213-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.81%. Such bonds
were listed for trading on December 14, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai S5”



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
and “240374.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to
RMB2.0 billion with the trading ended on July 5, 2024.

On December 15, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai
Securities (Sixth Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB5.0 billion at
an issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying a 91-day fixed rate with a coupon rate of 2.75%. Such bonds were
listed for trading on December 25, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai S6” and
“240400.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB5.0
billion with the trading ended on March 18, 2024.

3. Perpetual subordinated bonds

On September 6, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 perpetual subordinated bonds of Huatai




                                                                                                                229
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Securities (First Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.5 billion at
          an issue price of RMB100 per bond, with a coupon rate of 3.46%. The basic term of the bonds shall be 5 years,
          with every 5 interest-bearing years as a cycle. The issuer has the right to choose to extend the term of the
          bonds by 1 cycle (that is, to extend it by 5 years) at the end of each cycle, or choose to settle the payment
          for the bonds in full at the end of the cycle. Such bonds were listed for trading on September 14, 2023. The
          abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai Y1” and “115931.SH”, respectively, and the amount of the
          bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB2.5 billion.

          On October 18, 2023, the Company publicly issued the 2023 perpetual subordinated bonds of Huatai
          Securities (Second Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB4.0 billion
          at an issue price of RMB100 per bond, with a coupon rate of 3.58%. The basic term of the bonds shall be 5
          years, with every 5 interest-bearing years as a cycle. The issuer has the right to choose to extend the term
          of the bonds by 1 cycle (that is, to extend it by 5 years) at the end of each cycle, or choose to settle the
          payment for the bonds in full at the end of the cycle. Such bonds were listed for trading on October 26, 2023.
          The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai Y2” and “240109.SH”, respectively, and the amount
          of the bonds permitted to be listed for trading came to RMB4.0 billion.

          4. Non-public corporate bonds

          On November 23, 2023, the Company non-publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (First Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB2.8 billion at an issue
          price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.07%. Such bonds were listed on
          December 1, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai F2” and “253163.SH”, respectively,
          with the trading to be ended on November 26, 2026.

          On December 13, 2023, the Company non-publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
          (Second Tranche) to professional investors. The amount of the said bonds came to RMB3.6 billion at an
          issue price of RMB100 per bond, carrying 3-year fixed rates with a coupon rate of 3.08%. Such bonds were
          listed on December 25, 2023. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai F4” and “253350.SH”,
          respectively, with the trading to be ended on December 14, 2026.

          5. Offshore bonds

          Pioneer Reward Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, established an offshore medium term note
          programme with principal up to USD3.0 billion (or equivalent in other currencies) (the “Medium Term Note
          Programme”) on July 31, 2023.

          On August 9, 2023, Pioneer Reward Limited issued the first tranche of medium-term notes under the Medium
          Term Note Programme with an issue amount of USD0.8 billion, a three-year maturity and a coupon rate of
          5.25%. The method to repay principal and pay interest shall be payment on interest on a semi-annual basis
          and repayment of principal upon maturity. The listing place is the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Company
          provided unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for the notes.

          On November 29, 2023, Pioneer Reward Limited issued a tranche of medium-term notes under the Medium
          Term Note Programme with an issue amount of USD0.8 billion, a three-year maturity and a coupon rate of
          SOFR+0.9%. The method to repay principal and pay interest shall be payment on interest every three months
          and repayment of principal upon maturity. The listing place is the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The Company
          provided unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for the notes.

          During the Reporting Period, in order to supplement its working capital and repay its debt financing
          instruments, Huatai International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International, issued the medium-
          term notes of approximately USD2,690 million in aggregate. Huatai International provided unconditional and
          irrevocable guarantee for the medium term note program.

          6. Structured notes

          During the Reporting Period, the Company cumulatively issued 3,563 structured notes, with a total amount
          of RMB21.189 billion. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 1,064 structured notes in duration period, with




230
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
an amount of RMB13.562 billion.

(II) Changes in total number of the shares and shareholding structure of the
Company and changes in structure of assets and liabilities of the Company

Please refer to “I. Changes in Share Capital” in this section for the details of changes in total number of the
shares and shareholding structure of the Company.

Please refer to “(II) Analysis of key items of consolidated statement of financial position” under “VI. Major
Operations during the Reporting Period” in “Management Discussion and Analysis and Report of the Board”
of this report for the details of changes in structure of assets and liabilities of the Company.

                                                                                                                           About Us
(III) Existing Shares held by employees

There were no Shares of the Company held by employees.




III. INFORMATION OF SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
(I) Total number of shareholders



                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting
                                                                                                      228,470
Period

Total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month prior to
                                                                                                      288,939
the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed

Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose rights have been restored
                                                                                                             –
as of the end of the Reporting Period




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Total number of shareholders of preferred shares whose voting rights have been
restored as of the end of last month prior to the date on which the annual report                            –
shall be disclosed


Among the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of the Reporting Period,
shareholders of A Shares came to 221,550 and registered shareholders of H Shares came to 6,920. Among
the total number of shareholders of ordinary shares as of the end of last month (February 29, 2024) prior
to the date on which the annual report shall be disclosed, shareholders of A Shares came to 222,043 and
registered shareholders of H Shares came to 6,896.




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                  231
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (II) Shareholding of top ten shareholders and top ten holders of tradable shares (or
          holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions) as of the end of the Reporting
          Period

          There were no changes in top ten shareholders of the Company.
                                                                                                                    Unit: Shares
                      Shareholding of top ten shareholders (excluding lent shares by way of refinancing)
                                    Increase/   Number of                Number of     Pledged, marked or
                                    decrease shares held as            shares held        frozen shares
          Name of shareholder                               Percentage                                              Nature of
                                   during the at the end of                 subject
          (in full name)                                           (%)                                            shareholder
                                   Reporting the Reporting                to selling   Statusof   Number of
                                       Period        Period             restrictions     shares      shares
          Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                                                                                State-owned
          Investment Group                 – 1,373,481,636         15.14          –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Limited

          HKSCC Nominees                                                                                        Foreign legal
                                   -8,371,879 1,266,063,248       13.95           –         Nil             –
          Limited                                                                                                     person

          Jiangsu
                                                                                                                State-owned
          Communications                   –   489,065,418         5.39           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Holding Co., Ltd.

          Govtor Capital                                                                                        State-owned
                                    -168,000   355,915,206         3.92           –         Nil             –
          Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                        legal person

          Hong Kong
                                                                                                                Foreign legal
          Securities Clearing     173,178,607 346,253,032          3.82           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                      person
          Company Limited

          Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                                State-owned
          Holdings Group Co.,     21,648,303   277,873,788         3.06           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Ltd.

                                                                                                                Domestic
          Alibaba (China)
                                                                                                               non-state-
          Technology Co.,                  –   268,199,233         2.96           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                              owned legal
          Ltd.
                                                                                                                  person

          China Securities
          Finance                          –   152,906,738         1.68           –         Nil             –       Unknown
          Corporation Limited

          Jiangsu SOHO
                                                                                                                State-owned
          International Group        -20,800   135,838,367         1.50           –         Nil             –
                                                                                                                 legal person
          Corp.

                                                                                                          Domestic
          Jiangsu Hiteker                                                                                non-state-
                                           –    123,169,146         1.36          – Unknown 123,169,146
          High-tech Co., Ltd.                                                                           owned legal
                                                                                                            person




232
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                      Shareholding of top ten holders of shares not subject to selling restrictions

                                                Number of tradable                         Class and number of shares
Name of shareholder                            shares not subject to
                                                 selling restrictions Class                                                        Number

Jiangsu Guoxin Investment                                                     Ordinary shares in RMB                           1,271,072,836
                                                            1,373,481,636
Group Limited                                                                 Overseas listed foreign shares                   102,408,800

HKSCC Nominees Limited                                     1,266,063,248 Overseas listed foreign shares                      1,266,063,248

Jiangsu Communications                                                        Ordinary shares in RMB                           452,065,418

                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                            489,065,418
Holding Co., Ltd.                                                             Overseas listed foreign shares                    37,000,000

                                                                              Ordinary shares in RMB                            341,710,006
Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.                               355,915,206
                                                                              Overseas listed foreign shares                     14,205,200

Hong Kong Securities Clearing
                                                            346,253,032 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 346,253,032
Company Limited

Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group                                                   Ordinary shares in RMB                            76,460,788
                                                             277,873,788
Co., Ltd.                                                                     Overseas listed foreign shares                    201,413,000

                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Alibaba (China) Technology Co.,
                                                             268,199,233 Ordinary shares in RMB                                268,199,233
Ltd.

                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
China Securities Finance
                                                             152,906,738 Ordinary shares in RMB                                152,906,738
Corporation Limited

Jiangsu SOHO International                                                    Ordinary shares in RMB                              41,132,567
                                                             135,838,367
Group Corp.                                                                   Overseas listed foreign shares                    94,705,800

Jiangsu Hiteker High-tech Co.,
                                                              123,169,146 Ordinary shares in RMB                                 123,169,146
Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Description of special
repurchase accounts for the top                There are no special repurchase accounts for the top ten shareholders.
ten shareholders

Description of the voting
rights entrusted by the above
shareholders, the voting rights                There are no voting rights entrusted by the above shareholders, the
the above shareholders are                     voting rights the above shareholders are entrusted with and the voting
entrusted with and the voting                  rights the above shareholders abstained from.
rights the above shareholders
abstained from



                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                               Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital and Jiangsu
                                               SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. are wholly owned by Jiangsu SASAC.
                                               Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. is the controlling shareholder



                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Description of the related party
                                               of Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. Apart from the above,
relationships or acting in concert
                                               the Company is not aware of any related party relationship among
among the above shareholders
                                               other shareholders or whether such shareholders are parties acting
                                               in concert as specified in the Regulations on the Takeover of Listed
                                               Companies.

Explanation of shareholders of
preferred shares with restored
                                               There are no shareholders of preferred shares of the Company.
voting rights and the number of
shares held by them

Notes:
1. The class of shareholders of ordinary shares in RMB (A Shares) represents the class of accounts held by them registered with Shanghai Branch




                                                                                                                                                  233
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          of China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited.
          2. Among the holders of overseas listed foreign shares (H Shares) of the Company, shares of non-registered shareholders are held by HKSCC
          Nominees Limited on their behalf. As of the end of the Reporting Period, Guoxin Group, Communications Holding, Govtor Capital, Jiangsu SOHO
          Holdings Group Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. acquired, via Southbound Trading, 102,408,800, 37,000,000, 14,205,200,
          201,413,000 and 94,705,800 H Shares of the Company, respectively, which are also being held by HKSCC Nominees Limited. These shares are
          specifically and separately listed at the time of disclosure of this report; should such shares be included, the actual number of shares held by
          HKSCC Nominees Limited on their behalf would have been 1,715,796,048, representing 18.91% of the Company’s total shares.
          3. As of the end of the Reporting Period, 318,000 A Shares held by Govtor Capital remained outstanding due to refinancing. When fully repaid, its
          actual shareholding in the Company will be 342,028,006 A Shares and 14,205,200 H Shares, representing 3.93% of the Company’s total shares.
          4. Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is the nominal holder of the A Shares of the Company held by the investors in Northbound
          Trading under Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.
          5. Citibank, National Association is the depositary of the Company’s GDRs, and the domestic underlying A Shares represented by the GDRs
          are legally registered under its name. According to the statistics provided by the depositary, the Company had a total of 133,845 GDRs in the
          duration period as of the end of the Reporting Period, accounting for 0.16% of the approved number for issuance by the CSRC.
          6. In January 2024, by way of spin-off and transfer, Alibaba (China) Technology Co., Ltd. reassigned 268,199,233 A Shares of the Company held
          by it into the name of Hangzhou Haoyue Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. ( 杭州灝月企業管理有限公司 ), a subordinate company of Alibaba Group
          Holding Limited.



          Lent shares by way of refinancing of any of top ten shareholders
                                                                                                                                                Unit: Shares

                                               Listing and trading of shares subject to selling restrictions

                                     Total number of
                                   shares held through             Lent shares by way          Total number of shares   Lent shares by way
                                  ordinary account and             of refinancing and           held through ordinary   of refinancing and
                                   credit account as at             outstanding as at             account and credit   outstanding as at the
                                   the beginning of the           the beginning of the        account as at the end of end of the Reporting
                                     Reporting Period               Reporting Period             the Reporting Period          Period

           Name of
                                       Total Percentage               Total     Percentage           Total      Percentage         Total Percentage
           shareholder (in
                                     number          (%)            number              (%)        number               (%)      number          (%)
           full name)
           Govtor Capital
                                  341,878,006         3.7670 150,000            0.0017         341,710,006     3.7655             318,000         0.0035
           Group Co., Ltd.

          Note: Total number of shares presented in the above table is the total number of shares held by such shareholder through A shares ordinary
          securities account and A shares credit securities account, excluding the number of H Shares of the Company held by it.


          Number of shares held by top ten holders of shares subject to selling restrictions and relevant selling
          restrictions
                                                                                                                                                Unit: Shares
                                                                             Listing and trading of shares
                                                    Number
                                                                             subject to selling restrictions
                                                   of shares
                  Name of holders of            held subject                                       Number of additional
                  shares subject to                to selling Permitted time for                    shares permitted to
           No.    selling restrictions           restrictions listing and trading                   be listed and traded Selling restrictions

           1      Zhou Yi                             482,400          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           2      Han Zhencong                        402,000          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           3      Li Shiqian                          402,000          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           4      Sun Hanlin                          402,000          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           5      Jiang Jian                          402,000          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           6      Zhang Hui                           402,000          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           7      Chen Tianxiang                      402,000          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           8      Jiao Xiaoning                       335,000          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           9      Jiao Kai                            335,000          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           10     Wang Chong                          335,000          See note for details –                                    See note for details

           Description of the related party
                                                                   The Company is not aware of any related party relationship or
           relationships or acting in concert
                                                                   acting in concert arrangement.
           among the above shareholders



234
Note: The above shares subject to selling restrictions represent the shares granted by the Company to the incentive participants due to the                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
implementation of incentive scheme of restricted A Shares. Details of listing and trading of shares subject to selling restrictions and selling
restrictions are available in the Incentive Scheme of Restricted A Shares disclosed by the Company on the website of the SSE on February 9, 2021.




(III) A strategic investor or common legal person who became one of the top ten
shareholders as a result of subscription for new shares allotted to them

During the Reporting Period, the Company did not have any strategic investor or common legal person who
became one of the top ten shareholders as a result of subscription for new shares allotted to them.



IV. CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND DE FACTO CONTROLLERS                                                                                                                                                                                              About Us


(I) Controlling Shareholders

There are no controlling shareholders with more than 50% shareholding of the Company.

(II) De facto controllers


                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
1. Legal Person



                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
                                                                                 State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration
Name                                                                             Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government

Person in charge                                                                 Xie Zhengyi



2. Framework of the ownership and controlling relationship between the Company and the de
facto Controllers




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                          State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission of Jiangsu Provincial Government
                             15.1353%                     Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited                              100%




                             5.3894%                     Jiangsu Communications Holding Co., Ltd.                              100%




                             3.9256%                             Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd.                                100%




Huatai Securities Co.,Ltd.                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                             3.0621%


                             1.4969%     Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp.          75.08%
                                                                                                    Jiangsu SOHO




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                  Holdings Group Co.,          100%
                             0.1226%    Jiangsu Suhui Assets Management Co., Ltd.        100%             Ltd.


                             0.0408%        Jiangsu Overseas Group Co., Ltd.             100%




                             0.1524%                                                                Jiangsu Coast
                                                                                                  Development Group            100%
                             0.1782%    Jiangsu Coast Development Investment Co., Ltd.   100%           Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          235
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. De facto controllers did not control the Company through trust or other asset management
          programs



          V. DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD, THERE WERE NO CIRCUMSTANCES
          WHERE THE CUMULATIVE NUMBER OF SHARES PLEDGED BY THE
          CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS OR THE LARGEST SHAREHOLDER AND
          PERSONS ACTING IN CONCERT WITH THEM ACCOUNTED FOR MORE
          THAN 80% OF THE COMPANY’S SHARES HELD BY THEM


          VI. OTHER LEGAL-PERSON SHAREHOLDERS WITH MORE THAN 10%
          SHAREHOLDING
                                                                                      Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                          Person in
          Name of      charge or legal
          legal-person representative     Date of                            Registered Main businesses or
          shareholder    of the unit   establishment     Organization code    capital management activities

                                                                                       Investment, management,
                                                                                       operation, transfer of state-
          Jiangsu
                                                                                       owned capital; enterprise
          Guoxin                         February 22,
                           Dong Liang                   91320000735724800G      300    trusteeship, assets restructuring,
          Investment                        2002
                                                                                       management consultation, house
          Group Limited
                                                                                       leasing and other businesses
                                                                                       upon approval.

                          Shares held by HKSCC Nominees Limited are owned by the non-registered holders of H
          Remarks
                          Shares.




          VII. THE COMPANY HAD NO RESTRICTIONS ON SHAREHOLDING
          REDUCTION DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD




236
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
VIII. SPECIFIC IMPLEMENTATION OF SHARE REPURCHASE IN THE
REPORTING PERIOD

                                                                                       Unit: Yuan Currency: RMB

Name of share repurchase
                                Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares
plan

Date of share repurchase
                                March 31, 2023
plan disclosed

                                                                                                                           About Us
Number of shares
                                The total number of the Restricted Shares repurchased and cancelled is
repurchased and
                                925,692, representing approximately 0.01% of the total share capital of the
percentage to the total share
                                Company as at March 31, 2023
capital

Amount of repurchase
                                7,636,959.00
(Yuan)

Period of repurchase            September 22, 2023



                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Purpose of repurchase           Cancellation

Number of shares
                                925,692


                                                                                                                         and Strategies
repurchased (shares)

Number of shares
repurchased as a
percentage of the underlying    2.04%
shares under the stock
incentive plan

Progress of the Company




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
to reduce shareholding of
                                N/A
shares repurchased through
centralized price bidding




                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                  237
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          IX. SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
          AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
          As of December 31, 2023, as far as the Company and the Directors are aware after having made all
          reasonable enquiries, the following persons (other than the Directors, Supervisors or chief executives of the
          Company) held interests or short positions in shares or underlying shares which shall be disclosed to the
          Company under the provisions of Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO and were recorded in the register
          required to be kept by the Company under Section 336 of the SFO:


                                                                                                                             Percentage of Long position (Note
                                                                                                       Percentage of     the total issued A  2)/ short position
                 Number of                                                                            the total issued   Shares/ H Shares     (Note 3)/ shares
                 substantial                                                      Number of shares       shares of the    of the Company          available for
           No.   shareholders          Class of shares      Nature of interests      held (share)       Company (%)                     (%)            lending


                                            A Shares         Beneficial owner         1,271,072,836              14.01               17.28       Long position
                 Jiangsu Guoxin
           1     Investment                 H Shares
                 Group Limited          (Southbound          Beneficial owner          102,408,800                1.13               5.96        Long position
                                            Trading)

                                         A Shares            Beneficial owner          452,065,418               4.98                 6.15       Long position
                 Jiangsu
           2     Communications             H Shares
                 Holding Co., Ltd.      (Southbound          Beneficial owner          37,000,000                 0.41                2.15       Long position
                                             Trading

                                                             Beneficial owner          76,460,788                0.84                 1.04       Long position

                                            A Shares             Interests of
                                                                  controlled             41,132,567              0.45                0.56        Long position
                 Jiangsu SOHO                                   corporations
           3     Holdings Group
                 Co., Ltd.                                   Beneficial owner          201,413,000               2.22                11.72       Long position
                                            H Shares
                                        (Southbound              Interests of
                                            Trading)              controlled           94,705,800                 1.04                5.51       Long position
                                                                corporations


          Notes:
          1. Under Section 336 of the SFO, forms disclosing interests shall be submitted by shareholders of the Company upon satisfaction of certain
          conditions. Changes of shareholders’ shareholdings in the Company are not required to inform the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
          Exchange unless certain conditions are satisfied. Therefore, there could be differences between substantial shareholders’ latest shareholdings in
          the Company and the shareholding information reported to the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.
          Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. directly held a long position in 76,460,788 A Shares and 201,413,000 H Shares of the Company, and, through
          its controlled corporation (namely Jiangsu SOHO International Group Corp. ( 江蘇蘇豪國際集團股份有限公司 )), indirectly held a long position in
          41,132,567 A Shares and 94,705,800 H Shares of the Company.
          2. A shareholder has a “long position” if such shareholder has interests in shares, including interests through holding, writing or issuing financial
          instruments (including derivatives), under which such shareholder (1) has a right to purchase the underlying shares; (2) is under an obligation to
          purchase the underlying shares; (3) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying shares increases; or (4) has a right to avoid or
          reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares increases.
          3. A shareholder has a “short position” if such shareholder borrows shares under a securities borrowing and lending agreement, or holds, writes
          or issues financial instruments (including derivatives) under which such shareholder (1) has a right to require another person to purchase the
          underlying shares; (2) is under an obligation to deliver the underlying shares; (3) has a right to receive payments if the price of the underlying
          shares declines; or (4) has a right to avoid or reduce a loss if the price of the underlying shares declines.
          Save as disclosed above, the Company is not aware of any other person (other than the Directors, Supervisors and chief executives of the
          Company) having any interests or short positions in the shares or underlying shares of the Company as at December 31, 2023, which shall be
          recorded in the register pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.




238
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
X. DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS
AND SHORT POSITIONS IN THE SHARES, UNDERLYING SHARES OR
DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY AND ITS ASSOCIATED CORPORATIONS
As of the end of the Reporting Period, details on the shares held by the Director(s) of the Company due to
the Company’s implementation of the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares are as follows:

                                                                                                       Percentage of
                                                                                 Percentage of     the total issued A   Long position/

                                                                                                                                                   About Us
                                                                                the total issued   Shares/ H Shares     short position/
                                                             Number of shares      shares of the    of the Company shares available for
No.   Name           Class of shares   Nature of interests      held (share)      Company (%)                     (%)          lending


1     Zhou Yi             A Shares     Beneficial owner            720,000              0.008               0.010        Long position


Save as disclosed above, as of December 31, 2023, the Company was not aware of any other Directors,
Supervisors or chief executives of the Company having any interests or short positions in the shares,


                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
underlying shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations, which shall be notified
to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO
(including interests or short positions which were taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the

                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
SFO) or which would be required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register of
interests, or which shall, pursuant to the Model Code, be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange.



XI. REPURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE LISTED SECURITIES OF
THE COMPANY AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES



                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
On January 13, 2022, the Company issued non-public corporate bonds with sell back option, namely “22
Huatai F1”, with an issuance size of RMB4 billion and a coupon rate of 2.75%, which was listed on the SSE. On
December 16, 2022, the Company exercised the option of issuer to adjust the coupon rate on 22 Huatai F1,
and the investors chose to sell back in full, and the Company did not resell the bonds which have been sold
back and thus paid RMB4 billion resale fund in full on January 17, 2023, and paid a period interest of RMB110
million (tax inclusive).

Save as disclosed above and the repurchase and cancellation of part of the restricted A Shares stated
in “VIII. Specific Implementation of Share Repurchase in the Reporting Period” in this section of this report
and “XVII. Share Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other Employee Incentives Measures



                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
and Their Implication” under “Corporate Governance” in this report, the Company and its subsidiaries have
not repurchased, sold or redeemed any listed securities of the Company and its subsidiaries during the
Reporting Period.



                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
XII. ARRANGEMENT FOR DIRECTORS AND SUPERVISORS TO PURCHASE
SHARES OR DEBENTURES
Save for the incentive plan stated in “XVII. Share Incentive Scheme, Employee Stock Ownership Plan or Other
Employee Incentives Measures and Their Implication” under “Corporate Governance” in this report, at no
time during the Reporting Period has the Company, its holding companies or any of its subsidiaries or fellow
subsidiaries, entered into any arrangements to enable the Directors and Supervisors to acquire benefits by
means of the purchase of shares in, or debentures of, the Company or any other corporate bodies.


XIII. THE COMPANY HAD NO PREFERRED SHARES


                                                                                                                                          239
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          BONDS




          I. ENTERPRISE BONDS, CORPORATE BONDS AND NON-FINANCIAL
          CORPORATE DEBT FINANCING INSTRUMENTS

          (I) Enterprise Bonds

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any enterprise bonds.

          (II) Corporate Bonds

          1. Basic information on corporate bonds

          Information on corporate bonds of the Company in duration as at the date on which the annual report was
          approved to publish is as follows:
                                                                                                        Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                Interest Principal and
                                                                                         Expiration                Rate interest payment
          Name of bond                Abbreviation     Code    Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

                                                                                                                       Principal to
          2020 Corporate Bonds                                                                                         be paid upon
          of Huatai Securities                                   2020-         2020-       2025-                       expiration
          Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued   20 Huatai G3    163482                                              35      2.90
          to Qualified Investors                                 04-27         04-29       04-29                       and interest
          (Second tranche)                                                                                             to be paid
                                                                                                                       annually

          2020 Corporate                                                                                               Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                              be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.        20 Huatai                  2020-         2020-       2025-                       expiration
                                                     163558                                               30      3.20
          Publicly Issued to                G4                   05-19         05-21       05-21                       and interest
          Qualified Investors                                                                                          to be paid
          (Third tranche)                                                                                              annually




240
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Interest Principal and
                                                                         Expiration                Rate interest payment
Name of bond           Abbreviation     Code   Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

2020 Subordinated
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                       20 Huatai               2020-11-                  2025-11-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       175409                2020-11-13                    50      4.48
                              C1                      11                       13                      and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (First
                                                                                                       annually
tranche)

2021 Subordinated                                                                                                                   About Us
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                        21 Huatai              2021-01-     2021-01-     2026-01-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       175721                                              90      4.50
                               C1                    27          29           29                       and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (First
                                                                                                       annually
tranche)



                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
2021 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon


                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
Securities Co., Ltd.
                        21 Huatai              2021-04- 2021-04- 2024-04-                              expiration
Publicly Issued                       188047                                              50      3.42
                              G3                     22       26       26                              and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Second
                                                                                                       annually
tranche)

2021 Corporate
                                                                                                        Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                        be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
                        21 Huatai              2021-05- 2021-05-           2026-                        expiration
Publicly Issued                       188106                                              60       3.71
                              G4                     13        17           05-17                       and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                        to be paid
Investors (Third
                                                                                                        annually
tranche)

2021 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                        21 Huatai              2021-05- 2021-05-           2024-                       expiration
Publicly Issued                       188134                                              40      3.28
                              G5                     20       24           05-24                       and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Fourth



                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type I)

2021 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai



                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                        21 Huatai              2021-05- 2021-05-           2026-                       expiration
Publicly Issued                       188140                                              20      3.63
                              G6                     20       24           05-24                       and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Fourth
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type II)




                                                                                                                           241
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                          Interest Principal and
                                                                                   Expiration                Rate interest payment
          Name of bond           Abbreviation     Code   Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

          2021 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                  21 Huatai              2021-06- 2021-06-           2024-                       expiration
          Publicly Issued                       188239                                              20      3.40
                                        G7                     10       15           06-15                       and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                 to be paid
          Investors (Fifth
                                                                                                                 annually
          tranche) (Type I)

          2021 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                  21 Huatai              2021-06- 2021-06-           2024-                       expiration
          Publicly Issued                       188282                                              25      3.45
                                        09                      17      21           06-21                       and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                 to be paid
          Investors (Sixth
                                                                                                                 annually
          tranche) (Type I)

          2021 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                  21 Huatai              2021-09- 2021-09-           2024-                       expiration
          Publicly Issued                       188324                                               15     3.03
                                         11                    03       07           09-07                       and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                 to be paid
          Investors (Seventh
                                                                                                                 annually
          tranche) (Type I)

          2021 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                  21 Huatai              2021-09- 2021-09-         2031-09-                      expiration
          Publicly Issued                       188325                                              27      3.78
                                         12                    03       07               07                      and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                 to be paid
          Investors (Seventh
                                                                                                                 annually
          tranche) (Type II)

                                                                                                                 Interest to be
          2021 Perpetual                                                                                         paid annually
          Subordinated                                                                                           under the
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        condition
          Securities Co., Ltd.    21 Huatai              2021-09- 2021-09-                                       that the
                                                188785                                     –        30      3.85
          Publicly Issued                Y1                    15        17                                      issuer does
          to Professional                                                                                        not exercise
          Investors (First                                                                                       the right to
          tranche)                                                                                               defer interest
                                                                                                                 payments

          2021 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                  21 Huatai              2021-10-     2021-10-     2024-10-                      expiration
          Publicly Issued                       188874                                               21     3.25
                                         13                    14           18           18                      and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                 to be paid
          Investors (Eighth
                                                                                                                 annually
          tranche) (Type I)




242
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Interest Principal and
                                                                         Expiration                Rate interest payment
Name of bond           Abbreviation     Code   Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

2021 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                        21 Huatai              2021-10-     2021-10-     2031-10-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       188875                                              34      3.99
                               14                    14           18           18                      and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Eighth
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type II)

2021 Corporate                                                                                                                      About Us
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                        21 Huatai              2021-10-     2021-10-     2024-10-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       188926                                              22      3.22
                               15                    21           25           25                      and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Ninth
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type I)



                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
2021 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon


                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
Securities Co., Ltd.
                        21 Huatai              2021-10-     2021-10-     2031-10-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       188927                                               11     3.94
                               16                    21           25           25                      and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Ninth
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type II)

                                                                                                       Interest to be
2021 Perpetual                                                                                         paid annually
Subordinated                                                                                           under the




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        condition
Securities Co., Ltd.    21 Huatai              2021-10-     2021-10-                                   that the
                                      188942                                     –        50      4.00
Publicly Issued               Y2                     26           28                                   issuer does
to Professional                                                                                        not exercise
Investors (Second                                                                                      the right to
tranche)                                                                                               defer interest
                                                                                                       payments

                                                                                                       Interest to be
2021 Perpetual                                                                                         paid annually
Subordinated                                                                                           under the



                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        condition
Securities Co., Ltd.    21 Huatai              2021-11-      2021-11-                                  that the
                                      185019                                     –        20      3.80
Publicly Issued               Y3                     16            18                                  issuer does



                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
to Professional                                                                                        not exercise
Investors (Third                                                                                       the right to
tranche)                                                                                               defer interest
                                                                                                       payments




                                                                                                                           243
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                          Interest Principal and
                                                                                   Expiration                Rate interest payment
          Name of bond           Abbreviation     Code   Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

                                                                                                                 Interest to be
          2022 Perpetual                                                                                         paid annually
          Subordinated                                                                                           under the
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        condition
          Securities Co., Ltd.   22 Huatai               2022-01- 2022-01-                                       that the
                                                185337                                     –        27      3.49
          Publicly Issued               Y1                    24       26                                        issuer does
          to Professional                                                                                        not exercise
          Investors (First                                                                                       the right to
          tranche)                                                                                               defer interest
                                                                                                                 payments

          2022 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                 22 Huatai               2022-02-        2022- 2025-02-                          expiration
          Publicly Issued                       185364                                              50      2.79
                                        G1                     10        02-14       14                          and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                 to be paid
          Investors (First
                                                                                                                 annually
          tranche)

                                                                                                                 Interest to be
          2022 Perpetual                                                                                         paid annually
          Subordinated                                                                                           under the
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        condition
          Securities Co., Ltd.   22 Huatai               2022-07-        2022-                                   that the
                                                185388                                     –        30      3.59
          Publicly Issued              Y2                      07         07-11                                  issuer does
          to Professional                                                                                        not exercise
          Investors (Second                                                                                      the right to
          tranche)                                                                                               defer interest
                                                                                                                 payments

          2022 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                 22 Huatai                  2022-        2022-       2024-                       expiration
          Publicly Issued                       137666                                              20      2.43
                                       G2                    08-11       08-15       08-15                       and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                 to be paid
          Investors (Second
                                                                                                                 annually
          tranche)

          2022 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                 22 Huatai                 2022-         2022-       2024-                       expiration
          Publicly Issued                       137732                                              30      2.33
                                       G3                  08-24         08-26       08-26                       and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                 to be paid
          Investors (Third
                                                                                                                 annually
          tranche)

          2022 Corporate
                                                                                                                 Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                 be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                 22 Huatai                  2022-        2022-       2025-                       expiration
          Publicly Issued                       137780                                              20      2.52
                                       G4                   09-01        09-05       09-05                       and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                 to be paid
          Investors (Fourth
                                                                                                                 annually
          tranche)




244
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Interest Principal and
                                                                         Expiration                Rate interest payment
Name of bond           Abbreviation     Code   Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

2022 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                       22 Huatai                 2022-         2022-       2025-                       expiration
Publicly Issued                       137814                                              30      2.50
                             G5                  09-08         09-13       09-13                       and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Fifth
                                                                                                       annually
tranche)

                                                                                                       Interest to be               About Us
2022 Perpetual                                                                                         paid annually
Subordinated                                                                                           under the
Bonds of Huatai                                                                                        condition
Securities Co., Ltd.   22 Huatai               2022-10- 2022-10-                                       that the
                                      137604                                     –        35      3.20
Publicly Issued              Y3                      19       21                                       issuer does
to Professional                                                                                        not exercise
Investors (Third                                                                                       the right to

                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
tranche)                                                                                               defer interest
                                                                                                       payments


                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
2022 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                       22 Huatai               2022-11-     2022-11-     2024-11-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       138597                                              36      2.87
                             G6                      17           21           21                      and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Sixth
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type I)




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
2022 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                       22 Huatai               2022-11-     2022-11-     2027-11-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       138598                                               14     3.18
                             G7                      17           21           21                      and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Sixth
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type II)

2022 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                       22 Huatai               2022-12-      2022-12-    2024-12-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       138679                                               15     2.87
                             G8                      01            05          05                      and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Seventh
                                                                                                       annually



                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
tranche) (Type I)

2022 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                       22 Huatai               2022-12-                  2025-12-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       138709            2022-12-12                        20      3.35
                              10                    08                         12                      and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Eighth
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type I)




                                                                                                                           245
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                            Interest Principal and
                                                                                     Expiration                Rate interest payment
          Name of bond             Abbreviation     Code   Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

          2022 Corporate
                                                                                                                   Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                   be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                   22 Huatai                2022-12-    2022-12-     2027-12-                      expiration
          Publicly Issued                         138710                                               5      3.49
                                          11                     08           12           12                      and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                   to be paid
          Investors (Eighth
                                                                                                                   annually
          tranche) (Type II)

          2022 Corporate
                                                                                                                   Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                   be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                   22 Huatai               2022-12-     2022-12-     2024-12-                      expiration
          Publicly Issued                         138737                                              40      3.24
                                          12                     20           22           22                      and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                   to be paid
          Investors (Ninth
                                                                                                                   annually
          tranche) (Type I)

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                   Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                   be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                   23 Huatai               2023-01- 2023-01-         2025-01-                      expiration
          Publicly Issued                         138816                                              40      2.92
                                          G1                    06        10               10                      and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                   to be paid
          Investors (First
                                                                                                                   annually
          tranche)

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                   Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                   be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                   23 Huatai               2023-01- 2023-01-         2025-01-                      expiration
          Publicly Issued                         138844                                               8      3.00
                                         G2                      12       16               16                      and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                   to be paid
          Investors (Second
                                                                                                                   annually
          tranche) (Type I)

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                   Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                   be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                   23 Huatai               2023-01- 2023-01-         2028-01-                      expiration
          Publicly Issued to                      138845                                              20      3.48
                                         G3                      12       16               16                      and interest
          Professional Investors
                                                                                                                   to be paid
          (Second tranche)
                                                                                                                   annually
          (Type II)

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                   Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                   be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                   23 Huatai               2023-02-        2023- 2026-02-                          expiration
          Publicly Issued                         138857                                              45      3.23
                                         G4                      02        02-06       06                          and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                   to be paid
          Investors (Third
                                                                                                                   annually
          tranche)




246
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                     Interest Principal and
                                                                              Expiration                Rate interest payment
Name of bond                Abbreviation     Code   Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

2023 Corporate
                                                                                                            Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                            be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                            23 Huatai               2023-02-        2023- 2028-02-                          expiration
Publicly Issued                            138886                                              40      3.39
                                  G5                      09        02-13       13                          and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                            to be paid
Investors (Fourth
                                                                                                            annually
tranche)

2023 Corporate                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                                                                            Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                            be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                            23 Huatai               2023-02-        2023- 2026-02-                          expiration
Publicly Issued                            138915                                               15     3.14
                                  G6                      23        02-27       27                          and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                            to be paid
Investors (Fifth
                                                                                                            annually
tranche) (Type I)



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                                                                            Principal to
2023 Corporate Bonds                                                                                        be paid upon
of Huatai Securities Co.,


                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                            23 Huatai               2023-02-        2023- 2028-02-                          expiration
Ltd. Publicly Issued to                    138916                                              22      3.36
Professional Investors            G7                      23        02-27       27                          and interest
(Fifth tranche) (Type II)                                                                                   to be paid
                                                                                                            annually

2023 Corporate
                                                                                                            Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                            be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                            23 Huatai                 2023-         2023- 2025-07-                          expiration
Publicly Issued                            115346                                               17     2.82




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                  G8                  05-08         05-10       10                          and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                            to be paid
Investors (Sixth
                                                                                                            annually
tranche) (Type I)

2023 Corporate
                                                                                                            Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                            be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                            23 Huatai                 2023-         2023-       2028-                       expiration
Publicly Issued                            115347                                               7      3.07
                                  G9                  05-08         05-10       05-10                       and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                            to be paid
Investors (Sixth
                                                                                                            annually
tranche) (Type II)



                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
2023 Corporate
                                                                                                            Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                            be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
                            23 Huatai                 2023-      2023-08-       2026-                       expiration
Publicly Issued                            115367                                              20      2.64
                                   10                 08-22            24       08-24                       and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                            to be paid
Investors (Seventh
                                                                                                            annually
tranche)




                                                                                                                                247
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                           Interest Principal and
                                                                                    Expiration                Rate interest payment
          Name of bond           Abbreviation     Code    Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

                                                                                                                  Interest to be
          2023 Perpetual                                                                                          paid annually
          Subordinated                                                                                            under the
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         condition
          Securities Co., Ltd.   23 Huatai                  2023-         2023-                                   that the
                                                 115931                                     –        25      3.46
          Publicly Issued               Y1                  09-06         09-08                                   issuer does
          to Professional                                                                                         not exercise
          Investors (First                                                                                        the right to
          tranche)                                                                                                defer interest
                                                                                                                  payments

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                  Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                  be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                 23 Huatai                  2023-      2023-09-       2026-                       expiration
          Publicly Issued                        115368                                              25      2.89
                                        11                  09-19            21       09-21                       and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                  to be paid
          Investors (Eighth
                                                                                                                  annually
          tranche) (Type I)

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                  Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                  be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                 23 Huatai                2023-10- 2023-10-         2025-10-                      expiration
          Publicly Issued                       240068                                                10     2.80
                                        13                      12       16               16                      and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                  to be paid
          Investors (Ninth
                                                                                                                  annually
          tranche) (Type I)

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                  Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                  be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                 23 Huatai                2023-10-      2023-10-    2033-10-                      expiration
          Publicly Issued                       240069                                               16      3.35
                                        14                      12            16          16                      and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                  to be paid
          Investors (Ninth
                                                                                                                  annually
          tranche) (Type II)

                                                                                                                  Interest to be
          2023 Perpetual                                                                                          paid annually
          Subordinated                                                                                            under the
          Bonds of Huatai                                                                                         condition
          Securities Co., Ltd.   23 Huatai                2023-10-      2023-10-                                  that the
                                                240109                                      –        40      3.58
          Publicly Issued              Y2                       18            20                                  issuer does
          to Professional                                                                                         not exercise
          Investors (Second                                                                                       the right to
          tranche)                                                                                                defer interest
                                                                                                                  payments

          2023 Corporate
                                                                                                                  Principal to
          Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                                  be paid upon
          Securities Co., Ltd.
                                 23 Huatai                2023-11-      2023-11-      2026-                       expiration
          Publicly Issued                       240158                                                10     2.83
                                        15                     02            06       08-06                       and interest
          to Professional
                                                                                                                  to be paid
          Investors (Tenth
                                                                                                                  annually
          tranche) (Type I)




248
                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                Interest Principal and
                                                                         Expiration                Rate interest payment
Name of bond           Abbreviation     Code   Issue date   Value date        date    Balance        (%) method

2023 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                       23 Huatai               2023-11-      2023-11-    2033-11-                      expiration
Publicly Issued                       240159                                              25      3.30
                              16                    02            06          06                       and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Tenth
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type II)

2023 Short-                                                                                                                         About Us
term Corporate
                                                                                                       One-off
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       payment of
Securities Co., Ltd.   23 Huatai               2023-11-                    2024-
                                      240245            2023-11-13                        30      2.67 principal and
Publicly Issued              S3                     09                     09-13
                                                                                                       interest upon
to Professional
                                                                                                       expiration
Investors (Third
tranche)

                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
2023 Short-



                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
term Corporate
                                                                                                       One-off
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       payment of
Securities Co., Ltd.   23 Huatai               2023-11-      2023-11-      2024-
                                      240292                                              40      2.65 principal and
Publicly Issued              S4                      16           20       09-20
                                                                                                       interest upon
to Professional
                                                                                                       expiration
Investors (Fourth
tranche)

2023 Short-




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
term Corporate
                                                                                                       One-off
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       payment of
Securities Co., Ltd.   23 Huatai               2023-12-      2023-12- 2024-07-
                                      240374                                              20      2.81 principal and
Publicly Issued              S5                     06            08        08
                                                                                                       interest upon
to Professional
                                                                                                       expiration
Investors (Fifth
tranche)

2023 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.



                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and
                       23 Huatai               2023-11-      2023-11-    2026-11-                      expiration
Non-publicly Issued                   253163                                              28      3.07
                              F2                    23            27          27                       and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (First
                                                                                                       annually



                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection
tranche) (Type II)

2023 Corporate
                                                                                                       Principal to
Bonds of Huatai
                                                                                                       be paid upon
Securities Co., Ltd.
                       23 Huatai               2023-12-      2023-12-    2026-12-                      expiration
Non-publicly Issued                   253350                                              36      3.08
                             F4                      13            15          15                      and interest
to Professional
                                                                                                       to be paid
Investors (Second
                                                                                                       annually
tranche) (Type II)




                                                                                                                           249
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Notes:
          1. The above-mentioned corporate bonds were issued to professional investors who shall have the ability to identify and bear respective
          risks. They shall be aware of and bear their own investment risks of the corporate bonds and in compliance with the requirements of the
          Administrative Measures for Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds, the Administrative Measures of the Shanghai Stock Exchange for Eligibility
          of Investors in the Bond Market (《上海證券交易所債券市場投資者適當性管理辦法》), the Administrative Measures for the Eligibility of the Investors of
          Securities and Future (《證券期貨投資者適當性管理辦法》                 ) and relevant laws and regulations (excluding purchasers subject to prohibition under laws
          and regulations). Investors shall not subscribe by illegal use of others’ accounts or fund accounts, or illegally financing or financing for others.
          Investors subscribing for above-mentioned corporate bonds shall observe relevant laws and regulations and relevant provisions of the CSRC
          and assume corresponding legal responsibilities on their own.
          2. The above-mentioned corporate bonds are listed on the SSE. Pursuant to the Rules Governing the Trading of Bonds on the Shanghai Stock
          Exchange, publicly issued bonds can be traded by way of matching, one-click-order, price-enquiry, bidding and negotiating, while non-publicly
          issued corporate bonds can be traded by way of one-click-order, price-enquiry, bidding and negotiating.
          3. Information on the lead underwriters and entrusted managers of the above-mentioned corporate bonds can be found in the prospectus for
          bonds.
          4. 21 Huatai Y1, 21 Huatai Y2, 21 Huatai Y3, 22 Huatai Y1, 22 Huatai Y2 and 22 Huatai Y3 are subject to issuer’s renewal option, issuer’s redemption
          right, issuer’s redemption option when certain conditions are met and issuer’s right of deferring interest payment. The coupon rate for the
          first five interest-bearing years is determined through book-building, which remains unchanged during the first five interest-bearing years.
          The coupon rate shall be repriced every five years from the sixth interest-bearing year. If no redemption right was exercised by the issuer, the
          coupon rate would be adjusted to be the sum of the current benchmark interest rate and the initial spread plus 300bp from the sixth interest-
          bearing year, which will remain unchanged from the sixth interest-bearing year to the tenth interest-bearing year. Afterwards, the coupon rate
          repriced every five years is the sum of the current benchmark interest rate and the initial spread plus 300bp. The initial spread is the difference
          between the coupon rate and the initial benchmark interest rate for the first five interest-bearing years.




          Interest Payment for Bonds during the Reporting Period is as follows:

          Name of bond                                    Redemption and interest payment

          13 Huatai 02                                    Redemption in full as scheduled

          18 Huatai G2                                    Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G1                                    Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G6                                    Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G7                                    Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G9                                    Redemption in full as scheduled

          22 Huatai S2                                    Redemption in full as scheduled

          23 Huatai S1                                    Redemption in full as scheduled

          23 Huatai S2                                    Redemption in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G3                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai G4                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          20 Huatai C1                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai C1                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G3                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G4                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G5                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G6                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai G7                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai 09                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai 11                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

          21 Huatai 12                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled




250
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Name of bond                                    Redemption and interest payment

21 Huatai Y1                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai 13                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai 14                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai 15                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai 16                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai Y2                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

21 Huatai Y3                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled                                                                          About Us

22 Huatai Y1                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai G1                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai Y2                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai G2                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled



                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
22 Huatai G3                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai G4                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled


                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
22 Huatai G5                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai Y3                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai G6                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai G7                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai G8                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
22 Huatai 10                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai 11                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled

22 Huatai 12                                    Payment of interest in full as scheduled



During the Reporting Period, the issuance and payment of interest for corporate bonds non-publicly issued
by the Company were as follows:

                                                                                                              Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                           Balance as at



                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Abbreviation                               the end of the Coupon rate                                     Expiration           Payment of
of bond                  Issuing size             period          (%) Value date                          date                 interest




                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
22 Huatai F1                     40.00                       –               2.75 2022-01-17              2024-01-17           Sell back in full

23 Huatai F2                     28.00                 28.00                 3.07 2023-11-27              2026-11-27           –

23 Huatai F4                     36.00                 36.00                 3.08 2023-12-15              2026-12-15           –

Note: An investor’s sell-back option and an issuer’s coupon rate adjustment option at the end of the first interest-bearing year are available for “22
Huatai F1”




                                                                                                                                                         251
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Triggers and execution of issuer’s or investor’s option clauses or investor protection clauses

          21 Huatai Y1, 21 Huatai Y2, 21 Huatai Y3, 22 Huatai Y1, 22 Huatai Y2, 22 Huatai Y3, 23 Huatai Y1 and 23 Huatai Y2
          issued by the Company are subject to the issuer’s renewal option, issuer’s redemption option and the right
          of deferring interest payment. As of the disclosure date of this report, the aforementioned bonds have not
          triggered the issuer’s options as the exercise date of the renewal option and redemption option has not yet
          reached. During the Reporting Period, the Company did not execute the right of deferring interest payment
          and paid the current interest of the aforementioned bonds on time and in full.

          As of the disclosure date of this report, the Company has strictly implemented the relevant terms and
          agreements on investor protection clauses and settlement safeguards in accordance with the covenants in
          the prospectus for corporate bonds, and paid the principal and/or interest of each bond on time and in full.



          3. Intermediary Agency to Provide Services for Bond Issuance and Existing Business

                                                                  Name of
          Name of intermediary                                    signatory
          agency                   Office address                 accountant         Contact person Contact number

          Deloitte Touche
                                 30/F, 222 Yan An Road            Hu Xiaojun, Han
          Tohmatsu Certified                                                         Hu Xiaojun         021-61418888
                                 East, Shanghai                   Jian
          Public Accountants LLP

                                   8/F, KPMG Tower, Oriental      Cheng Hailiang,
          KPMG Huazhen LLP         Plaza, No. 1 East Chang’an     Qian Ruwen, Zou    Zhang Nan          021-22123075
                                   Avenue, Beijing                Jun




          Other intermediary agencies to provide services for the above bond issuance and existing business are as
          below:

          Intermediary
          agency       Name                     Office address                       Contact person     Contact number

                                                5/F, Building 1, Huatai Securities
                         Huatai United                                               Wang
                                                Square, No. 228 Middle Jiangdong                        025-83387750
                         Securities Co., Ltd.                                        Chengcheng
                                                Road, Nanjing

                         Shenwan                                                                        021-33388507
                                                45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui    Liu Qiuyan, Ding
                         Hongyuan
                                                District, Shanghai                   Tianshuo           021-33388508
                         Securities Co., Ltd.

                         China
                         International          33/F, Tower 2, China World Office,
                         Capital                No. 1 Jianguomenwai Avenue,          Liu Liu            010-65051166
          Lead
                         Corporation            Chaoyang District, Beijing
          Underwriter
                         Limited

                         China
                         Development            1-9/F, No. 29 Fuchengmen Wai
                                                                                     Wang Tianwei       010-88300840
                         Bank Securities        Avenue, Xicheng District, Beijing
                         Company Limited

                         China Industrial
                                                32/F, SK Tower, Building 1, 6A
                         Securities Co., Ltd.
                                                Jianguomenwai Avenue, Chaoyang Tao Jian                 13581681404
                         ( 興業證券股份有限
                                                District, Beijing
                         公司 )




252
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Intermediary
agency       Name                             Office address                                  Contact person          Contact number

                                       2/F, Kaiyuan Securities Wealth
                    Kaiyuan Securities
                                       Management Center, No. 62 Furong
                    Co., Ltd. ( 開源證券                                     Xu Mengyuan                                  029-81208821
                                       West Road, Yanta District, Xi’an,
                    股份有限公司 )
                                       Shaanxi Province

                                       West Tower, Caitong Shuangguan                         Xu Zongxuan,
                    Caitong Securities
Lead                                   Building, No. 198 Tianmushan Road,                     Zhang Zhening,
                    Co., Ltd. ( 財通證券                                                                                  0571-87821802
Underwriter                            Xihu District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang                      Wang Wenxu,
                    股份有限公司 )
                                       Province                                               Zhang Yifei                                                 About Us
                    Central China
                    Securities Co., Ltd.      10 Business Outer Ring Road,
                                                                                Gao Lingfang                          021-50581985
                    ( 中原證券股份有限                Zhengdong New District, Zhengzhou
                    公司 )

                    Shenwan                                                                                           021-33388507
                                              45/F, No. 989 Changle Road, Xuhui               Liu Qiuyan, Ding
                    Hongyuan


                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                              District, Shanghai                              Tianshuo                021-33388508
                    Securities Co., Ltd.
Entrusted           China


                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
manager             International
                                              China World Office, No. 1
                    Capital                                                                   Liu Liu                 010-65051166
                                              Jianguomenwai Avenue, Beijing
                    Corporation
                    Limited

                    China Lianhe
                                              17/F, Tower 2, No. 2 Jianguomenwai
                    Credit Rating Co.,                                                        Pan Yuechen             010-85679696
                                              Avenue, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                    Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Credit rating
agencies            Shanghai
                    Brilliance Credit         14/F, Huasheng Mansion, No. 398                                         021-63501349-
                                                                                              Gao Fei
                    Rating & Investors        Hankou Road, Shanghai                                                   637
                    Service Co., Ltd.

                                              9/F, National Water Resources
                    JC Master Law
                                              Building, No. 70 Qingjiang South                Yin Tingting            025-84503333
                    Offices
                                              Road, Nanjing

                                              22-31/F, South Tower of Building 3,
                    Zhong Lun Law
                                              CP Center, No. 20 Jinhe East Road,              Guo Zhi                 025-69511868
                    Firm



                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                              Chaoyang District, Beijing
Law Firm
                                              9, 11, 12/F, Shanghai Tower, No. 501
                    AllBright Law                                                  Sun Zuan, Bai
                                              Middle Yincheng Road, Pudong New                                        021-20511000



                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                    Offices                                                        Xue
                                              Area, Shanghai

                                              17-18/F, East Tower, World Financial
                    King & Wood
                                              Center 1, No. 1 Middle East 3rd Ring            Yao Lei                 021-24126099
                    Mallesons
                                              Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing

Note: Certain bond issuances were underwritten by Shenwan Hongyuan Financing Services Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shenwan
Hongyuan Financing Services”), a subsidiary of Shenwan Hongyuan Securities Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Securities Parent Company”).
Due to changes in the business scope of Securities Parent Company, bond underwriting business, except for convertible bonds, of Shenwan
Hongyuan Financing Services was included into the business scope of Securities Parent Company. For the above changes in business scope,
relevant authorities had issued approval. Therefore, the rights and obligations under the agreement entered into by Shenwan Hongyuan
Financing Services have succeeded to Securities Parent Company.




                                                                                                                                                 253
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          There were no changes in the above intermediary agencies during the Reporting Period.

          4. Utilisation of funds raised as at the end of the Reporting Period

          As at the end of the Reporting Period, the utilisation of funds raised from corporate bonds publicly issued in
          duration of the Company is as follows:
                                                                                           Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                               Total amount           Utilised    Unutilised
          Name of bond        of funds raised        amount        amount Use agreed in the prospectus

                                                                               80% for replenishment of working capital,
          20 Huatai G3                     35              35              –
                                                                               20% for repayment of matured debts

                                                                               40% for replenishment of working capital,
          20 Huatai G4                     30              30              –
                                                                               60% for repayment of matured debts

                                                                               60% for replenishment of working capital,
          20 Huatai C1                     50              50              –
                                                                               40% for repayment of matured debts

          21 Huatai C1                     90              90              – Replenishment of working capital

          21 Huatai G3                     50              50              – Replenishment of working capital

          21 Huatai G4                      60             60              – Replenishment of working capital

          21 Huatai G5                      40             40              – Replenishment of working capital

          21 Huatai G6                      20             20              – Replenishment of working capital

          21 Huatai G7                      20             20              – Replenishment of working capital

          21 Huatai 09                      25             25              – Replenishment of working capital

          21 Huatai 11                      15             15              – Repayment of matured debts

          21 Huatai 12                      27             27              – Repayment of matured debts

          21 Huatai Y1                      30             30              – Repayment of corporate bonds

                                                                               60% for replenishment of working capital,
          21 Huatai 13                      21             21              –
                                                                               40% for repayment of matured debts

                                                                               60% for replenishment of working capital,
          21 Huatai 14                      34             34              –
                                                                               40% for repayment of matured debts

          21 Huatai 15                      22             22              – Replenishment of working capital

          21 Huatai 16                      11             11              – Replenishment of working capital

          21 Huatai Y2                      50             50              – Repayment of corporate bonds

          21 Huatai Y3                      20             20              – Repayment of corporate bonds

          22 Huatai Y1                      27             27              – Repayment of corporate bonds

                                                                               Repayment of corporate bonds
          22 Huatai G1                      50             50              –
                                                                               (excluding interest)

          22 Huatai Y2                      30             30              – Repayment of corporate bonds

                                                                               Repayment of corporate bonds
          22 Huatai G2                      20             20              –
                                                                               (excluding interest)

                                                                               Repayment of corporate bonds
          22 Huatai G3                      30             30              –
                                                                               (excluding interest)

                                                                               Repayment of corporate bonds
          22 Huatai G4                      20             20              –
                                                                               (excluding interest)




254
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                Total amount      Utilised   Unutilised
Name of bond   of funds raised   amount       amount Use agreed in the prospectus

                                                        Repayment of corporate bonds
22 Huatai G5               30          30           –
                                                        (excluding interest)

                                                        Repayment of corporate bonds and
22 Huatai Y3               35          35           –
                                                        interest-bearing debt

                                                        Repayment of corporate bonds
22 Huatai G6               36          36           –
                                                        (excluding interest)

                                                                                                            About Us
                                                        Repayment of corporate bonds
22 Huatai G7               14          14           –
                                                        (excluding interest)

                                                      Repayment of corporate bonds
22 Huatai G8               15          15           – (excluding interest) and replenishment
                                                      of working capital

22 Huatai 10               20          20           – Replenishment of working capital

22 Huatai 11                5           5           – Replenishment of working capital


                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
22 Huatai 12               40          40           – Replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai G1               40          40           – Replenishment of working capital

                                                                                                          and Strategies
23 Huatai G2                8           8           – Replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai G3               20          20           – Replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai G4               45          45           – Replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai G5               40          40           – Replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai G6               15          15           – Replenishment of working capital




                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
23 Huatai G7               22          22           – Replenishment of working capital

                                                        40% for repayment of corporate bonds,
23 Huatai G8               17          17           –
                                                        60% for replenishment of working capital

                                                        40% for repayment of corporate bonds,
23 Huatai G9                7           7           –
                                                        60% for replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai 10               20          20           – Repayment of corporate bonds

23 Huatai Y1               25          25           – Repayment of corporate bonds

23 Huatai 11               25          25           – Replenishment of working capital




                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                                                        60% for repayment of corporate bonds,
23 Huatai 13               10          10           –
                                                        40% for replenishment of working capital

                                                        60% for repayment of corporate bonds,
                           16          16


                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
23 Huatai 14                                        –
                                                        40% for replenishment of working capital

                                                        40% for repayment of corporate bonds,
23 Huatai Y2               40          40           –
                                                        60% for replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai 15               10          10           – Replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai 16               25          25           – Replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai S3               30          30           – Replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai S4               40          40           – Replenishment of working capital

23 Huatai S5               20          20           – Replenishment of working capital




                                                                                                   255
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the Reporting Period, the utilisation of funds raised from corporate bonds non-publicly issued by the
          Company was as follows:

                                                                                          Unutilised amount
                                                                                          (balance of funds raised
                                                                                          and specific accounts
                                                                                          of funds raised as at
                                         Total amount of funds Utilised amount (actually the end of the Reporting
          Abbreviation of bond                          raised           utilised amount) Period)

          23 Huatai F2                                       28                          28 –

          23 Huatai F4                                       36                          36 –


          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not utilise raised funds for construction projects nor change
          the use of funds raised from foregoing bonds.

          According to the requirements of the Administrative Measures for Issuance and Trading of Corporate Bonds,
          in order to ensure that the utilisation of funds raised is consistent with the prospectus and to guarantee the
          legal rights of bondholders, the Company has set up a special account for the utilisation of funds raised in
          supervisory banks, which is subject to the supervision of the supervisory banks.

          The funds raised from the corporate bonds have been fully utilised, which is conformed to the purpose,
          utilisation plan and other agreements as undertaken in the prospectus. Utilisation of funds raised from
          bonds issued in prior years can be found in the prospectus for bonds and the annual report of that year.

          During the Reporting Period, there was no non-compliance use of funds raised, and no funds raised from
          corporate bonds were used in temporary replenishment of liquidity.

          During the Reporting Period, the Company non-publicly issued the 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai
          Securities (First Tranche) to professional investors, with a scale of RMB2.8 billion. The abbreviation and code
          of the bonds were “23 Huatai F2” and “253163.SH”, respectively; the Company non-publicly issued the 2023
          Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities (Second Tranche) to professional investors, with a scale of RMB3.6
          billion. The abbreviation and code of the bonds were “23 Huatai F4” and “253350.SH”, respectively. The fund
          raised from non-public issuance of corporate bonds of the Company was fully utilized to supplement
          working capital.

          5. Adjustments to the credit ratings

          During the Reporting Period, the rating agencies did not make any adjustments to the credit ratings of
          corporate bonds. Information on credit ratings of bonds in different periods can be found in the rating report
          for bonds.

          6. Implementation and Changes of Guarantees, Settlement Plan and other Settlement
          Safeguards and their Impact during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                              Any
          Current status                                                    Implementation                    change

          The existing corporate bonds of the Company are issued
                                                                            The Company strictly
          unsecured and performed the settlement plan in accordance
                                                                            performed the various
          with the covenants in the prospectus for corporate bonds.
                                                                            covenants in the prospectus
          According to the covenants in the prospectus for corporate
                                                                            in relation to the investor
          bonds, the Company has settlement safeguards in place,
                                                                            protection mechanism, paid the
          including but are not limited to setting up terms of settlement                                    No
                                                                            interest for the corporate bonds
          safeguards undertaking and relief measures for issuer,
                                                                            on time, and disclosed relevant
          formulating the Rules for Meeting of Bondholders, entrusting
                                                                            information on the Company in
          bond manager, establishing a special working group for the
                                                                            a timely manner to protect the
          settlement, strictly performing the obligations of information
                                                                            legal interest of investors.
          disclosure and setting up a special debt repayment account.




256
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
7. Other Information on Corporate Bonds

(1) Debt structure of the Company

As at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period, the interest-bearing debt balance of the Company
were RMB282.183 billion and RMB303.663 billion, respectively. During the Reporting Period, the interest-bearing
debt balance recorded a year-on-year change of 7.61%.
                                                                                                       Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB



                                                 Time to maturity

                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                                                                                                                Proportion
Type of                                                           6 months
                                                 Within 6                             More than Total amount    of amount
interest-                                                        (exclusive)
                            Overdue              months                                   1 year               to interest-
bearing debts                                                       to 1 year
                                              (inclusive)                            (exclusive)             bearing debts
                                                                 (inclusive)

Corporate
                                      –             229.17              290.21              895.81              1,415.19           46.60%
credit bonds

Bank loans                            –                   –                   –                   –                   –                   –


                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Loans from



                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
non-bank
                                      –                   –                   –                   –                   –                   –
financial
institutions

Other interest-
                                      –           1,547.00                43.17               31.27            1,621.44            53.40%
bearing debts

Total                                 –            1,776.17            333.38              927.08            3,036.63                     –




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Note: Other interest-bearing debts include placement from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and
etc.




The above interest-bearing debts exclude perpetual subordinated bonds that were included in other equity
instruments with closing principal amount of RMB25.7 billion and opening principal amount of RMB19.2 billion.

Among the corporate credit bonds of the Company in duration as at the end of the Reporting Period, the
balance of corporate bonds was RMB141.519 billion, and a total of RMB42.797 billion of corporate credit bonds
will mature or can be sold back between April to December 2024.

(2) Interest-bearing debt structure of the Group




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
As at the beginning and the end of the Reporting Period, the interest-bearing debt balance of the Group
were RMB345.986 billion and RMB385.987 billion, respectively. During the Reporting Period, the interest-
bearing debt balance recorded a year-on-year change of 11.56%.



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                257
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                 Unit: 100 million Yuan Currency: RMB

                                                           Time to maturity
                                                                                                                          Proportion
          Type of                                                           6 months
                                                           Within 6                             More than Total amount    of amount
          interest-                                                        (exclusive)
                                      Overdue              months                                   1 year               to interest-
          bearing debts                                                       to 1 year
                                                        (inclusive)                            (exclusive)             bearing debts
                                                                           (inclusive)

          Corporate
                                                –            344.24              326.05               1,168.61          1,838.90             47.64%
          credit bonds

          Bank loans                            –              114.79                   –                6.47              121.26               3.14%

          Loans from
          non-bank
                                                –                   –                   –                   –                   –                   –
          financial
          institutions

          Other interest-
                                                –           1,800.48               43.54               55.69             1,899.71            49.22%
          bearing debts

          Total                                 –           2,259.51             369.59              1,230.77           3,859.87                    –

          Note: Other interest-bearing debts include placement from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements and
          etc.



          The above interest-bearing debts exclude perpetual subordinated bonds that were included in other equity
          instruments with closing principal amount of RMB25.7 billion and opening principal amount of RMB19.2 billion.

          Among the corporate credit bonds of the issuer in duration on a consolidated basis as at the end of the
          Reporting Period, the balance of corporate bonds was RMB141.545 billion, and a total of RMB54.391 billion of
          corporate credit bonds will mature or can be sold back between April to December 2024.

          3. Offshore bonds

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of offshore bonds issued within the scope of the
          consolidated statements of the issuer was RMB42.346 billion, and the balance of offshore bonds maturing
          between April and December 2024 was RMB11.590 billion.

          4. Balance of non-operating transaction appropriation and capital placements

          As at the beginning of the Reporting Period, on a consolidated basis, receivable balance of the transaction
          appropriation to other parties that were not directly attributable to operation and the capital placements
          (the “non-operating transaction appropriation and capital placements”) of the Company was RMB281,700.

          During the Reporting Period, the addition to and the recovery of non-operating transaction appropriation
          and capital placements were RMB1,610,400 and RMB1,731,600, respectively. There was no non-compliance
          of non-operating transaction appropriation and capital placements with relevant agreements or
          commitments as set out in the prospectuses.

          As at the end of the Reporting Period, total outstanding non-operating transaction appropriation and
          capital placements amounted to RMB160,500, in which there were no appropriation to or capital placements
          with and from the controlling shareholders, de facto controllers and other related parties. On a consolidated
          basis, the Company had no outstanding non-operating transaction appropriation and capital placements.

          (III) Non-financial corporate debt financing instruments in the inter-bank bond
          market

          During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any non-financial corporate debt financing
          instruments in the inter-bank bond market.




258
                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(IV) During the Reporting Period, the Company did not record a loss in the
consolidated statements exceeding 10% of the net assets at the end of the previous
year

(V) Interest-bearing debt (other than bonds) overdue at the end of the Reporting
Period

The Company enjoyed a good reputation, and repaid matured debts and paid interests on time without
any overdue debts during the Reporting Period.


                                                                                                                           About Us
For details of the issuance and payment of interest for corporate bonds and debt financing instruments,
please refer to “II. The Issuance and Listing of Securities” under “Changes in Shares and Shareholders” in this
report and “Interest Payment for Bonds during the Reporting Period” under this section.

(VI) The Impacts of Non-compliance in Laws and Regulations, the Articles of
Association, the Management Measures for Information Disclosure and Violation of
Relevant Covenants or Undertakings in the Prospectus for Bonds on the Interests of
Bond Investors during the Reporting Period

                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
During the Reporting Period, the Company complied with laws and regulations, the Articles of Association
and the Management Measures for Information Disclosure, strictly performed its obligations of information

                                                                                                                         and Strategies
disclosure and paid the interest for the bonds on time to protect the legal interest of investors. In addition,
the Company strictly performed the relevant covenants or undertakings in the prospectus for corporate
bonds, and the usage of the proceeds was in line with the covenants in the prospectus. During the Reporting
Period, the Company did not default on the redemption and interest payment of issued bonds, and
operated stably with satisfactory earnings and there is no risk of the Company failing to make payments on
time in the future.




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
(VII) Accounting Data and Financial Indicators of the Company for the Past Two
Years up to the end of the Reporting Period

Primary indicators                                     2023                2022     Year-on-year change (%)

Net profit after extraordinary profit and
                                                 12,886,560           10,773,592                         19.61
loss

Current ratio                                           1.38                 1.40                       (1.58)

Quick ratio                                             1.38                 1.40                       (1.58)

                                                                                            Increased by 0.24
Gearing ratio (%)                                      76.05                75.81



                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                                                            percentage point

                                                                                           Increased by 0.48
EBITDA to total debt ratio (%)                          6.67                6.19
                                                                                           percentage point



                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Times interest earned                                   2.10                 2.16                       (2.73)

Times cash-interest earned                              (1.11)               7.31                         N/A

Times interest earned of EBITDA                         2.25                 2.31                       (2.70)

Loan repayment ratio (%)                                 100                 100                             -

Interest payment ratio (%)                               100                 100                             -

Note: Customer’s funds are not included in the above-mentioned indicators.



II. THE COMPANY HAD NO CONVERTIBLE CORPORATE BONDS



                                                                                                                  259
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR'S REPORT
          TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF HUATAI SECURITIES CO., LTD.
          (Incorporated in the People's Republic of China with Limited Liability)


           Opinion

          We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the "Company") and its subsidiaries
          (collectively referred to as the "Group") set out on pages 269 to 419, which comprise the consolidated statement of financial
          position as at 31 December 2023, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of profit or loss
          and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash
          flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy
          information and other explanatory information.

          In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
          Group as at 31 December 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
          then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRSs") issued by the International Accounting
          Standards Board ("IASB") and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong
          Kong Companies Ordinance.



           Basis for Opinion

          We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing ("ISAs"). Our responsibilities under those
          standards are further described in the Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
          section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
          Accountants' International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
          (the "Code"), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit
          evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.



           Key audit matters

          Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
          consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
          opinion on these matters.




262
                                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023

                                    Valuations of financial instruments classified under the fair value hierarchy as level 3


                            The Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter



The fair value of the Group's financial instruments is mainly based on           Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
active market quoted prices or valuation techniques. For level 3 financial
instruments, including debt instruments, unlisted equity investments, private    • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to
equity funds and over-the-counter derivative financial instruments, the Group    the valuation of level 3 financial instruments and testing the operating
uses valuation techniques to measure fair values.                                effectiveness of these controls;

As disclosed in Note 62 to the consolidated financial statements, as at 31       • Evaluating the appropriateness of the valuation models used by the



                                                                                                                                                                            About Us
December 2023, the fair value of the Group's level 3 financial assets and        management for level 3 financial instruments;
financial liabilities amounted to RMB24,386 million and RMB14,336 million,
respectively.                                                                    • On a sample basis, reading the investment agreements to understand the
                                                                                 relevant investment terms, identifying any conditions that were relevant to the
We identified valuation of level 3 financial instruments as a key audit matter   valuations of these financial instruments and assessing the application in the
because the amount involved was significant and the selection of valuation       valuation;
techniques and determination of unobservable inputs required significant
judgements and estimations.                                                      • Evaluating, on a sample basis, the appropriateness of the significant
                                                                                 unobservable and observable inputs which were used for measuring the fair
                                                                                 value of level 3 financial instruments;

                                                                                 • Performing independent valuations of level 3 financial instruments, on a
                                                                                 sample basis, and comparing these valuations with the Group's valuations,




                                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                 with the involvement of our valuation experts, as appropriate.




                                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                   263
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                 Measurement of expected credit losses ("ECL") for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed lendings


                                      The Key Audit Matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter



          The Group uses an expected credit loss ("ECL") model to determine the loss        Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
          allowance for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed lendings.
                                                                                            • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to the
          The management exercised significant judgements and estimations in its            measurement of ECL for margin accounts receivable and securities-backed
          assessment of ECL allowance of margin accounts receivable and securities-         lendings and testing the operating effectiveness of these controls;
          backed lendings. They included the determination of staging of the relevant
          financial assets whether the credit risk had increased significantly and credit   • Evaluating the appropriateness of the ECL model, the critical assumptions
          impairment events had occurred; the determination of key parameters               and parameters used in the model with the involvement of our internal
          used in the ECL model, including loss rate, exposure at default and forward-      experts;
          looking information for Stage 1 and 2 financial assets; the determination of
          recoverable amount in respect of Stage 3 financial assets based on value of       • Evaluating the appropriateness of the criteria for significant increase in
          collateral and repayment ability of borrowers.                                    credit risk ("SICR") and financial assets that were credit impaired determined
                                                                                            by management and, on a sample basis, testing the application of such
          As at 31 December 2023, the Group held margin accounts receivable of              criteria to individual margin accounts receivable and securities-backed
          RMB113,862 million, less impairment allowance of RMB1,521 million as disclosed    lendings;
          in Note 37 to the consolidated financial statements and securities-backed
          lendings of RMB5,496 million, less impairment allowance of RMB524 million as      • Examining the correctness of major inputs to the ECL model for selected
          disclosed in Note 30 to the consolidated financial statements.                    samples, including exposure at default and loss rate, and the mathematical
                                                                                            accuracy of the calculation of ECL;
          We identified the measurement of ECL for the Group's margin accounts
          receivable and securities-backed lendings as a key audit matter due to the        • For credit-impaired financial assets, on a sample basis, assessing the
          significance of these assets to the Group's consolidated financial statements     reasonableness of expected credit losses made by management based
          and the significant management estimations and judgments required in the          on repayment ability of borrowers, value of collateral and other credit
          measurement.                                                                      enhancements, as appropriate.




264
                                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023

                                                                Consolidation of structured entities


                             The Key Audit Matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter



The Group held interests as investor and/or acted as investment manager in           Our procedures in respect of this key audit matter included the following:
various structured entities including asset management schemes, investment
funds and partnerships. As disclosed in Note 57, as at 31 December 2023, the         • Understanding and assessing the process and key controls relating to the
total assets of the consolidated structured entities amounted to RMB94,908           consolidation of structured entities and testing the operating effectiveness of
million and the total assets of the unconsolidated structured entities               these controls;
sponsored by the Group amounted to RMB530,502 million, respectively.
                                                                                     • Selecting samples to perform the following audit procedures:



                                                                                                                                                                                About Us
The Group consolidated the structured entities which it controlled. The
principle of control sets out the following three elements of control: (a) power     - inspecting agreements relating to the structured entity and understanding
over the investee; (b) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from involvement     the purpose of its set up; assessing the appropriateness of the Group's
with the investee; and (c) the ability to use power over the investee to affect      judgement on the power the Group had over the structured entity according
the amount of the investor's returns. The Group considered its power, arising        to the Group's rights and obligations under different transaction structures
from the rights entitled directly or indirectly, over the structured entities, and   and its involvement with the structured entity;
assessed whether the combination of investments it held together with its
remuneration created exposure to variability of returns from the structured          - verifying the analysis on the Group's variable return which included, but
entities that are of such significance that it indicated the Group controlled the    was not limited to, fixed management fees and performance fees obtained
structured entities and should consolidated these structured entities.               through acting as asset manager, as well as the returns obtained from
                                                                                     holding an interest in a structured entity;
We identified the determination of consolidation scope of structured entities
as a key audit matter due to the significant judgments applied by the                - analysing the scope of the Group's decision-making power over the




                                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
management in determining whether a structured entity was required to be             structured entity, the substantive rights held by other participants, the level
consolidated by the Group and the significance of the impact arising from            of remuneration obtained from providing asset management services and
consolidating these structured entities to the Group's consolidated financial        the risk of variable return borne by holding other interests in the structured




                                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
statements as a whole.                                                               entity and, checking the Group's analysis on the magnitude and variability of
                                                                                     variable return, assessing whether the Group acts as principal or agent in the
                                                                                     structured entities;

                                                                                     - assessing the management's judgment on the consolidation of structured
                                                                                     entities through carrying out the above procedures.




                                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                       265
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Other Information

          The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
          included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor's report thereon.

          Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
          of assurance conclusion thereon.

          In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
          in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements
          or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have
          performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact.
          We have nothing to report in this regard.


          Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
          Financial Statements

          The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
          and fair view in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies
          Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated
          financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

          In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group's ability to
          continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
          basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
          alternative but to do so.

          Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group's financial reporting process.


          Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements

          Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are
          free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor's report that includes our opinion
          solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We do not assume
          responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high
          level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material
          misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in
          the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these
          consolidated financial statements.




266
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements(continued)

As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:

• Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is
higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or
the override of internal control.



                                                                                                                                            About Us
• Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are appropriate
in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group's internal control.

• Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
disclosures made by the directors.

• Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors' use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the audit
evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on
the Group's ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
attention in our auditor's report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures


                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our
auditor's report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
• Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
manner that achieves fair presentation.

• Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities within
the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision
and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   267
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Auditor's Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements(continued)

          We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
          the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
          audit.

          We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
          requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
          reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
          safeguards applied.

          From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
          significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
          matters. We describe these matters in our auditor's report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
          matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
          because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
          such communication.

          The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Eric Tong.




          Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu

          Certified Public Accountants
          Hong Kong




          28 March 2024




268
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023


ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT
                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

                                                                          (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                                                                      About Us
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                      2023                                       2022
                                                          Notes
                                                                                                                           (Restated)



Revenue

  Fee and commission income                                 4                    18,940,982                                  20,981,425

  Interest income                                           5                     14,615,232                                   13,744,117

  Net investment gains                                      6                     11,670,400                                  6,026,587

                                                                                 45,226,614                                  40,752,129




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
  Other income and gains                                    7                     7,033,807                                   6,072,243

Total revenue, gains and other income                                            52,260,421                                 46,824,372




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
  Fee and commission expenses                               8                   (4,328,290)                                 (4,745,839)

  Interest expenses                                         9                  (13,662,909)                                   (11,111,339)

  Staff costs                                              10                    (9,371,842)                                (10,051,898)

  Depreciation and amortisation expenses                    11                  (1,856,409)                                 (1,552,576)

  Tax and surcharges                                        12                    (187,664)                                    (189,971)

  Other operating expenses                                  13                  (11,644,373)                                (8,649,106)
  Impairment losses under expected credit loss model,
                                                           14
   net of reversal                                                                  410,946                                    485,349
Total expenses                                                                 (40,640,541)                                (35,815,380)




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Operating profit                                                                  11,619,880                                 11,008,992

  Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                2,584,784                                    1,219,046
Profit before income tax                                                         14,204,664                                  12,228,038
  Income tax expense                                       15                    (1,168,404)                                   (861,417)
Profit for the year                                                              13,036,260                                   11,366,621
Attributable to:

  Shareholders of the Company                                                    12,750,633                                   11,053,987

  Non-controlling interests                                                         285,627                                     312,634

                                                                                 13,036,260                                   11,366,621

Earnings per share (Expressed in Renminbi per share)       19




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
  - Basic                                                                               1.35                                          1.18

  - Diluted                                                                             1.33                                          1.16




                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 280 to 419 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                             269
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                          OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

                                                                                     (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                                       2022
                                                                             Note
                                                                                                                                      (Restated)



          Profit for the year                                                               13,036,260                                   11,366,621



          Other comprehensive income/(expense) for the year



            Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
            Equity instruments at fair value through other
             comprehensive income/(expense)
              - Net change in fair value                                                        17,759                                    (59,673)

              - Income tax impact                                                              (4,760)                                       9,838



            Items that may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
            Net loss from debt instruments at fair value through
                                                                                               106,977                                   (122,522)
             other comprehensive income
            Fair value gain on hedging instruments designated in cash
                                                                                                (3,571)                                     56,827
             flow hedges
            Share of other comprehensive income of associates and
                                                                                              (40,580)                                       18,719
             joint ventures
            Exchange differences on translation of financial statements
                                                                                               262,953                                    1,278,136
              in foreign currencies
            Income tax impact                                                                 (22,779)                                      14,624
          Other comprehensive income for the year,
                                                                              18
           net of income tax                                                                   315,999                                    1,195,949
          Total comprehensive income for the year                                           13,352,259                                  12,562,570



          Attributable to:

            Shareholders of the Company                                                     13,024,562                                  12,063,615
            Non-controlling interests                                                          327,697                                    498,955
          Total                                                                             13,352,259                                  12,562,570




          The notes on pages 280 to 419 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




270
                                                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                         FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023

                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                         2023                                       2022
                                                              Notes
                                                                                                                              (Restated)



                                                                                                                                                       About Us
Non-current assets

 Property and equipment                                        20                     6,519,710                                  6,287,383

 Investment properties                                         21                      136,284                                     217,586

 Goodwill                                                      22                    3,419,332                                   3,352,219

 Land-use rights and other intangible assets                   23                    7,515,260                                   7,439,816

 Interests in associates                                       25                   19,496,027                                  18,276,443

 Interests in joint ventures                                   26                    1,299,405                                    1,706,184




                                                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
 Debt instruments at amortised cost                            27                  45,404,582                                  36,586,707
 Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                               28                   15,207,952                                  7,900,595
  comprehensive income




                                                                                                                                                     and Strategies
 Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                               29                      124,506                                     241,587
  comprehensive income
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         31                     7,952,021                                 10,142,583

 Refundable deposits                                           32                   40,544,278                                  42,706,777

 Deferred tax assets                                           33                      702,722                                    600,473

 Other non-current assets                                      34                       311,789                                   300,664
Total non-current assets                                                           148,633,868                                 135,759,017



Current assets




                                                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
 Accounts receivable                                           35                     9,743,761                                  7,804,341
 Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets       36                    2,539,985                                   2,157,529
 Margin accounts receivable                                    37                   112,341,094                                100,648,375
 Debt instruments at amortised cost                            27                     4,712,230                                 11,965,863
 Financial assets held under resale agreements                 30                   12,460,232                                  34,824,221
 Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                               28                    1,054,048                                   2,603,784
  comprehensive income
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss         31                  405,127,363                                 340,661,962
 Derivative financial assets                                   38                    16,259,881                                  15,788,301

 Clearing settlement funds                                     39                    9,129,266                                   8,716,506

 Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                      40                   137,210,295                                140,460,346




                                                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
 Cash and bank balances                                        41                  46,296,366                                   45,180,745
Total current assets                                                               756,874,521                                  710,811,973
Total assets                                                                      905,508,389                                 846,570,990




                                                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                              271
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                                               FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
                                                                         AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023

                                                                                             (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                         2023                                       2022
                                                                              Notes
                                                                                                                                              (Restated)



          Current liabilities

            Short-term bank loans                                              43                    11,478,573                                  7,997,434

            Short-term debt instruments issued                                 44                   25,475,507                                  25,772,604

            Placements from other financial institutions                       45                   39,536,527                                  25,877,713

            Accounts payable to brokerage clients                              46                  144,701,360                                 152,551,723

            Employee benefits payable                                          47                     4,151,439                                  5,304,177

            Other payables and accruals                                        48                  113,884,799                                 108,096,572

            Contract liabilities                                               49                      177,500                                     218,943

            Current tax liabilities                                                                    493,520                                    524,997

            Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                  50                  144,056,149                                  144,117,998

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         51                    43,710,135                                 43,005,621

            Derivative financial liabilities                                   38                   16,848,878                                   9,638,125

            Long-term bonds due within one year                                52                  44,803,489                                  29,062,749

          Total current liabilities                                                                589,317,876                                552,168,656

          Net current assets                                                                       167,556,645                                 158,643,317

          Total assets less current liabilities                                                     316,190,513                               294,402,334



          Non-current liabilities

            Derivative financial liabilities                                   38                       32,763                                           -

            Long-term bonds                                                    53                    115,012,512                               110,356,589

            Long-term bank loans                                               54                      647,052                                    804,903

            Non-current employee benefits payable                              47                    6,431,780                                  6,588,448

            Deferred tax liabilities                                           33                    1,960,663                                   2,199,928

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss         51                     8,961,031                                 5,569,938

            Other payables and accruals                                        48                      927,280                                    1,025,918

          Total non-current liabilities                                                             133,973,081                                126,545,724

          Net assets                                                                                182,217,432                                167,856,610




272
                                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF
                               FINANCIAL POSITION (continued)
                                                        AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023

                                                                            (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                         2023                                      2022
                                                             Note
                                                                                                                             (Restated)



                                                                                                                                                      About Us
Equity

 Share capital                                                55                    9,074,663                                  9,075,589

 Other equity instruments                                     55                   25,700,000                                  19,200,000

 Treasury shares                                              55                    (1,064,173)                                (1,202,324)

 Reserves                                                     55                   102,967,146                                100,092,751

 Retained profits                                             55                    42,430,731                                37,929,086

 Total equity attributable to shareholders of the Company                          179,108,367                                165,095,102

 Non-controlling interests                                                           3,109,065                                  2,761,508




                                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Total equity                                                                       182,217,432                                167,856,610




                                                                                                                                                    and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection


The notes on pages 280 to 419 form part of these consolidated financial statements.

Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 March 2024.




Zhang Wei                                                                        Wang Bing

Chairman of the Board,Director                                                   Director




                                                                                                                                             273
274




                                                     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY                                                                                                                                          HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
                                                                                                                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                   Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                   Reserves
                                                                                                                                           Cash flow                                                             Non-
                                            Share    Other equity    Treasury       Capital      Surplus       General        Fair value     hedges        Translation        Retained                     controlling
                                           capital   instruments       shares       reserve      reserve       reserve          reserve      reserve          reserve           profits          Total       interests    Total equity
                                         (Note 55)      (Note 55)   (Note 55)      (Note 55)    (Note 55)     (Note 55)       (Note 55)     (Note 38)        (Note 55)        (Note 55)



      As at 1 January 2023               9,075,589     19,200,000   (1,202,324)   70,482,059    7,790,909     21,024,438         84,554          42,643        666,033       37,923,300     165,087,201      2,761,508     167,848,709

      Adjustments (Note 2)                       -              -            -             -          419          1,696               -              -              -            5,786           7,901              -           7,901

      As at 1 January 2023(restated)     9,075,589     19,200,000   (1,202,324)   70,482,059     7,791,328    21,026,134         84,554          42,643        666,033       37,929,086     165,095,102      2,761,508     167,856,610

      Changes in equity for 2023

      Profit for the year                        -              -            -             -            -             -                -              -              -       12,750,633      12,750,633       285,627       13,036,260

      Other comprehensive income /
       (expense) for the year                    -              -            -             -            -             -           56,617         (3,571)       220,883                -        273,929          42,070         315,999

      Total comprehensive income /
        (expense) for the year                   -              -            -             -            -             -           56,617         (3,571)       220,883       12,750,633      13,024,562        327,697      13,352,259

      Issue of perpetual subordinated
        bonds                                    -      6,500,000            -       (4,087)            -             -                -              -              -                -       6,495,913              -       6,495,913

      Acquisition of non-controlling
                                                 -              -            -          2,161           -             -                -              -              -                -            2,161       (7,534)         (5,373)
       interests

      Equity-settled share-based
                                                 -              -       130,514      149,947            -             -                -              -              -                -        280,461          35,029         315,490
        payments

      Appropriation to surplus reserve           -              -            -             -    1,046,672             -                -              -              -       (1,046,672)              -              -               -

      Appropriation to general reserve           -              -            -             -            -      2,432,201               -              -              -       (2,432,201)              -              -               -

      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                 -              -            -             -            -             -                -              -              -      (4,063,223)    (4,063,223)         (51,810)     (4,115,033)
        shareholders for the year

      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                 -              -            -             -            -             -                -              -              -        (705,430)      (705,430)               -      (705,430)
        subordinated bonds

      Other comprehensive income
       that has been reclassified to             -              -            -             -            -             -            1,462              -              -           (1,462)              -              -               -
       retained profits

      Others                                 (926)              -        7,637    (1,027,890)           -             -                -              -              -                -      (1,021,179)        44,175      (977,004)

      As at 31 December 2023             9,074,663     25,700,000   (1,064,173)   69,602,190    8,838,000    23,458,335          142,633         39,072        886,916       42,430,731     179,108,367      3,109,065      182,217,432
                                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
                                                                                                                                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                                                             Attributable to shareholders of the Company

                                                                                                                              Reserves
                                                                                                                                                       Cash flow                                                              Non-
                                                            Other equity    Treasury           Capital      Surplus      General         Fair value      hedges       Translation          Retained                     controlling
                                          Share capital     instruments       shares           reserve      reserve      reserve           reserve       reserve         reserve             profits           Total      interests    Total equity
                                              (Note 55)        (Note 55)    (Note 55)        (Note 55)     (Note 55)     (Note 55)       (Note 55)      (Note 38)       (Note 55)          (Note 55)



      As at 1 January 2022                    9,076,650        9,996,425    (1,231,547)      70,562,359    6,569,922     18,106,044         223,143        (14,184)      (425,781)        35,559,779      148,422,810      3,612,974    152,035,784

      Adjustments (Note 2)                             -               -             -                -         466           1,446               -              -               -             4,698            6,610             -            6,610

      As at 1 January 2022(restated)          9,076,650        9,996,425    (1,231,547)      70,562,359    6,570,388     18,107,490         223,143        (14,184)      (425,781)        35,564,477     148,429,420       3,612,974    152,042,394

      Changes in equity for 2022

      Profit for the year                              -               -             -                -            -             -                -              -               -         11,053,987      11,053,987       312,634       11,366,621

      Other comprehensive income /
       (expense) for the year                          -               -             -                -            -             -         (139,013)       56,827         1,091,814                -       1,009,628         186,321       1,195,949

      Total comprehensive income /
        (expense) for the year                         -               -             -                -            -             -         (139,013)       56,827         1,091,814        11,053,987      12,063,615      498,955       12,562,570

      Issue of perpetual subordinated
        bonds                                          -       9,200,000             -          (2,627)            -             -                -              -               -                 -        9,197,373             -        9,197,373

      Acquisition of non-controlling
       interests                                       -               -             -        (182,476)            -             -                -              -               -                 -       (182,476)     (1,407,524)     (1,590,000)

      Equity-settled share-based
                                                       -               -        19,992         208,953             -             -                -              -               -                 -        228,945          37,706         266,651
        payments

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                 -               -             -                -    1,220,940             -                -              -               -        (1,220,940)              -              -               -

      Appropriation to general reserve                 -               -             -                -            -     2,918,644                -              -               -        (2,918,644)              -              -               -

      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                       -               -             -                -            -             -                -              -               -        (4,063,640)    (4,063,640)              -     (4,063,640)
        shareholders for the year

      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                       -               -             -                -            -             -                -              -               -         (485,730)       (485,730)              -       (485,730)
        subordinated bonds

        Other comprehensive income
         that has been reclassified to                 -               -             -                -            -             -              424              -               -             (424)               -              -               -
         retained profits

      Others                                      (1,061)          3,575          9,231        (104,150)           -             -                -              -               -                 -        (92,405)          19,397       (73,008)

      As at 31 December 2022                  9,075,589        19,200,000   (1,202,324)      70,482,059     7,791,328    21,026,134         84,554         42,643         666,033         37,929,086     165,095,102       2,761,508     167,856,610



      The notes on pages 280 to 419 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




275
                                         Financial Report and                                                                         Operating Analysis
                                                                                          Corporate Governance                                                                              About Us                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                       Documents for Inspection                                                                        and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

                                                                                       (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                Note               2023                                       2022



          Cash flows from operating activities:

            Profit before income tax                                                          14,204,664                                  12,228,038

            Adjustments for:

            Interest expenses                                                                 13,662,909                                    11,111,339

            Share of profit of associates and joint ventures                                 (2,584,784)                                  (1,219,046)

            Depreciation and amortisation expenses                                             1,856,409                                   1,552,576
            Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of
                                                                                               (410,946)                                  (485,349)
              reversal
            Expenses recognised from equity-settled share-based payment                          184,975                                    249,094

            Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                           (2,019)                                     (2,161)

            Foreign exchange gains                                                             (669,375)                                  (628,245)
            Dividend income and interest income from financial assets
             through other comprehensive income and debt instruments at                      (1,907,369)                                  (1,412,606)
             amortised cost
            Net losses arising from derecognition of financial assets at fair
                                                                                                  80,389                                     197,789
             value through other comprehensive income
            Net gains arising from derecognition of debt instruments at
                                                                                                       -                                        (92)
             amortised cost
            Net gains arising from other investments                                             (10,173)                                           -

            Net gains arising from acquisition of investment in an associate                   (239,728)                                   (151,563)

            Net losses arising from disposal of investment in an associate                             -                                        528
            Unrealised fair value changes in financial instruments at fair
                                                                                             (7,493,050)                                   8,175,234
             value through profit or loss
            Unrealised fair value changes in derivatives                                       6,788,150                                 (1,820,649)




276
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS(continued)
                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

                                                                         (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                  Note               2023                                       2022



Cash flows from operating activities (continued):

 Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                       23,460,052                                  27,794,887


                                                                                                                                                   About Us
 Decrease/ (increase) in refundable deposits                                     2,162,499                                (15,079,648)

 (Increase)/ decrease in margin accounts receivable                            (11,687,710)                                 16,681,508
 (Increase)/ decrease in accounts receivable, other receivables
                                                                               (2,407,309)                                    1,713,525
   and prepayments
 Decrease/ (increase) in financial assets held under resale
                                                                                 3,566,747                                  (644,556)
  agreements
 (Increase)/ decrease in financial instruments at fair value
                                                                               (48,987,181)                                 13,843,160
   through profit or loss
 Decrease/ (increase) in restricted bank deposits                                  771,438                                   (410,003)

 Decrease in cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                            3,250,051                                   3,237,552




                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
 (Decrease)/ increase in accounts payable to brokerage clients                 (7,850,363)                                  5,049,890

 Increase in other payables and accruals                                         5,855,964                                    1,172,997

 Decrease in employee benefits payable                                           (1,311,734)                                 (922,312)



                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
 (Decrease)/ increase in financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                                                  (61,849)                                  13,407,997
  agreements
 Increase in placements from other financial institutions                       13,646,948                                   11,847,252

 Cash (used in) / generated from operations                                   (19,592,447)                                  77,692,249

 Income taxes paid                                                              (1,533,277)                                (1,906,305)

 Interest paid                                                                 (7,349,829)                                 (5,495,377)

 Net cash (used in) / generated from operating activities                     (28,475,553)                                 70,290,567




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                          277
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS(continued)
                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

                                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                               Note               2023                                        2022



          Cash flows from investing activities

            Proceeds on disposal of property and equipment                                       50,428                                      23,563

            Dividends received from associates                                                1,656,232                                    1,513,199
            Dividend income and interest income from financial assets
              through other comprehensive income and debt instruments at                      1,854,296                                   1,269,369
              amortised cost
            Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value through
                                                                                              8,575,782                                   7,539,834
              other comprehensive income
            Proceeds from disposal of debt instruments at amortised cost                      17,081,000                                 18,766,877
            Purchase of property and equipment, investment properties,
                                                                                            (1,676,304)                                  (1,431,835)
              other intangible assets and other non-current assets
            Payment made on acquisition of a subsidiary, net of cash
                                                                                                      -                                  (288,673)
              acquired
            Acquisition of interests in associates                                           (1,380,177)                                 (405,728)

            Divestments of associates and joint ventures                                        347,575                                     164,431

            Purchase of debt instruments at amortised cost                                 (18,729,293)                                (34,728,283)
            Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other
              comprehensive income                                                         (14,044,006)                                  (9,137,754)

            Net cash used in from investing activities                                      (6,264,467)                                 (16,715,000)




278
                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS(continued)
                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023

                                                                              (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)


                                                                                     Year ended 31 December

                                                                Note                      2023                                        2022



Cash flows from financing activities:

 Proceeds from issuance of short-term debt instruments                              43,556,056                                   50,182,816


                                                                                                                                                         About Us
 Proceeds from issuance of long-term bonds                                           48,241,623                                  40,125,807

 Proceeds from issuance of perpetual bonds                                            6,495,913                                   9,197,373

 Proceeds from bank loans                                                             11,377,260                                  8,753,624

 Repayment of bank loans                                                             (8,124,312)                                (9,210,440)

  Repayment of debt securities issued                                              (67,858,553)                                 (113,178,717)

  Short-term bank loans interest paid                                                (545,002)                                     (113,531)

  Long-term bank loans interest paid                                                   (53,487)                                    (39,067)

  Short-term debt instruments interest paid                                         (5,330,291)                                   (914,870)




                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
  Long-term bonds interest paid                                                      (4,362,411)                                 (4,877,102)

  Dividends paid                                                                    (4,769,463)                                 (4,455,564)

  Payment of lease liabilities                                                        (662,201)                                  (568,238)




                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
  Payment on repurchase and cancellation of shares                                      (7,637)                                     (9,230)

  Acquisition of partial interest of a subsidiary                                       (5,373)                                 (1,590,000)

  Cash received from Restricted Share Incentive Scheme                                    9,670                                            -

  Net cash generated from / (used in) financing activities      42(b)                 17,961,792                               (26,697,139)

  Net (decrease) / increase in cash and cash equivalents                           (16,778,228)                                 26,878,428

  Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                            75,549,060                                   45,901,362

  Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                             1,059,497                                   2,769,270

  Total cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year        42(a)                59,830,329                                 75,549,060




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




The notes on pages 280 to 419 form part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                                                279
 HUATAI SECURITIES




             NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2023
                                                                                      (Expressed in thousands of Renminbi, unless otherwise stated)



          1 General information

          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (the "Company"), formerly known as Jiangsu Securities Company, was approved by the People's
          Bank of China ("PBOC"), and registered with the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Jiangsu Province on 9 April
          1991, with a registered capital of RMB10 million. The Company was renamed as Huatai Securities Limited Liability Company
          on 21 December 1999 and then renamed as Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 7 December 2007 as a result of the conversion into
          a joint stock limited liability company.

          The Company publicly issued RMB784,561,275 ordinary shares (the "A shares") in February 2010, and was listed on the
          Shanghai Stock Exchange on 26 February 2010.

          In June 2015, the Company issued RMB1,562,768,800 H shares, which were listed on the main board of The Stock Exchange of
          Hong Kong Limited (the "Hong Kong Stock Exchange").

          In August 2018, the Company completed the non-public issuance of 1,088,731,200 RMB-denominated ordinary shares (A
          Shares) by way of "Non-Public Issuance to Specific Investors".

          In June 2019, the Company issued 82,515,000 Global Deposits Receipts (the "GDRs"), representing 825,150,000 new A shares,
          and was listed on the London Stock Exchange plc (the "London Stock Exchange").

          In September 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares.

          In September 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A Shares.

          As at 31 December 2023, the Company's registered capital was RMB9,074,663,335 and the Company has a total of
          9,074,663,335 issued shares of RMB1 each.

          As at 31 December 2023, the Company has 28 branches and 242 securities business offices. Please refer to Note 24 for
          details of subsidiaries of the Company.

          The Company and its subsidiaries (the "Group") are principally engaged in securities business, securities underwriting
          and sponsorship, securities investment advisory, asset management, agency sale of financial products, intermediary
          introduction business for the futures companies, agency sale and custody of securities investment fund, mutual fund
          management, direct investment business, alternative investment business, futures brokerage business and other business
          activities as approved by the China Securities Regulatory Commission (the "CSRC").



          2 Material accounting policy information

          (1) Statement of compliance

          The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards
          ("IFRSs") issued by the International Accounting Standards Board ("IASB"). In addition, the consolidated financial statements
          include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
          Kong Limited ("Listing Rules") and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. A summary of the material accounting policy
          information adopted by the Group are set out below.


          (2) Application of new and amendments to IFRSs

          New and amendments to IFRSs that are mandatorily effective for the current year
          In the current year, the Group has applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs issued by IASB for the first time,
          which are mandatorily effective for the Group's annual period beginning on 1 January 2023 for the preparation of the
          consolidated financial statements:




280
                                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
IFRS 17 (including the June 2020                        Insurance Contracts
 and December 2021 Amendments
 to IFRS 17)

Amendments to IAS 8                                     Definition of Accounting Estimates

Amendments to IAS 12                                    Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction

Amendments to IAS 12                                    International Tax Reform-Pillar Two model Rules

Amendments to IAS 1 and IFRS                            Disclosure of Accounting Policies
 Practice Statement 2

                                                                                                                                                              About Us
Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities
arising from a Single Transaction

The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. The amendments narrow the scope of the
recognition exemption of deferred tax liabilities and deferred tax assets in paragraphs 15 and 24 of IAS 12 Income Taxes
so that it no longer applies to transactions that, on initial recognition, give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary
differences.




                                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
In accordance with the transition provision:

- the Group has applied the new accounting policy retrospectively to leasing transactions that occurred on or after 1



                                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
January 2022;

- the Group also, as at 1 January 2022, recognised a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit
will be available against which the deductible temporary difference can be utilised) and a deferred tax liability for all
deductible and taxable temporary difference associated with right-of-use-assets and lease liabilities.

The effects of the changes in accounting policy as a result of application of amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to
Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction on the consolidated statement of profit or loss are as follows, the
application of the amendment has had no impact on the Group's other comprehensive income and cash flow statement,




                                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
and earnings per share was unchanged.



                                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                  2023                                     2022



Impact on profit for the period                                                                    1,763                                   (1,291)

Net increase / (decrease) in income tax expense                                                  (1,763)                                     1,291

Net (decrease) / increase in profit for the period

(Decrease) / increase in profit for the period attributable to:                                  (1,763)                                     1,291

 Shareholders of the Company                                                                          -                                         -




                                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
 Non-controlling interests                                                                       (1,763)                                     1,291




                                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
The effects of the changes in accounting policy as a result of application of amendments to IAS 12 Deferred Tax related to
Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction on the consolidated statement of financial position at the end of the
immediately preceding financial year, i.e. 31 December 2022, and the beginning of the comparative period, i.e. 1 January
2022, are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                     281
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                As at 31                                          As at 31
                                                                      December 2022                                        December 2022
                                                                    (Originally stated)             Adjustments                (Restated)



          Deferred tax assets                                                  596,499                     3,974                   600,473

          Deferred tax liabilities                                            2,203,855                  (3,927)                 2,199,928

          Total effects on net assets                                        (1,607,356)                   7,901                (1,599,455)



          Reserves                                                          100,090,636                     2,115               100,092,751

          Retained profits                                                   37,923,300                   5,786                 37,929,086

          Total effects on equity                                           138,013,936                    7,901                138,021,837




                                                                                 As at 1                                           As at 1
                                                                         January 2022                                        January 2022
                                                                    (Originally stated)             Adjustments                (Restated)



          Deferred tax assets                                                   654,651                   6,689                    661,340

          Deferred tax liabilities                                              2,619,161                      79                2,619,240

          Total effects on net assets                                        (1,964,510)                   6,610                (1,957,900)



          Reserves                                                           95,021,503                     1,912               95,023,415

          Retained profits                                                   35,559,779                   4,698                 35,564,477

          Total effects on equity                                            130,581,282                   6,610               130,587,892




          Impacts on application of Amendments to IAS 12 Income Taxes International Tax Reform- Pillar
          Two model Rules

          The Group has applied the amendments for the first time in the current year. IAS 12 is amended to add the exception to
          recognising and disclosing information about deferred tax assets and liabilities that are related to tax law enacted or
          substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation
          and Development (the "Pillar Two legislation"). The amendments require that entities apply the amendments immediately
          upon issuance and retrospectively. The amendments also require that entities to disclose separately its current tax
          expense/income related to Pillar Two income taxes in periods which the Pillar Two legislation is in effect, and the qualitative
          and quantitative information about its exposure to Pillar Two income taxes in periods in which the Pillar Two legislation is
          enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in effect in annual reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2023.

          The Group has applied the temporary exception immediately upon issue of these amendments and retrospectively,
          i.e. applying the exception from the date Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted. The qualitative and
          quantitative information about the Group's exposure to Pillar Two income taxes is set out in Note 15.

          Except as described above, the application of other new IFRSs and amendments to IFRSs in the current year has had no
          material impact on the Group's consolidated financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on
          the disclosures set out in these consolidated financial statements.


          Amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective

          The Group has not early applied the following amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are not yet effective:

          Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor
                                                     and its Associate or Joint Venture1

          Amendments to IFRS 16                     Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback2

          Amendments to IAS 1                       Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current2

          Amendments to IAS 1                       Non-current Liabilities with Covenants2

          Amendments to IAS 7 and IFRS 7            Supplier Finance Arrangements2




282
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Amendments to IAS 21                        Lack of Exchangeability3

1
    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.

2
    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2024.

3
    Effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2025.

The directors of the Company anticipate that the application of all the above amendments to IFRSs will have no material
impact on the consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.


(3) Basis of preparation of the consolidated financial statements

The consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except that the following assets and
                                                                                                                                               About Us
liabilities are measured at their fair value: financial derivatives, non-derivative financial assets and liabilities at fair value
through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. The methods used to measure fair
value are discussed further in Note 2(8).

The consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi ("RMB"), which is the functional currency of the Company.
All financial information presented in RMB has been rounded to the nearest thousand, except when otherwise indicated. The
Group translates the consolidated financial statements of subsidiaries from their respective functional currencies into the



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Group's functional currency if the subsidiaries' functional currencies are not the same as that of the Group.

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with IFRSs requires management to make judgments,



                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
estimates and assumptions that affect the application of accounting policies and reported amounts of assets, liabilities,
income and expenses. Actual results may differ from these estimates.

The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting estimates are
recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods affected.

Judgments made by management in the application of IFRSs that have significant effect on the consolidated financial
statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in Note 2(29).




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
(4) Basis of consolidation

(i) Business combinations

The Group accounts for business combinations using the acquisition method when the acquired set of activities and
assets meets the definition of a business and control is transferred to the Group (see Note 2(4)(ii)). In determining whether
a particular set of activities and assets is a business, the Group assesses whether the set of assets and activities acquired
includes, at a minimum, an input and substantive process and whether the acquired set has the ability to produce outputs.

The Group has an option to apply a 'concentration test' that permits a simplified assessment of whether an acquired set of
activities and assets is not a business. The optional concentration test is met if substantially all of the fair value of the gross
assets acquired is concentrated in a single identifiable asset or group of similar identifiable assets.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
(ii) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed, or has rights, to variable




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the entity. When
assessing whether the Group has power, only substantive rights (held by the Group and other parties) are considered.

An investment in a subsidiary is consolidated into the consolidated financial statements from the date that control
commences until the date that control ceases. Intra-group balances, transactions and cash flows and any unrealised
gains arising from intra-group transactions are eliminated in full in preparing the consolidated financial statements.
Unrealised losses resulting from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains but only to
the extent that there is no evidence of impairment.

Non-controlling interests represent the equity in a subsidiary not attributable directly or indirectly to the Company, and in
respect of which the Group has not agreed any additional terms with the holders of those interests which would result in
the Group as a whole having a contractual obligation in respect of those interests that meet the definition of a financial
liability.




                                                                                                                                      283
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Non-controlling interests are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from
          equity attributable to the shareholders of the Company. Non-controlling interests in the results of the Group are presented
          on the face of the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
          comprehensive income as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the reporting period
          between non-controlling interests and the shareholders of the Company.

          Changes in the Group's interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as equity
          transactions, whereby adjustments are made to the amounts of controlling and non-controlling interests within
          consolidated equity to reflect the change in relative interests, but no adjustments are made to goodwill and no gain or loss
          is recognised.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that subsidiary, with
          a resulting gain or loss being recognised in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary at the date when
          control is lost is recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial
          asset (see Note 2(8)) or, when appropriate, the cost on initial recognition of an investment in an associate or joint venture
          (see Note 2(4)(iii)).

          In the Company's statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less impairment losses (see
          Note 2(15)), unless the investment is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for
          sale).

          (iii) Associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity in which the Group or Company has significant influence, but not control or joint control, over its
          management, including participation in the financial and operating policy decisions.

          A joint venture is an arrangement whereby the Group or Company and other parties contractually agree to share control of
          the arrangement, and have rights to the net assets of the arrangement.

          Investment in an associate or a joint venture is accounted for in the consolidated financial statements under the equity
          method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is classified as held for sale) or applied
          the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and measured the investment at fair value
          through profit or loss. Under the equity method, the investment is initially recorded at cost, adjusted for any excess of the
          Group's share of the acquisition-date fair value of the investee's identifiable net assets over the cost of the investment (if
          any). Thereafter, the investment is adjusted for the post acquisition change in the Group's share of the investee's net assets
          and any impairment loss relating to the investment (see Note 2(15)). Any acquisition-date excess over cost, the Group's
          share of the post-acquisition, post-tax results of the investees and any impairment losses for the year are recognised
          in profit or loss, whereas the Group's share of the post-acquisition post-tax items of the investees' other comprehensive
          income is recognised in other comprehensive income.

          When the Group's share of losses exceeds its interest in the associate or the joint venture, the Group's interest is reduced to
          nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred legal or constructive
          obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group's interest is the carrying amount of
          the investment under the equity method together with the Group's long-term interests that in substance form part of the
          Group's net investment in the associate or the joint venture.

          Unrealised profits and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates and joint venture are
          eliminated to the extent of the Group's interest in the investee, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an
          impairment of the asset transferred, in which case they are recognised immediately in profit or loss.

          If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, retained interest is not remeasured.
          Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method.

          When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is held by, or is held indirectly through, an entity that is a venture
          capital organisation, or a mutual fund and similar entities, such investment is measured at fair value through profit or loss
          in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position.

          In all other cases, when the Group ceases to have significant influence over an associate or joint control over a joint
          venture, it is accounted for as a disposal of the entire interest in that investee, with a resulting gain or loss being recognised
          in profit or loss. Any interest retained in that former investee at the date when significant influence or joint control is lost is




284
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
recognised at fair value and this amount is regarded as the fair value on initial recognition of a financial asset (see Note
2(8)).

In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in associates and joint venture of the Company are
accounted for using the equity method, unless it is classified as held for sale (or included in a disposal group that is
classified as held for sale) or applied the exemption from the requirement to apply equity accounting method and
measured the investment at fair value through profit or loss.


(5) Goodwill

Goodwill represents the excess of:

(i) the aggregate of the fair value of the consideration transferred, the amount of any non-controlling interest in the                  About Us
acquiree and the fair value of the Group's previously held equity interest in the acquiree; over

(ii) the net fair value of the acquiree's identifiable assets and liabilities measured as at the acquisition date.

When (ii) is greater than (i), then this excess is recognised immediately in profit or loss as a gain on a bargain purchase.

Goodwill is stated at cost less accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill arising on a business combination is allocated to
each cash-generating unit ("CGU"), or groups of CGUs, that is expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
and is tested annually for impairment (see Note 2(15)).

On disposal of a CGU during the year, any attributable amount of purchased goodwill is included in the calculation of the



                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
profit or loss on disposal.


(6) Foreign currency

When the Group receives capital in foreign currencies from investors, the capital is translated to RMB at the spot exchange
rate on the date of receipt. Other foreign currency transactions are, on initial recognition, translated to RMB at the spot
exchange rates or the rates that approximate the spot exchange rates on the dates of the transactions.

A spot exchange rate is an exchange rate quoted by the PBOC, the State Administrative of Foreign Exchange or a cross rate




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
determined based on quoted exchange rates. A rate that approximates the spot exchange rate is a rate determined under
a systematic and rational method, normally the average exchange rate of the current period.

Monetary items denominated in foreign currencies are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of the
reporting period. The resulting exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss, except for exchange differences
on monetary items receivable from or payable to a foreign operation for which settlement is neither planned nor likely
to occur (therefore forming part of the net investment in the foreign operation), which are recognised initially in other
comprehensive income and reclassified from equity to profit or loss on disposal or partial disposal of the Group's interests
in associates/joint ventures.

Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are measured at historical cost are translated to RMB using




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
the foreign exchange rate at the transaction date. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign currencies that are
measured at fair value are translated using the foreign exchange rate at the date the fair value is determined; the resulting
exchange differences are recognised in profit or loss, except for the differences arising from the translation of equity




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
securities investment designated as at fair value through other comprehensive income (FVOCI) (except on impairment,
in which case foreign currency differences that have been recognised in other comprehensive income are reclassified to
profit or loss), which are recognised as OCI in reserve.

The assets and liabilities of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rate at the end of reporting
period. The equity items, excluding "retained profits", are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates at the transaction
dates. The income and expenses of foreign operation are translated to RMB at the spot exchange rates or the rates that
approximate the spot exchange rates at the transaction dates. The resulting translation differences are recognised in other
comprehensive income, and presented in the foreign currency translation reserve (translation reserve) in equity. Upon
disposal of a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the translation differences recognised in shareholders' equity
which relates to that foreign operation is transferred to profit or loss in the period in which the disposal occurs.




                                                                                                                                285
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (7) Cash and cash equivalents

          Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand, demand deposits, short term deposits, and short-term, highly liquid
          investments, which are readily convertible into known amounts of cash and are subject to insignificant risk of change in
          value.


          (8) Financial instruments

          (i) Recognition and initial measurement

          Financial instruments are recognised/derecognised on the date the Group commits to purchase/sell the investment.
          Financial instruments are initially stated at fair value plus directly attributable transaction costs, except for those
          investments measured at fair value through profit or loss (FVTPL) for which transaction costs are recognised directly in
          profit or loss. For an explanation of how the Group determines fair value of financial instruments, see Note 2(8)(iv). Financial
          instruments are subsequently accounted for as follows, depending on their classification.

          (ii) Classification and subsequent measurement

          On initial recognition, a financial asset is classified as measured at: amortised cost; FVOCI; or FVTPL.

          Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its business model for
          managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on the first day of the first reporting
          period following the change in the business model.

          A financial asset is measured at amortised cost if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at
          FVTPL:

          - it is held within a business model whose objective is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows; and

          - its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
          principal amount outstanding.

          A debt instruments is measured at FVOCI if it meets both of the following conditions and is not designated as at FVTPL:

          - it is held within a business model whose objective is achieved by both collecting contractual cash flows and selling
          financial assets; and

          - its contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest on the
          principal amount outstanding.

          On initial recognition of an equity investment that is not held for trading, the Group may irrevocably elect to present
          subsequent changes in the investment's fair value in OCI. This election is made on an investment-by-investment basis.

          All financial assets not classified as measured at amortised cost or FVOCI as described above are measured at FVTPL.
          This includes all derivative financial assets. On initial recognition, the Group may irrevocably designate a financial asset
          that otherwise meets the requirements to be measured at amortised cost or at FVOCI as at FVTPL if doing so eliminates or
          significantly reduces an accounting mismatch that would otherwise arise.

          Financial assets - Business model assessment

          The Group makes an assessment of the objective of the business model in which a financial asset is held at a portfolio level
          because this best reflects the way the business is managed and information is provided to management.

          Transfers of financial assets to third parties in transactions that do not qualify for derecognition are not considered sales for
          this purpose, consistent with the Group's continuing recognition of the assets.

          Financial assets that are held for trading or are managed and whose performance is evaluated on a fair value basis are
          measured at FVTPL.

          Financial assets - Assessment whether contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest

          For the purposes of this assessment, 'principal' is defined as the fair value of the financial asset on initial recognition.
          'Interest' is defined as consideration for the time value of money and for the credit risk associated with the principal




286
                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
amount outstanding during a particular period of time and for other basic lending risks and costs (e.g. liquidity risk and
administrative costs), as well as a profit margin.

In assessing whether the contractual cash flows are solely payments of principal and interest, the Group considers the
contractual terms of the instrument. This includes assessing whether the financial asset contains a contractual term that
could change the timing or amount of contractual cash flows such that it would not meet this condition. In making this
assessment, the Group considers:

- contingent events that would change the amount or timing of cash flows;

- terms that may adjust the contractual coupon rate, including variable-rate features;


                                                                                                                                                                   About Us
- prepayment and extension features; and

- terms that limit the Group's claim to cash flows from specified assets (e.g. non-recourse features).

A prepayment feature is consistent with the solely payments of principal and interest criterion if the prepayment amount
substantially represents unpaid amounts of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding, which may include
reasonable additional compensation for early termination of the contract. Additionally, for a financial asset acquired at
a discount or premium to its contractual paramount, a feature that permits or requires prepayment at an amount that
substantially represents the contractual par amount plus accrued (but unpaid) contractual interest (which may also



                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
include reasonable additional compensation for early termination) is treated as consistent with this criterion if the fair value
of the prepayment feature is insignificant at initial recognition.




                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Financial assets - Subsequent measurement and gains and losses



Financial assets at FVTPL                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Net gains and losses, including any interest or
                                             dividend income, are recognised in profit or loss.

Financial assets at amortised cost           These assets are subsequently measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. The
                                             amortised cost is reduced by impairment losses. Interest income, foreign exchange gains and losses
                                             and impairment are recognised in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is recognised in profit
                                             or loss.




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Debt instruments at FVOCI                    These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Interest income calculated using the effective
                                             interest method, foreign exchange gains and losses and impairment are recognised in profit or loss.
                                             Other net gains and losses are recognised in OCI. On derecognition, gains and losses accumulated in
                                             OCI are reclassified to profit or loss.

Equity investments at FVOCI                  These assets are subsequently measured at fair value. Dividends are recognised as income in profit or
                                             loss unless the dividend clearly represents a recovery of part of the cost of the investment. Other net
                                             gains and losses are recognised in OCI and are never reclassified to profit or loss.




Financial liabilities - Classification, subsequent measurement and gains and losses

Financial liabilities are classified as measured at amortised cost or FVTPL. A financial liability is classified as at FVTPL if it is
classified as held-for-trading, it is a derivative or it is designated as such on initial recognition. Financial liabilities at FVTPL




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
are measured at fair value and net gains and losses, including any interest expense, are recognised in profit or loss. The fair
value change of a financial liability designated at FVTPL that is attributable to changes of that financial liability's credit risk
is to be recognised in OCI (without reclassification to profit or loss). Other financial liabilities are subsequently measured at




                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense and foreign exchange gains and losses are recognised
in profit or loss. Any gain or loss on derecognition is also recognised in profit or loss.

(iii) Impairment

The Group recognises loss allowances for Expected Credit Losses (ECLs) on:

- financial assets measured at amortised cost;

- debt instruments measured at FVOCI;

- financial guarantee contracts;

- contract assets;and

- lease receivables.




                                                                                                                                                          287
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Debt instruments at fair value, FVTPL and equity securities designated at FVOCI (non-recycling), are not subject to the ECL
          assessment.

          Measurement of ECLs

          ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Credit losses are measured as the present value of all cash
          shortfalls (i.e. the difference between the cash flows due to the entity in accordance with the contract and the cash flows
          that the Group expects to receive).

          The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which the Group is
          exposed to credit risk.

          In measuring ECLs, the Group takes into account reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue
          cost or effort. This includes information about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

          ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

          - 12-month ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from possible default events within the 12 months after the
          reporting date; and

          - lifetime ECLs: these are losses that are expected to result from all possible default events over the expected lives of the
          items to which the ECL model applies.

          Loss allowances for accounts receivables and contract assets are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.
          ECLs on these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group's historical credit loss experience,
          adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the current and forecast general economic
          conditions at the reporting date.

          For all other financial instruments, the Group recognises a loss allowance equal to 12-month ECLs unless there has been
          a significant increase in credit risk of the financial instrument since initial recognition, in which case the loss allowance is
          measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs.

          The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following, which are measured at
          12-month ECLs:

          - debt securities that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

          - other debt securities and bank balances for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the
          financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

          Significant increases in credit risk

          When determining whether the credit risk of a financial asset has increased significantly since initial recognition and when
          estimating ECLs, the Group considers reasonable and supportable information that is relevant and available without undue
          cost or effort. This includes both quantitative and qualitative information and analysis, based on the Group's historical
          experience and informed credit assessment and including forward-looking information.

          In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has increased significantly
          since initial recognition:

          - failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

          - an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument's external or internal credit rating (if available);

          - an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

          - existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that have a significant adverse
          effect on the debtor's ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

          Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased significantly since
          initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date. A debt instrument
          is determined to have low credit risk if (i) it has a low risk of default, (ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its
          contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and (iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the
          longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow obligations.




288
                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in credit risk is performed
on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is performed on a collective basis, the financial
instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

Definition of default

For internal credit risk management, the Group considers an event of default occurs when information developed internally
or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without
taking into account any collateral held by the Group).

Credit-impaired financial assets



                                                                                                                                                   About Us
At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether financial assets carried at amortised cost and debt securities at FVOCI
are credit-impaired. A financial asset is 'credit-impaired' when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
estimated future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable data:

- significant financial difficulty of the borrower or issuer;

- a breach of contract such as a default;

- the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider otherwise;


                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
- it is probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisations; or




                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
- the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties.

- the purchase or origination of a financial asset at a deep discount that reflects the incurred credit losses.

Presentation of allowance for ECL in the consolidated statement of financial position

Loss allowances for financial assets measured at amortised cost are deducted from the gross carrying amount of the
assets.

For debt securities at FVOCI, the loss allowance is charged to profit or loss and is recognised in OCI.




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Write-off

The gross carrying amount of a financial asset is written-off when the Group has no reasonable expectations of recovering
a financial asset in its entirety or a portion thereof. The Group expects no significant recovery from the amount written-
off. However, financial assets that are written-off could still be subject to enforcement activities in order to comply with the
Group's procedures for recovery of amounts due.

Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written-off are recognised as a reversal of impairment in profit or
loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

(iv) Fair value measurement




                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and
If there is an active market for a financial asset or financial liability, the quoted market price without adjusting for
transaction costs that may be incurred upon future disposal or settlement is used to establish the fair value of the financial
asset or financial liability. Quoted prices from an active market are prices that are readily and regularly available from an
exchange, dealer, broker, industry group or pricing service agency, and represent actual and regularly occurring market




                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection
transactions on an arm's length basis.

If no active market exists for a financial instrument, a valuation technique is used to establish the fair value. Valuation
techniques include using recent arm's length market transactions between knowledgeable, willing parties, reference
to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially the same, discounted cash flow analysis and option
pricing models. Where discounted cash flow technique is used, future cash flows are estimated based on management's
best estimates and the discount rate used is the prevailing market rate applicable for instrument with similar terms and
conditions at the end of the reporting period. Where other pricing models are used, inputs are based on market data at the
end of the reporting period.

In estimating the fair value of a financial asset and financial liability, the Group considers all factors including, but not
limited to, risk-free interest rate, credit risk, foreign exchange rate and market volatility, that are likely to affect the fair value
of the financial asset and financial liability.




                                                                                                                                          289
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The Group obtains market data from the same market where the financial instrument was originated or purchased.

          (v) Derecognition of financial assets and financial liabilities

          Financial assets (or a part of a financial asset or group of financial assets) are derecognised when the financial assets
          meet one of the following conditions:

          - the contractual rights to the cash flows from the financial asset expire; or

          - the Group transfers substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial assets or where substantially all
          the risks and rewards of ownership of a financial asset are neither retained nor transferred, the control over that asset is
          relinquished.

          If the Group neither transfers nor retains substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but
          retains control, the Group continues to recognise the financial asset and relevant liability to the extent of its continuing
          involvement in the financial asset.

          The financial liability (or part of it) is derecognised only when the underlying present obligation (or part of it) specified in
          the contracts is discharged, cancelled or expired. An agreement between the Group and an existing lender to replace the
          original financial liability with a new financial liability with substantially different terms, or a substantial modification of the
          terms of an existing financial liability is accounted for as an extinguishment of the original financial liability and recognition
          of a new financial liability. The difference between the carrying amount of the derecognised financial liability and the
          consideration paid is recognised in profit or loss.

          (vi) Offsetting

          Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement of financial
          position when the Group has a legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and the transactions are
          intended to be settled on a net basis, or by realising the asset and settling the liability simultaneously.

          (vii) Equity instruments

          An equity instrument is a contract that proves the ownership interest of the residual assets after deducting all liabilities of
          the Group. Considerations received from issuance of equity instruments net of transaction costs are recognised in equity.
          Considerations and transaction costs paid by the Group for repurchasing its own equity instruments are deducted from
          equity.

          (viii) Perpetual bonds

          At initial recognition, the Group classifies the perpetual bonds issued as financial liabilities or equity instruments based
          on their contractual terms and their economic substance after considering the definition of financial liabilities and equity
          instruments.

          Perpetual bonds issued that should be classified as equity instruments are recognised in equity based on the actual
          amount received. Any distribution of dividends or interests during the instruments' duration is treated as profit appropriation.
          When the perpetual bonds are redeemed according to the contractual terms, the redemption price is charged to equity.

          (ix) Derivative financial instruments

          Derivative financial instruments are recognised at fair value. At the end of each reporting period the fair value is
          remeasured. The gain or loss on remeasurement to fair value is recognised immediately in profit or loss, except where
          the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or hedges of net investment in a foreign operation, in which case
          recognition of any resultant gain or loss depends on the nature of the item being hedged.

          A derivative is presented as a non-current asset or a non-current liability if the remaining maturity of the instrument is more
          than 12 months and it is not due to be realised or settled within 12 months. Other derivatives are presented as current assets
          or current liabilities.

          (x) Hedge accounting

          At the inception of a hedging relationship, the Group formally designates the hedge instruments and the hedged items,
          and documents the hedging relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the risk management
          objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identiﬁcation of the hedging instrument,




290
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity will assess the hedging instrument's
effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item's fair value or cash ﬂows attributable to the hedged
risk. Such hedges are expected to meet the hedge effectiveness in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash ﬂows
and are assessed on an ongoing basis to analyse the sources of hedge ineffectiveness which are expected to affect
the hedging relationship in remaining hedging period. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness
requirement relating to the hedge ratio, but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship
remains the same, the Group would rebalance the hedging relationship.

The Group designates such hedged items as debt securities issued with floating interest that expose the Group to the risk of
variability of its cash flows.


                                                                                                                                         About Us
Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the Group's risk management positions,
do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore treated as derivatives held for trading with fair value gains or losses
recognised in proﬁt or loss. Hedges which meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are accounted for in accordance
with the Group's accounting policy as set out below.

Fair value hedges

Fair value hedges are hedges of the Group's exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or
an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment, or an identiﬁed portion of such an asset, liability or unrecognised ﬁrm commitment,



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income. Among them,
the circumstances affecting other comprehensive income are limited to the hedging for the risk exposure from fair value



                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
change of non-trading equity investment designated as at FVOCI. For fair value hedges, the carrying amount of the hedged
item is adjusted for gains and losses attributable to the risk being hedged, the derivative is remeasured at fair value and
the gains and losses from both are taken to proﬁt or loss or other comprehensive income.

For hedged items recorded at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying value of the hedged item and the face
value is amortised over the remaining term of the original hedge using the effective interest rate method.

When an unrecognised ﬁrm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative change in the fair
value of the ﬁrm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a corresponding gain




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
or loss recognised in proﬁt or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument are also recognised in proﬁt or
loss.

The Group discontinues fair value hedge accounting when the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria
after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has
been sold, terminated or exercised. If the hedged items are derecognised, the unamortised fair value is recorded in proﬁt or
loss.

Cash ﬂow hedges

Cash ﬂow hedges are hedges of the Group's exposure to variability in cash ﬂows that is attributable to a particular risk
associated with a recognised asset or liability, a highly probable forecast transaction or a component of any such item,




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
and could affect proﬁt or loss. For designated and qualifying cash ﬂow hedges, the effective portion of the gain or loss on
the hedging instrument is initially recognised directly in other comprehensive income. The ineffective portion of the gain or
loss on the hedging instrument is recognised immediately in proﬁt or loss.




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
When the hedged cash ﬂow affects proﬁt or loss, the gain or loss on the hedging instrument recognised directly in other
comprehensive income is recycled in the corresponding income or expense line of the statement of proﬁt or loss. When
the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying criteria after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging
relationship, including the hedging instrument has expired or has been sold, terminated or exercised, any cumulative gain
or loss existing in other comprehensive income at that time remains in other comprehensive income until the hedged
forecast transaction ultimately occurs. When a forecast transaction is no longer expected to occur, the cumulative gain or
loss that was reported in other comprehensive income is immediately transferred to proﬁt or loss.

Net investment hedges

Net investment hedge is a hedge of the currency risk of a net investment in a foreign institution operation.

Hedges of net investments in foreign operations are accounted for similarly to cash ﬂow hedges. Any gain or loss on the




                                                                                                                                291
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          hedging instrument relating to the effective portion of the hedge is recognised directly in other comprehensive income; the
          gain or loss relating to the ineffective portion is recognised in proﬁt or loss immediately. Gains and losses accumulated in
          other comprehensive income are included in proﬁt or loss when the foreign operation is disposed of as part of the gain or
          loss on the disposal.


          (9) Margin financing and securities lending

          Margin financing and securities lending refer to the lending of funds by the Group to customers for purchase of securities,
          or lending of securities by the Group to customers for securities selling, for which the customers provide the Group with
          collateral.

          The classification, subsequent measurement and impairment of margin financing receivables is based on policies in Note
          2(8). Securities lent are not derecognised when the risk and rewards are not transferred, and interest income from margin
          financing receivables and securities lent is recognised accordingly.

          The collateral is not recognised on the statement of financial position, the transfer of the collateral from counterparties is
          only reflected on the statement of financial position if the risks and rewards of ownership are also transferred.

          Securities trading on behalf of margin financing or securities lending customers are accounted for as securities brokerage
          business.


          (10) Financial assets held under resale and sold under repurchase agreements

          Financial assets held under resale agreements are transactions where the Group acquires financial assets which will
          be resold at a predetermined price at a future date under resale agreements. Financial assets sold under repurchase
          agreements are transactions where the Group sells financial assets which will be repurchased at a predetermined price at
          a future date under repurchase agreements.

          The cash advanced or received is recognised as amounts held under resale or sold under repurchase agreements in the
          consolidated statement of financial position. Assets held under resale agreements are recorded in memorandum accounts
          as off-balance sheet items. Assets sold under repurchase agreements continue to be recognised in the consolidated
          statement of financial position.

          The difference between the purchase and resale consideration, and that between the sale and repurchase consideration,
          is amortised over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest method and is included in interest
          income and interest expenses, respectively.


          (11) Investments in subsidiaries

          In the Group's consolidated financial statements, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for in accordance with the
          principles described in Note 2(4).

          In the Company's statement of financial position, investments in subsidiaries are accounted for using the cost method. The
          investment is stated at cost less impairment loss (Note 2(15)) in the statements of financial position. Except for declared
          but not yet distributed cash dividends or profits distribution that have been included in the price or consideration paid
          in obtaining the investments, the Group recognises its share of the cash dividends or profit distribution declared by the
          investees as investment income.


          (12) Property and equipment and construction in progress

          (i) Recognition and measurement

          Items of property and equipment are measured at cost less accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment
          losses (see Note 2(15)). Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the asset. The cost of self-
          constructed assets includes the following:

          - the cost of materials and direct labour;

          - any other costs directly attributable to bringing the assets to a working condition for their intended use;




292
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
- when the Group has an obligation to remove the asset or restore the site, an estimate of the costs of dismantling and
removing the items and restoring the site on which they are located; and

- capitalised borrowing costs.

Purchased software that is integral to the functionality of the related equipment is capitalised as part of that equipment.
When parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, they are accounted for as separate items
(major components) of property and equipment.

Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property and equipment (calculated as the difference between the net proceeds
from disposal and the carrying amount of the item) is recognised in profit or loss.


                                                                                                                                              About Us
Costs of construction in progress are determined based on the actual expenditures incurred which include all necessary
expenditures incurred during the construction period, borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation and other costs incurred to
bring the asset to its intended use.

Items classified as construction in progress are transferred to property and equipment when such assets are ready for their
intended use.

(ii) Subsequent costs

Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the


                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
expenditure will flow to the Group. Ongoing repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.

(iii) Depreciation


                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
Items of property and equipment are depreciated from the date they are available for use or, in respect of self-constructed
assets, from the date that the asset is completed and ready for use.

Depreciation is calculated to write-off the cost of items of property and equipment less their estimated residual values
using the straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives.

Depreciation is generally recognised in profit or loss, unless the amount is included in the carrying amount of another asset.
Leased assets are depreciated over the shorter of the lease term and their useful lives unless it is reasonably certain that




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
the Group will obtain ownership by the end of the lease term.

The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative years of significant items of property and equipment are as
follows:


                                                       Estimated                      Estimated                    Depreciation
Types of assets                                       useful lives               residual values                          rates



Buildings                                             30 - 35 years                           3%                    2.77% - 3.23%

Motor vehicles                                          5 - 8 years                           3%                   12.13% - 19.40%

Electronic equipment                                       5 years                            3%                           19.40%




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
Furniture and fixtures                                     5 years                            3%                           19.40%




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection
No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress. Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values
are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if appropriate.


(13) Investment property

Investment property is property held either to earn rental income or for capital appreciation or for both, but not for sale in
the ordinary course of business, use in the production or supply of goods or services or for administrative purposes.

Investment property is accounted for using the cost model and stated in the financial statements at cost less accumulated
depreciation, and impairment losses (see Note 2(15)). The cost of investment property, less its estimated residual value and
accumulated impairment losses, is depreciated using the straight-line method over its estimated useful life, unless the
investment property is classified as held for sale.




                                                                                                                                     293
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                    Estimated                    Estimated                      Depreciation
                                                                   useful lives             residual values                            rates



          Investment property                                      30 - 35 years                         3%                      2.77% - 3.23%




          Cost includes expenditure that is directly attributable to the acquisition of the investment property. The cost of self-
          constructed investment property includes the cost of materials and direct labour, any other costs directly attributable to
          bringing the investment property to a working condition for their intended use and capitalised borrowing costs.


          (14) Land-use rights and other intangible assets

          Intangible assets are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation (where the estimated useful life is finite) and
          impairment loss (see Note 2(15)). For an intangible asset with finite useful life, its cost less impairment loss is amortised on
          the straight-line method over its estimated useful life.

          The respective amortisation periods for intangible assets are as follows:



          Types of assets                                                                                              Estimated useful lives




          Existing relationships with broker-dealers                                                                                Indefinite

          Enterprise distribution channel customer relationships                                                                    Indefinite

          Trading seat fee                                                                                                          Indefinite

          Land-use rights                                                                                                       40 - 50 years

          Trade names                                                                                                             11 - 20 years

          Software and others                                                                                                     2 - 14 years




          An intangible asset is regarded as having an indefinite useful life and is not amortised when there is no foreseeable limit to
          the period over which the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.


          (15) Impairment of non-financial assets

          The carrying amounts of the following assets are reviewed at each reporting date to determine whether there is any
          indication of impairment:

          - property and equipment

          - construction in progress

          - investment property

          - land-use rights and other intangible assets

          - equity investment in subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures

          - goodwill

          - leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses

          If any such indication exists, then the asset's recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
          assets are tested annually for impairment. An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU
          exceeds its recoverable amount.

          The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less costs to sell. In assessing
          value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that
          reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU. For impairment
          testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates cash inflows from continuing use that
          are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or CGUs. Subject to an operating segment ceiling test, CGUs to




294
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
which goodwill has been allocated are aggregated so that the level at which impairment testing is performed reflects the
lowest level at which goodwill is monitored for internal reporting purposes. Goodwill acquired in a business combination is
allocated to groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. Impairment losses recognised in respect of CGUs are allocated first
to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU (group of CGUs), and then to reduce the carrying
amounts of the other assets in the CGU (group of CGUs) on a pro rata basis.

An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is reversed only to the
extent that the asset's carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined, net of
depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been recognised.

                                                                                                                                        About Us
(16) Contract assets and contract liabilities

A contract asset represents the Group's right to consideration in exchange for goods or services that the Group has
transferred to a customer that is not yet unconditional. Contract assets are assessed for ECL in accordance with the policy
set out in Note 2(8)(iii) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration has become unconditional.

A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue.
A contract liability would also be recognised if the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration before the



                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
Group recognises the related revenue. In such cases, a corresponding receivable would also be recognised.

For a single contract with the customer, either a net contract asset or a net contract liability is presented. For multiple


                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
contracts, contract assets and contract liabilities of unrelated contracts are not presented on a net basis.

When the contract includes a significant financing component, the contract balance includes interest accrued under the
effective interest method.


(17) Employee benefits

(i) Short-term employee benefits




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Short-term employee benefit obligations are measured on an undiscounted basis and are expensed as the related service
is provided. A liability is recognised for the amount expected to be paid under short-term cash bonus or profit-sharing
plans if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay this amount as a result of past service provided by
the employee, and the obligation can be estimated reliably.

(ii) Defined contribution plans

A defined contribution plan is a post-employment benefit plan under which an entity pays fixed contributions into a
separate entity and has no legal or constructive obligation to pay further amounts. Obligations for contributions to defined
contribution plans are recognised as an employee benefit expense in profit or loss in the periods during which related
services are rendered by employees.




                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
(iii) Other long-term employee benefits

The Group's net obligation in respect of long-term employee benefits other than pension plans is the amount of future
benefit that employees have earned in return for their service in the current and prior periods. That benefit is discounted



                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
to determine its present value, and the fair value of any related assets is deducted. The discount rate is the yield at the
reporting date on corporate bonds, which have a credit rating of at least AA from rating agency, that have maturity dates
approximating the terms of the Group's obligations and that are denominated in the currency in which the benefits are
expected to be paid. The calculation is performed using the projected unit credit method. Any actuarial gains and losses
are recognised in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.

(iv) Termination benefits

Termination benefits are recognised as an expense when the Group is demonstrably committed, without realistic possibility
of withdrawal, to a formal detailed plan to either terminate employment before the normal retirement date, or to provide
termination benefits as a result of an offer made to encourage voluntary redundancy. Termination benefits for voluntary
redundancies are recognised as an expense if the Group has made an offer of voluntary redundancy, it is probable that




                                                                                                                               295
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          the offer will be accepted, and the number of acceptances can be estimated reliably. If benefits are payable more than 12
          months after the reporting date, then they are discounted to their present value.


          (18) Share-based payments

          (i) Accounting treatment of cash-settled share-based payments

          Where the Group receives services from employees by incurring a liability to deliver cash or other assets for amounts that
          are determined based on the price of shares or other equity instruments, the service received from employees is measured
          at the fair value of the liability incurred. If a cash-settled share-based payment do not vest until the completion of services
          for a period, or until the achievement of a specified performance condition, the Group recognises costs or expenses as
          services are received, with a corresponding increase in liability, at an amount equal to the fair value of the liability based on
          the best estimate of the outcome of vesting. Until the liability is settled, the Group will remeasure the fair value of the liability
          at each balance sheet date and at the date of settlement, with changes recognised in profit or loss for the current period.

          When the Group receives services and has the obligation to settle the transaction, but the relevant equity instruments are
          issued by the Company's ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group classifies the transaction as cash-
          settled.

          (ii) Accounting treatment of equity-settled share-based payments

          Where the Group uses shares or other equity instruments as consideration for services received from the employees, the
          payment is measured at the fair value of the equity instruments granted to the employees at the grant date. If the equity
          instruments granted do not vest until the completion of services for a period, or until the achievement of a specified
          performance condition, the Group recognises an amount at each balance sheet date during the vesting period based
          on the best estimate of the number of equity instruments expected to vest according to the newly obtained subsequent
          information of the changes of the number of the employees expected to vest the equity instruments. The Group measures
          the services received at the grant-date fair value of the equity instruments and recognises the costs or expenses as the
          services are received, with a corresponding increase in capital reserve.

          When the Group receives services, but the Group has no obligation to settle the transaction because the relevant equity
          instruments are issued by the Company's ultimate parent or its subsidiaries outside the Group, the Group also classifies the
          transaction as equity-settled.


          (19) Income tax

          Income tax expense comprises current and deferred income tax expense. Current tax and deferred tax is recognised in
          profit or loss except to the extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

          (i) Current tax

          Current tax is the expected tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year, using tax rates enacted or
          substantively enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years. Current tax
          payable also includes any tax liability arising from the declaration of dividends.

          (ii) Deferred tax

          Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for
          financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes.

          Deferred tax is not recognised for:

          - temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination
          and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal
          taxable and deductible temporary differences;

          - temporary differences related to investments in subsidiaries, associates and jointly controlled entities to the extent that
          the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that they will not
          reverse in the foreseeable future; and

          - taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill.




296
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
The measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax consequences that would follow the manner in which the Group expects,
at the end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities. For investment
property that is measured at fair value, the presumption that the carrying amount of the investment property will be
recovered through sale has not been rebutted.

Deferred tax is measured at the tax rates that are expected to be applied to temporary differences when they reverse,
using tax rates enacted or substantively enacted at the reporting date.

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset if there is a legally enforceable right to offset current tax liabilities and
assets, and they relate to taxes levied by the same tax authority on the same taxable entity, or on different tax entities,
but they intend to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis or their tax assets and liabilities will be realised


                                                                                                                                            About Us
simultaneously.

A deferred tax asset is recognised for unused tax losses, tax credits and deductible temporary differences to the extent
that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they can be utilised. Deferred tax assets are
reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit will
be realised.

For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognises the right-of-use assets
and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are attributable to the right-of-use



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
assets or the lease liabilities.

For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies IAS 12



                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
requirements to the lease liabilities and the related assets separately. The Group recognises a deferred tax asset related to
lease liabilities to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
difference can be utilised and a deferred tax liability for all taxable temporary differences.

(iii) Tax exposures

In determining the amount of current and deferred tax, the Group takes into account the impact of uncertain tax positions
and whether additional taxes and interest may be due. This assessment relies on estimates and assumptions and may
involve a series of judgements about future events. New information may become available that causes the Group to




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
change its judgement regarding the adequacy of existing tax liabilities; such changes to tax liabilities will impact tax
expense in the period that such a determination is made.


(20) Leases

At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or contains, a lease
if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration.
To assess whether a contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset, the Group uses the definition of a
lease in IFRS 16.

(i) As a lessee




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
At commencement or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the
consideration in the contract to each lease component on the basis of its relative stand‑alone prices. However, for the
leases of property the Group has elected not to separate non‑lease components and account for the lease and non‑lease




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
components as a single lease component.

The Group recognises a right‑of‑use asset and a lease liability at the lease commencement date. The right‑of‑use asset is
initially measured at cost, which comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at
or before the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle and remove
the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located, less any lease incentives received.

The right‑of‑use asset is subsequently depreciated using the straight‑line method from the commencement date to
the end of the lease term, unless the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the Group by the end of the
lease term or the cost of the right‑of‑use asset reflects that the Group will exercise a purchase option. In that case the
right‑of‑use asset will be depreciated over the useful life of the underlying asset, which is determined on the same basis
as those of property and equipment. In addition, the right‑of‑use asset is periodically reduced by impairment losses, if any,
and adjusted for certain remeasurements of the lease liability.




                                                                                                                                   297
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          The lease liability is initially measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not paid at the commencement
          date, discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot be readily determined, the Group's
          incremental borrowing rate. Generally, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rate.

          The Group determines its incremental borrowing rate by obtaining interest rates from various external financing sources
          and makes certain adjustments to reflect the terms of the lease and type of the asset leased.

          Lease payments included in the measurement of the lease liability comprise the following:

          - fixed payments, including in‑substance fixed payments;

          - variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, initially measured using the index or rate as at the
          commencement date;

          - amounts expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee; and

          - the exercise price under a purchase option that the Group is reasonably certain to exercise, lease payments in
          an optional renewal period if the Group is reasonably certain to exercise an extension option, and penalties for early
          termination of a lease unless the Group is reasonably certain not to terminate early.

          The lease liability is measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method. It is remeasured when there is a
          change in future lease payments arising from a change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group's estimate of
          the amount expected to be payable under a residual value guarantee, if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
          will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option or if there is a revised in‑substance fixed lease payment.

          When the lease liability is remeasured in this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the
          right‑of‑use asset, or is recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right‑of‑use asset has been reduced to zero.

          The Group presents right‑of‑use assets that do not meet the definition of investment property in 'property and equipment'
          and lease liabilities in 'other payables and accruals' in the statement of financial position.


          Short-term leases and leases of low-value assets

          The Group has elected not to recognise right‑of‑use assets and lease liabilities for leases of low‑value assets and
          short‑term leases, including IT equipment. The Group recognises the lease payments associated with these leases as an
          expense on a straight‑line basis over the lease term.

          (ii) As a lessor

          At inception or on modification of a contract that contains a lease component, the Group allocates the consideration in the
          contract to each lease component on the basis of their relative stand-alone prices.

          When the Group acts as a lessor, it determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating
          lease.

          To classify each lease, the Group makes an overall assessment of whether the lease transfers substantially all of the risks
          and rewards incidental to ownership of the underlying asset. If this is the case, then the lease is a finance lease; if not, then
          it is an operating lease. As part of this assessment, the Group considers certain indicators such as whether the lease is for
          the major part of the economic life of the asset.

          When the Group is an intermediate lessor, it accounts for its interests in the head lease and the sub-lease separately. It
          assesses the lease classification of a sub-lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease, not
          with reference to the underlying asset.

          If a head lease is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described above, then it classifies the sub-
          lease as an operating lease.

          If an arrangement contains lease and non-lease components, then the Group applies IFRS 15 to allocate the consideration
          in the contract.

          The Group applies the derecognition and impairment requirements in IFRS 9 to the net investment in the lease (see Note
          2(8)). The Group further regularly reviews estimated unguaranteed residual values used in calculating the gross investment
          in the lease.

          The Group recognises lease payments received under operating leases as income on a straight-line basis over the lease
          term as part of 'other income and gains'.




298
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(21) Provisions and contingent liabilities

A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation. Provisions
are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that reflects current market assessments of
the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability. The unwinding of the discount is recognised as finance cost.

Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be estimated reliably,
the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote. Possible
obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events, are
also disclosed as contingent liabilities unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.


(22) Fiduciary activities                                                                                                                    About Us

The Group acts in a fiduciary activity as a manager, a custodian, or an agent for customers. Assets held by the Group and
the related undertakings to return such assets to customers are recorded as off-balance sheet items as the risks and
rewards of the assets reside with customers.


(23) Revenue recognition



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
Revenue is recognised when control over a service is transferred to the customer at the amount of promised consideration
to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of third parties. Revenue
excludes value added tax or other sales taxes and is after deduction of any trade discounts.


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Where the contract contains a variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which it will be
entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to a customer and includes in the transaction price some or all
of the variable consideration estimated, such that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a
significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.

Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the customer for
more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount
rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer, and interest income is accrued




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a
significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted
on the contract liability under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient of IFRS
15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12
months or less.

Further details of the Group's revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

(i) Commission income from brokerage business

Brokerage commission income is recognised on a trade date basis when the relevant transactions are executed. Handling
and settlement fee income arising from brokerage business is recognised when the related services are rendered.




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
(ii) Underwriting and sponsor fees

Underwriting fee is recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the underwriting contract.




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Depending on contract terms, sponsor fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group's
performance, or at a point in time when the service is completed.

(iii) Advisory fees

Depending on the nature of the advisory services and the contract terms, advisory fees are recognised progressively over
time using a method that depicts the Group's performance, or at a point in time when the advisory service is completed.

(iv) Asset management fees

Asset management fees include periodic management fees calculated based on assets under management and
performance-based fees. The fees are recognised progressively over time using a method that depicts the Group's
performance, to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue
recognised will not occur.




                                                                                                                                    299
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (v) Other income

          Other income is recognised on an accrual basis.


          (24) Expenses recognition

          (i) Commission expenses

          Commission expenses relate mainly to transactions, which are recognised as expenses when the services are received.

          (ii) Interest expenses

          Interest expenses are recognised based on the principal outstanding and at the effective interest rate applicable.

          (iii) Other expenses

          Other expenses are recognised on an accrual basis.


          (25) Dividend distribution

          Dividends or profit distributions proposed in the profit appropriation plan, which will be authorised and declared after the
          end of the reporting period, are not recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period but disclosed in the notes to
          the financial statements separately.


          (26) Government grants

          Government grants are not recognised until there is reasonable assurance that the Group will comply with the conditions
          attaching to them and that the grants will be received.

          Government grants are recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the periods in which the Group recognises
          as expenses the related costs for which the grants are intended to compensate. Specifically, government grants whose
          primary condition is that the Group should purchase, construct or otherwise acquire non-current assets are recognised as
          deferred revenue in the consolidated statement of financial position and transferred to profit or loss on a systematic and
          rational basis over the useful lives of the related assets.

          Government grants related to income that are receivable as compensation for expenses or losses already incurred or for
          the purpose of giving immediate financial support to the Group with no future related costs are recognised in profit or loss
          in the period in which they become receivable. Such grants are presented under "other income and gains".


          (27) Related parties

          (i) A person, or a close member of that person's family, is related to the Group if that person:

          (1) has control or joint control over the Group;

          (2) has significant influence over the Group; or

          (3) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group's parent.

          (ii) An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

          (1) The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent, subsidiary and fellow
          subsidiary is related to the others).

          (2) One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of a member of a group of
          which the other entity is a member).

          (3) Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

          (4) One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity.

          (5) The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an entity related to the
          Group.

          (6) The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (i).




300
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(7) A person identified in (i)(1) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key management personnel of
the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

(8) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel services to the Group or
to the Group's parent.

Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or be influenced
by, that person in their dealings with the entity.


(28) Segment reporting



                                                                                                                                            About Us
Reportable segments are identified based on operating segments which are determined based on the structure of the
Group's internal organisation, management requirements and internal reporting system. An operating segment is a
component of the Group that engages in business activities from which it may earn revenues and incur expenses, whose
financial performance are regularly reviewed by the Group's management to make decisions about resource to be
allocated to the segment and assess its performance, and for which financial information regarding financial position,
financial performance and cash flows is available.

Two or more operating segments may be aggregated into a single operating segment if the segments have same or
similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of each products and service, the nature of



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
production processes, the type or class of customers for the products and services, the methods used to distribute the
products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment.




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
Inter-segment revenues are measured on the basis of actual transaction price for such transactions for segment reporting,
and segment accounting policies are consistent with those for the consolidated financial statements.


(29) Significant accounting estimates and judgements

The preparation of financial statements requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect
the application of accounting policies and the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. Actual results
may differ from these judgments and estimates. Estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
Revisions to accounting estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised and in any future periods
affected.

(i) Fair value of financial instruments

If the market for a financial instrument is not active, the Group determines the fair value by using valuation technique.
Valuation technique makes maximum use of observable market input. However, where observable market inputs are not
available, management makes estimates on such unobservable market inputs.

(ii) Measurement of ECL

The following significant judgements are required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring the ECL.

Significant increase of credit risk




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
As explained in Note 2(8)(iii), ECL are measured as an allowance equal to 12-month ECL for Stage 1 assets, or lifetime ECL
assets for Stage 2 or Stage 3 assets. An asset moves to Stage 2 when its credit risk has increased significantly since initial




                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
recognition. In assessing whether the credit risk of an asset has significantly increased, the Group takes into account
qualitative and quantitative reasonable and supportable forward looking information.

Establishing groups of assets with similar credit risk characteristics

When ECLs are measured on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped on the basis of shared risk
characteristics. The Group monitors the appropriateness of the credit risk characteristics on an ongoing basis to assess
whether they continue to be similar. This is required in order to ensure that should credit risk characteristics change there is
appropriate re-segmentation of the assets. This may result in new portfolios being created or assets moving to an existing
portfolio that better reflects the similar credit risk characteristics of that group of assets. Assets move from 12-month to
lifetime ECLs when there is a significant increase in credit risk, but it can also occur within portfolios that continue to be
measured on the same basis of 12-month or lifetime ECLs but the amount of ECL changes because the credit risk of the
portfolios differ.




                                                                                                                                   301
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Models and assumptions used

          The Group uses various models and assumptions in estimating ECL. Judgement is applied in identifying the most
          appropriate model for each type of asset, as well as for determining the assumptions used in these models, including
          assumptions that relate to key drivers of credit risk.

          Forward-looking information

          When measuring ECL the Group uses reasonable and supportable forward looking information, which is based on
          assumptions for the future movements of different economic drivers and how these drivers will affect each other.

          Probability of default (PD)

          PD constitutes a key input in measuring ECL. PD is an estimate of the likelihood of default over a given time horizon, the
          calculation of which includes historical data, assumptions and expectations of future conditions.

          Loss given default (LGD)

          LGD is an estimate of the loss arising on default. It is based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due
          and those that the lender would expect to receive, taking into account cash flows from collateral and integral credit
          enhancements.

          Loss rate (LR)

          LR represents the Group's expectation of the likelihood and extent of loss on exposure based on the relevant loan
          to collateral ratio. The Group uses historical loss rates based on publicly available information and assesses their
          appropriateness.

          (iii) Impairment of non-financial assets

          At the end of the reporting period, the carrying amount of non-financial assets are reviewed to determine whether there
          is any indication that these assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists, an impairment loss is
          provided. Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested annually for impairment.

          Since the market price of an asset (the asset group) cannot be obtained reliably, the fair value of the asset cannot be
          estimated reliably. In assessing the present value of future cash flows, significant judgements are exercised over the future
          cash flows and discounting rates, based on all relevant materials which can be obtained together with reasonable and
          supportable assumptions.

          (iv) Income taxes

          Determining income tax provisions requires the Group to estimate the future tax treatment of certain transactions. The
          Group evaluates tax implications of transactions in accordance with prevailing tax regulations and makes tax provisions
          accordingly. In addition, deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be
          available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilised. This requires significant judgement on the tax
          treatments of certain transactions and also significant assessment on the probability that adequate future taxable profits
          will be available for the deferred tax assets to be recovered.

          (v) Determination scope of consolidation

          All facts and circumstances must be taken into consideration in the assessment of whether the Group, controls the investee.
          The principle of control includes three elements: (i) power over the investee; (ii) exposure, or rights, to variable returns from
          involvement with the investee; and (iii) the ability to use power over the investee to affect the amount of investors' returns.
          The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are changes to
          one or more of the three elements of control listed above.

          The Group held interests as investor and/or acted as investment manager in various structured entities including asset
          management schemes, investment funds and partnerships. The Group considered its power, arising from the rights entitled
          directly or indirectly, over the structured entities, and assessed whether the combination of investments it held together
          with its remuneration created exposure to variability of returns from the structured entities that are of such significance that
          it indicated the Group controlled the structured entities and should consolidated these structured entities.




302
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
3 Taxation

The Group's main applicable taxes and tax rates are as follows:



Tax type                                                                   Tax basis                                         Tax rate



Value-added tax (VAT)                     Output VAT is calculated on product sales and taxable services revenue.             3% - 13%
                                          The basis for VAT payable is to deduct input VAT from the output VAT for the
                                          period.
City maintenance and construction tax     Based on VAT payable                                                                 1% - 7%

Education surcharge                       Based on VAT payable                                                                2% - 3%


                                                                                                                                                    About Us
Local Education surcharge                 Based on VAT payable                                                                 1% - 2%

Income tax                                Based on taxable profits                                                               25%(i)




(i) The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries in the Mainland China is 25% (2022: 25%). The
income tax rate applicable to subsidiaries in Hong Kong is 16.5% (2022: 16.5%). The federal income tax of subsidiaries in the
United States were provided at the rate of 21% (2022: 21%). Taxes of other overseas subsidiaries are charged at the relevant
local rates.



4 Fee and commission income                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis


                                                                                                    Year ended 31 December                        and Strategies
                                                                                                         2023                    2022



Income from securities brokerage and advisory business                                              7,870,599                 9,295,319

Income from asset management business                                                               6,422,832                 5,816,638

Income from underwriting and sponsorship business                                                    2,980,061                3,712,850




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
Income from futures brokerage business                                                                1,188,621                1,471,261

Income from financial advisory business                                                               238,015                  446,249

Other commission income                                                                               240,854                  239,108

Total                                                                                              18,940,982                20,981,425




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                           303
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          5 Interest income


                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2023                       2022



          Interest income from margin financing and securities lending             7,839,468                 7,829,590

          Interest income from financial institutions                               4,325,319                 3,954,182

          Interest income from debt instruments at amortised cost                  1,445,973                   1,144,983

          Interest income from securities-backed lendings                            273,945                    279,512
          Interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                                     461,396                   267,623
            comprehensive income
          Interest income from other financial assets held under resale
                                                                                     247,544                   239,943
            agreements
          Others                                                                       21,587                   28,284

          Total                                                                    14,615,232                 13,744,117




          6 Net investment gains


                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2023                       2022



          Dividend income and interest income from financial
                                                                                   8,068,148                 8,586,040
            instruments at fair value through profit or loss
          Net realised losses from disposal of an associate                                -                      (528)
          Net realised (losses)/gains from disposal of derivative
                                                                                  (8,941,901)                14,012,826
           financial instruments
          Net realised gains/(losses) from disposal of financial instruments at
                                                                                   11,639,856               (13,160,288)
           fair value through profit or loss
          Net realised losses from disposal of debt instruments at fair value
                                                                                    (80,389)                  (197,789)
           through other comprehensive income
          Net gains arising from derecognition of debt instruments at amortised
                                                                                           -                         92
           cost
          Unrealised fair value changes of derivative financial instruments       (6,518,537)                 4,961,468
          Unrealised fair value changes of financial instruments at
                                                                                   7,493,050                (8,175,234)
           fair value through profit or loss
          Other investment gains                                                       10,173                         -

          Total                                                                    11,670,400                6,026,587




304
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
7 Other income and gains


                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                                     2023                            2022



Income from commodity sales                                                      4,890,072                        3,236,896

Government grants(i)                                                              306,922                           287,518

Rental income                                                                      30,709                           47,964

Gains on disposal of property and equipment                                          1,525                             1,109

Gain on acquiring interest in an associate(ii)                                    239,728                           151,563


                                                                                                                                         About Us
Foreign exchange gain                                                            1,322,894                         2,199,198

Others                                                                             241,957                          147,995

Total                                                                            7,033,807                        6,072,243




(i) The government grants were received unconditionally by the Company and its subsidiaries from the local government
where they reside.

(ii) During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company purchased additional 55,456,398 A shares of Bank of Jiangsu


                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Co., Ltd. ("Bank of Jiangsu") through the stock market and recognized an income amounting to RMB239.73 million.




                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
8 Fee and commission expenses


                                                                                Year ended 31 December

                                                                                     2023                            2022



Expenses for securities brokerage and advisory business                         2,366,556                         2,669,423

Expenses for futures brokerage business                                            619,462                          845,194




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
Expenses for asset management business                                            1,158,376                       1,093,726

Expenses for underwriting and sponsorship business                                 180,253                          132,448

Expenses for financial advisory business                                               943                             2,321

Other commission expenses                                                            2,700                            2,727

Total                                                                            4,328,290                        4,745,839




9 Interest expenses


                                                                                Year ended 31 December




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                                                                                     2023                            2022



Interest expenses on long-term bonds                                            4,876,439                         4,454,208
Interest expenses on financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                                                3,954,529                         2,608,777




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
  agreements
Interest expenses on placements from banks and other financial
                                                                                 1,935,432                        1,904,572
  institutions
Interest expenses on short-term debt instruments issued                           704,782                          899,652

Interest expenses of accounts payable to brokerage clients                        1,187,166                        792,845

Interest expenses on short-term bank loans                                         597,601                          157,578

Interest expenses on lease liabilities                                              63,271                           53,716

Interest expenses on long-term bank loans                                           59,122                          39,067

Others                                                                            284,567                          200,924

Total                                                                           13,662,909                         11,111,339




                                                                                                                                305
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          10 Staff costs


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                        Note                      2023                                  2022



          Salaries, bonuses and allowances                                                     7,245,418                            7,640,457

          Contribution to pension schemes                                                       942,195                              1,217,392

          Share-based payment expense                                   63                      187,494                              249,094

          Other social welfare                                                                  996,735                              944,955

          Total                                                                                9,371,842                            10,051,898




          The domestic employees of the Group in the PRC participate in social welfare plans, including pension, medical, housing,
          and other welfare benefits, organised and administered by the governmental authorities. According to the relevant
          regulations, the premiums and welfare benefits contributions that should be borne by the Group are calculated on a regular
          basis and paid to the labour and social welfare authorities. The contributions to the social security plans are expensed as
          incurred.

          The Group provides its full-time employees in Mainland China and certain countries or jurisdictions outside Mainland
          China with relevant pension plans as required by the governments or by local labour laws, including the basic pension
          plan in Mainland China, the Mandatory Provident Funds in Hong Kong and other statutory plans in certain countries outside
          Mainland China. The Group did not have any forfeited contributions under these pension plans.

          The Group also provides an enterprise annuity plan to employees in Mainland China. According to the plan, when an
          employee resigns, part of the contributed amount may be returned to the Company's enterprise annuity account based
          on his/her actual working time. Such returned contributions had no impact on the level of annuity contributions for existing
          employees. The Group did not utilise any of such forfeited contributions to reduce the existing level of contributions.



          11 Depreciation and amortisation expenses


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                  2023                                  2022



          Amortisation of land-use rights and other intangible assets                            571,151                             430,469

          Depreciation of property and equipment                                               1,123,754                             982,420

            - Right-of-use assets                                                               590,215                               525,031

            - Other property and equipment                                                      533,539                              457,389
           Amortisation of leasehold improvements and long-term
                                                                                                 151,130                              127,043
            deferred expenses
          Depreciation of investment properties                                                   10,374                               12,644

          Total                                                                                1,856,409                            1,552,576




          12 Tax and surcharges


                                                                                              Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                  2023                                  2022



          City maintenance and construction tax                                                   71,367                               81,378

          Education surcharges                                                                   52,929                                58,348

          Others                                                                                 63,368                                50,245

          Total                                                                                 187,664                                189,971




306
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
13 Other operating expenses


                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                        2023                    2022



Cost of commodity sales                                             4,935,251                3,259,403

IT expenses                                                         2,283,005                 1,955,741

Litigation and regulatory matters (Note58)                            700,119                     292

Marketing, advertising and promotion expenses                         482,319                 600,943

Stock exchange fees                                                  476,254                   418,653


                                                                                                                   About Us
Travel expenses                                                       377,100                 226,542

Consulting fees                                                       352,224                  526,316

Postal and communication expenses                                     322,632                  277,532

Securities investor protection funds                                  110,900                   111,428

Utilities                                                             68,409                    52,747

Products distribution expenses                                         55,377                   38,397

Rental expenses                                                        39,142                   41,566

Auditors' remuneration                                                 12,022                   12,520




                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
Others                                                               1,429,619                1,127,026

Total                                                               11,644,373               8,649,106




14 Impairment losses under expected credit loss model, net of reversal                                           and Strategies


                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                        2023                    2022



Reversal of impairment losses against cash and bank balances            (290)                    (351)




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Reversal of impairment losses against margin accounts receivable      (6,325)                (387,636)
Provision for / (reversal of) impairment losses against other
                                                                       23,917                    (720)
  receivables and interest receivable
Provision for / (reversal of) impairment losses against debt
                                                                          367                  (9,969)
  instruments at amortised cost
Provision for / (reversal of) impairment losses against financial
                                                                        11,753                (69,406)
  assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
(Reversal of) / provision for impairment losses against financial
                                                                    (485,801)                   15,392
  assets held under resale agreements
Provision for / (reversal of) impairment losses against accounts
  receivable                                                           45,433                 (32,659)

Total                                                               (410,946)                (485,349)




                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                          307
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          15 Income tax expense

          (a) Taxation in the consolidated income statements represents:


                                                                                                 Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                     2023                                 2022
                                                                                                                                    (Restated)



          Current income tax

             - Mainland China                                                                     1,080,281                           1,038,734

             - Hong Kong                                                                           128,348                                4,852

             - Overseas                                                                             321,369                             178,024

                                                                                                 1,529,998                             1,221,610

          Adjustment in respect of prior years

             - Mainland China                                                                     (28,198)                               27,018

             - Hong Kong                                                                                 -                             (62,700)

                                                                                                  (28,198)                             (35,682)



          Deferred tax                                                                           (333,396)                             (324,511)

          Total                                                                                   1,168,404                             861,417




          (1) According to the PRC Corporate Income Tax ("CIT") Law that took effect on 1 January 2008, the Company and the Group's
          subsidiaries in the Mainland China are subject to CIT at the statutory tax rate of 25%.

          (2) Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable profits. The federal income
          tax of subsidiaries in the United States were provided at the rate of 21%, whereas the states' income tax are charged at the
          applicable local tax rates.

          (3) The Group has applied the temporary exception from the accounting requirements for deferred taxes in IAS 12.
          Accordingly, the Group neither recognises nor discloses information about deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar
          Two income taxes.

          The government of United Kingdom where the group entity is incorporated, enacted the Pillar Two income taxes legislation
          effective from 1 January 2024. Under the legislations, the entity in United Kingdom will be required to pay top-up tax on
          profits that are taxed at an effective tax rate of less than 15 per cent. As at 31 December 2023, the annual profits from
          jurisdiction where the Pillar Two legislation is enacted or substantially enacted but not yet in effect is less than 0.1 per cent of
          the Group's total annual profits. The Group is continuing to assess the impact of the Pillar Two income taxes legislation on its
          future financial performance.




308
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(b) Reconciliation between income tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rate:


                                                                               Year ended 31 December

                                                                                   2023                      2022



Profit before income tax                                                       14,204,664                12,228,038

Notional tax calculated using the PRC statutory tax rate                        3,551,166                3,057,009

Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                            274,688                   336,175

Tax effect of non-taxable income                                              (2,302,220)               (2,239,673)
Tax effect of deductible temporary differences or unused tax


                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                                     544                    16,064
  losses not recognised
Effect of using the deductible tax losses for which no deferred tax
                                                                                 (10,033)                   (5,193)
  asset was recognised in previous period
Effect of different tax rates of the subsidiaries                               (141,529)                 (169,573)

Adjustment in respect of prior years                                             (28,198)                 (35,682)

Others (Note)                                                                   (176,014)                  (97,710)

Income tax expense for the year                                                 1,168,404                   861,417




                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
Note:The balance of others mainly represents tax impact of dividends to perpetual subordinated bonds.




                                                                                                                             and Strategies




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                      309
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          16 Directors' and supervisors' remuneration

          The remuneration of directors and supervisors for current year who held office is as follows:



                                                                              Year ended 31 December 2023
                                                                  Salaries,   Contribution
                                                           allowances and      to pension       Discretionary     Annuity
          Name                           Directors' fees   benefits in kind      schemes             bonuses        plan     Total



          Executive directors

            Zhang Wei                                  -               458              46                  665       167     1,336

            Zhou Yi                                    -              1,440             46               2,127        147    3,760

            Yin lihong(2)                              -                413             46                  599       148     1,206



          Non-executive directors

            Ding Feng(1)                               -                  -              -                    -         -        -

            Chen Zhongyang(1)(2)                       -                  -              -                    -         -        -

            Ke Xiang(1)                                -                  -              -                    -         -        -

            Liu Changchun(1)(8)                        -                  -              -                    -         -        -

            Zhang Jin Xin(1)(4)                        -                  -              -                    -         -        -

            Hu Xiao(1)(7)                              -                  -              -                    -         -        -



          Independent non-executive
            directors
            Wang Jianwen                            240                   -              -                    -         -      240

            Wang Quansheng(2)                       240                   -              -                    -         -      240

            Peng Bing(4)                            240                   -              -                    -         -      240

            Wang Bing(4)                            240                   -              -                    -         -      240

            Tse Yung Hoi(4)                         240                   -              -                    -         -      240



          Supervisors

            Gu Chengzhong                              -              1,079             46               1,730        155     3,010

            Li Chongqi(1)(4)                           -                  -              -                    -         -        -

            Yu Lanying(1)                              -                  -              -                    -         -        -

            Zhang Xiaohong(1)                          -                  -              -                    -         -        -

            Zhou Hongrong(1)(4)                        -                  -              -                    -         -        -

            Wang Ying                                  -               996              46              1,090          80     2,212

            Wang Juan                                  -                621             46              1,340           71   2,078

          Total                                    1,200              5,007            276               7,551        768    14,802




310
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                  Year ended 31 December 2022
                                                      Salaries,    Contribution
                                              allowances and        to pension      Discretionary       Annuity
Name                        Directors' fees    benefits in kind      \schemes            bonuses          plan    Total



Executive directors

 Zhang Wei                                -                449               43                 1,010       208     1,710

 Zhou Yi                                  -               1,396              43             2,280           186   3,905

 Yin lihong(2)                            -                235               26                  193        184     638

 Zhu Xuebo(3) (9)                         -                   -               -                    -          -        -




                                                                                                                                     About Us
Non-executive directors

 Ding Feng(1)                             -                   -               -                    -          -        -

 Chen Zhongyang(1)(2)                     -                   -               -                    -          -        -

 Ke Xiang(1)                              -                   -               -                    -          -        -



 Zhang Jin Xin(1)(4)                      -                   -               -                    -          -        -

 Chen Yongbing(1)(3)                      -                   -               -                    -          -        -

 Hu Xiao(1)(7)                            -                   -               -                    -          -        -




                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
 Wang Tao(1)(5)                           -                   -               -                    -          -        -




                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
Independent non-executive
  directors
 Wang Jianwen                          240                    -               -                    -          -     240

 Wang Quansheng(2)                      140                   -               -                    -          -      140

 Peng Bing(4)                            20                   -               -                    -          -      20

 Wang Bing(4)                            20                   -               -                    -          -      20

 Tse Yung Hoi(4)                         20                   -               -                    -          -      20

 Chen Chuanming(3)                      120                   -               -                    -          -      120

 Liu Yan(6)                            240                    -               -                    -          -     240




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
 Chen Zhibin(6)                        240                    -               -                    -          -     240

 Au King Chi (6)                       240                    -               -                    -          -     240



Supervisors

 Gu Chengzhong                            -                 912              43             2,650           128   3,733

 Li Chongqi(1)(4)                         -                   -               -                    -          -        -

 Yu Lanying(1)                            -                   -               -                    -          -        -

 Zhang Xiaohong(1)                        -                   -               -                    -          -        -

 Zhou Hongrong(1)(4)                      -                   -               -                    -          -        -

 Wang Ying                                -                 912              43              1,560          100    2,615




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
 Wang Juan                                -                564               43              1,400           88   2,095

 Fan Chunyan(1)(6)                        -                   -               -                    -          -        -

 Zhang Ming(1)(6)                         -                   -               -                    -          -        -




                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
Total                                 1,280               4,468             241             9,093           894   15,976




                                                                                                                            311
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (1) The remunerations of these non-executive directors and supervisors of the Company were borne by its shareholders
          and other related parties including Jiangsu Guoxin Investment Group Limited, Jiangsu Communications Holdings Co., Ltd.,
          Jiangsu SOHO Holdings Group Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Govtor Capital Group Co., Ltd., etc. No allocation of the remunerations
          between these shareholders and the Group has been made during the reporting period.

          (2) Appointed as executive director, non-executive director or independent non-executive director on 22 June 2022.

          (3) Resigned as executive director, non-executive director or independent non-executive director on 22 June 2022.

          (4) Appointed as non-executive director, independent non-executive director or supervisor on 30 December 2022.

          (5) Resigned as non-executive director on 14 April 2022.

          (6) Resigned as independent non-executive director or supervisor on 30 December 2022.

          (7) Resigned as non-executive director on 19 September 2023.

          (8) Appointed as non-executive director on 24 November 2023.

          (9) Mr. Zhu Xuebo, a former executive director of the Company, received remuneration from China Southern Asset
          Management.

          (10) For the year ended 31 December 2023, in addition to remuneration of directors and supervisors as disclosed above, the
          Company recognized share-based payment expense amounted to RMB1,389 thousand, for the restricted shares granted to
          Zhou Yi under Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares (For the year ended 31 December 2022: RMB2,094 thousand).

          There were no amounts paid during the year ended 31 December 2023 to the directors and supervisors in connection with
          their retirement from employment or compensation for loss of office with the Company, or inducement to join. During the
          year, there was no arrangement under which a director or a supervisor who had resigned waived or agreed to waive any
          remuneration.



          17 Individuals with highest emoluments

          Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, none are directors or supervisors whose emoluments are disclosed in
          Note 16. The aggregate of the emoluments are as follows:



                                                                                        Year ended 31 December

                                                                                            2023                               2022



          Salaries and allowances                                                           11,272                             16,484

          Discretionary bonuses                                                            70,652                              23,332

          Employer's contribution to pension schemes                                           82                                637

          Share-based payments                                                               868                               52,871

          Total                                                                           82,874                               93,324




          The emoluments with the highest emoluments are within the following bands:




312
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2023                                    2022

                                                                    Number of individuals                      Number of individuals



RMB10,000,001 to RMB11,000,000                                                             1                                       -

RMB11,000,001 to RMB12,000,000                                                             -                                       -

RMB12,000,001 to RMB13,000,000                                                             1                                       -

RMB13,000,001 to RMB14,000,000                                                             2                                       -

RMB14,000,001 to RMB15,000,000                                                             -                                       -

Over RMB15,000,000                                                                         1                                       5



                                                                                                                                                 About Us
Total                                                                                      5                                       5




No emoluments are paid or payable to these individuals as retirement from employment or as an inducement to join or
upon joining the Company or as compensation for loss of office during the reporting period.



18 Other comprehensive income



                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2023

                                                                  Before tax                   Tax expense                Net of tax




                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
Net gain from debt instruments at FVOCI                              106,977                       (22,779)                   84,198

Equity instruments at FVOCI:

  - Net movements in fair value reserve (non-recycling)                17,759                       (4,760)                   12,999

Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                            (3,571)                            -                    (3,571)
Share of other comprehensive
                                                                    (40,580)                             -                 (40,580)
  income of associates and joint ventures
Exchange differences on translation of
  financial statements in foreign currencies                         262,953                             -                  262,953




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Total                                                               343,538                        (27,539)                  315,999




                                                                                 Year ended 31 December 2022

                                                                  Before tax                   Tax expense                Net of tax



Net gain from debt instruments at FVOCI                             (122,522)                        14,624                 (107,898)

Equity instruments at FVOCI:

 - Net movements in fair value reserve (non-recycling)              (59,673)                          9,838                 (49,835)

Reserve from cash flow hedging instruments                            56,827                              -                   56,827




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Share of other comprehensive
                                                                        18,719                            -                    18,719
  income of associates and joint ventures
Exchange differences on translation of
  financial statements in foreign currencies                         1,278,136                            -                 1,278,136

Total                                                                1,171,487                       24,462                 1,195,949




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                        313
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          19 Basic and diluted earnings per share

          (1) Basic earnings per share

          Basic earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
          Company by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                                       Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                           2022
                                                                           Note
                                                                                                                          (Restated)


          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary
           shareholders of the Company (in RMB thousands)                 19(1)(a)            12,167,133                    10,620,106
          Weighted average number of ordinary
           shares (in thousands)                                          19(1)(b)            8,996,366                    8,985,546
          Basic earnings per share attributable to ordinary
           shareholders (in RMB per share)                                                          1.35                           1.18




          (a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (in RMB thousands)


                                                                                               Year ended 31 December
                                                                                                   2023                         2022
                                                                                                                          (Restated)



          Consolidated net profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company           12,750,633                   11,053,987

          Dividends declared under Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares                 (12,507)                    (19,992)
          Profit attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds holders
            of the Company (i)                                                                 (570,993)                    (413,889)
          Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
           of the Company (Adjusted)                                                            12,167,133                 10,620,106




          (i) For the purpose of calculating basic earnings per ordinary share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2023,
          RMB571million (2022: RMB414 million) attributable to perpetual subordinated bonds were deducted from profits attributable
          to shareholders of the Company.


          (b) Weighted average number of ordinary shares (in thousands)


                                                                                             Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2023                           2022



          Number of ordinary shares as at 1 January                                           9,075,589                     9,076,650

          Decrease in weighted average number of ordinary shares                               (79,223)                       (91,104)

          Weighted average number of ordinary shares                                          8,996,366                    8,985,546




314
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(2) Diluted earnings per share

Diluted earnings per share is calculated as dividing consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the
Company (diluted) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding:



                                                                                   Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2023                           2022
                                                                         Note
                                                                                                                     (Restated)


Consolidated net profit attributable to
 ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted)                         19(2)(a)        11,984,829                    10,393,415



                                                                                                                                             About Us
Weighted average number of ordinary shares
 outstanding (in thousands)                                             19(2)(b)        9,006,563                     8,985,546
Diluted earnings per share attributable to
  ordinary shareholders (in Renminbi per share)                                                1.33                          1.16




(a) Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders of the Company (diluted) is
calculated as follows:




                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2023                           2022
                                                                                                                     (Restated)




                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
                                                                                         12,167,133                   10,620,106
 of the Company (Adjusted)
Diluted adjustments:
Effect of dividends declared under Restricted Stock
                                                                                            12,507                             -
  Incentive Scheme of A Shares(i)
Effect of conversion of convertible bonds from the associate
                                                                                         (192,227)                     (225,720)
  of the Company(ii)
                                                                (iii)
Assumed vesting of shares granted to employees of a subsidiary                            (2,584)                          (971)




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
Consolidated net profit attributable to ordinary shareholders
 of the Company (diluted)                                                               11,984,829                    10,393,415




(i) The Group granted Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A shares to certain employees in 2021. Diluted earnings per
share should take into account both the impact of the cash dividend of the current period distributed to the holders of
restricted shares who are expected to reach the unlocking conditions and estimate number of restricted shares which will
be unlocked. After considering the abovementioned impact, the Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme has a dilutive effect for
the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: anti-dilutive).

(ii) Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. ("Bank of Jiangsu"), the associate of the Company issued convertible bonds in 2019. Diluted
earnings per share takes into account the potential dilutive impact on the Group's share of profits of this associate due to




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
the potential full conversion of bonds to shares.

(iii) The dilutive effect is due to the share-based payment schemes of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. ("AssetMark").




                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
(b) Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding (diluted) is calculated as follows:


                                                                                        Year ended 31 December
                                                                                            2023                           2022



Weighted average number of ordinary shares at 31 December                               8,996,366                     8,985,546

Diluted adjustments:

Effect of Restricted Stock Incentive Scheme of A shares                                     10,197                             -

Weighted average number of ordinary shares(diluted)                                     9,006,563                     8,985,546




                                                                                                                                    315
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          20 Property and equipment


                                                     Motor      Electronic      Furniture     Construction    Right-of-use
                                      Buildings    vehicles    equipment      and fixtures     in progress          assets          Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2023        4,689,613      161,582      1,917,816       424,009          195,750        2,515,403      9,904,173

          Additions                      33,595        8,154      274,094           90,614         471,520          612,601      1,490,578

          Transfer during the year            -           -           650             5,811       (101,480)               -       (95,019)
          Transfer in from
             investment properties      125,660           -              -               -               -                -        125,660
             (Note 21)
          Disposals                       (298)     (12,940)      (73,588)        (32,591)               -       (509,270)      (628,687)

          As at 31 December 2023      4,848,570     156,796       2,118,972       487,843          565,790        2,618,734     10,796,705



          Accumulated
           depreciation
          As at 1 January 2023       (1,202,470)   (92,247)     (945,500)         (271,132)              -       (1,105,441)   (3,616,790)

          Charge for the year         (135,906)     (17,200)     (326,871)        (53,562)               -        (590,215)     (1,123,754)
          Transfer in from
             investment properties     (54,732)           -              -               -               -                -      (54,732)
             (Note 21)
          Disposals                         128       7,385         52,493           13,101              -         445,174         518,281

          As at 31 December 2023     (1,392,980)   (102,062)    (1,219,878)      (311,593)               -      (1,250,482)    (4,276,995)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2023      3,455,590      54,734       899,094          176,250         565,790        1,368,252      6,519,710




316
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                             Motor       Electronic       Furniture      Construction     Right-of-use
                           Buildings       vehicles     equipment       and fixtures      in progress           assets           Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2022        3,910,449        151,202        1,711,037        348,516           96,059         2,054,590       8,271,853

Additions                            -        43,818        366,134           76,964            212,731         816,869        1,516,516

Transfer during the year          798              -              22            2,156         (113,040)                -      (110,064)
Transfer in from
  investment properties        122,515             -               -                -                -                 -        122,515
  (Note 21)
Acquisition of
                              656,612              -             251             208                 -                 -       657,071
  subsidiaries


                                                                                                                                                    About Us
Disposals                        (196)      (33,438)       (159,628)         (3,835)                 -        (356,056)      (553,153)
Transfer to investment
  properties(Note 21)           (565)              -               -                -                -                 -         (565)
As at 31 December 2022      4,689,613        161,582        1,917,816        424,009           195,750        2,515,403      9,904,173



Accumulated
 depreciation
As at 1 January 2022        (1,014,410)     (110,198)     (803,768)         (243,106)                -        (922,149)     (3,093,631)

Charge for the year         (128,479)       (12,393)      (285,399)           (31,118)               -        (525,031)      (982,420)




                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
Transfer in from
  investment properties      (59,961)              -               -                -                -                 -      (59,961)
  (Note 21)




                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
Disposals                            11      30,344         143,667            3,092                 -          341,739        518,853
Transfer to investment
  properties(Note 21)             369              -               -                -                -                 -           369
As at 31 December 2022     (1,202,470)      (92,247)      (945,500)         (271,132)                -        (1,105,441)   (3,616,790)



Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2022      3,487,143        69,335         972,316           152,877          195,750        1,409,962      6,287,383




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance
As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, included in buildings, there is a carrying amount of RMB37.57 million and
RMB40.57 million, respectively, for which the Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates.




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                           317
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          21 Investment properties


                                                                                         As at 31 December
                                                                                          2023                                           2022



          Cost

          As at 1 January                                                                388,132                                     512,654

          Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                 (125,660)                                    (122,515)

          Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                                    -                                           565

          Disposals                                                                            -                                      (2,572)

          As at 31 December                                                             262,472                                      388,132



          Accumulated depreciation

          As at 1 January                                                              (165,999)                                    (214,099)

          Charge for the year                                                           (10,374)                                     (12,644)

          Transfer in from property and equipment (Note 20)                                    -                                         (369)

          Transfer to property and equipment (Note 20)                                   54,732                                          59,961

          Disposals                                                                            -                                           1,152

          As at 31 December                                                             (121,641)                                   (165,999)



          Impairment

          As at 1 January                                                               (4,547)                                       (4,547)

          Impairment losses for the year                                                       -                                              -

          As at 31 December                                                             (4,547)                                       (4,547)



          Carrying amount                                                                136,284                                      217,586




          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, included in investment properties, there is a carrying amount of RMB4.37
          million and RMB4.74 million, respectively, for which the Group has yet to obtain the relevant land or building certificates.




318
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
22 Goodwill



Cost

As at 1 January 2023                                                                                                        3,352,219

Adjustment of acquisition through business combination                                                                         14,631

Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                                                         52,482

As at 31 December 2023                                                                                                      3,419,332




                                                                                                                                                 About Us
Impairment losses

As at 1 January 2023                                                                                                               -

Impairment losses                                                                                                                  -

As at 31 December 2023                                                                                                             -



Carrying amounts

As at 1 January 2023                                                                                                        3,352,219

As at 31 December 2023                                                                                                      3,419,332




                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
Cost

As at 1 January 2022                                                                                                       2,836,429




                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
Acquisition through business combination                                                                                     271,374

Effect of movements in exchange rates                                                                                        244,416

As at 31 December 2022                                                                                                      3,352,219



Impairment losses

As at 1 January 2022                                                                                                               -

Impairment losses                                                                                                                  -

As at 31 December 2022                                                                                                             -




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
Carrying amounts

As at 1 January 2022                                                                                                       2,836,429

As at 31 December 2022                                                                                                      3,352,219




The Group acquired the investment banking business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in
Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over
the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill.

The Group acquired the futures brokerage business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the interest in




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Huatai Futures Co., Ltd. (previously known as Great Wall Futures Co., Ltd.) in 2006. The Group recognised the excess of fair
value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill.

The Group acquired the overseas asset management business together with the relevant assets and liabilities, and the




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
interest in AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. in 2016. The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration
transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill.

AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc. in April 2019. The
Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets
acquired as goodwill of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc..

AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of WBI OBS Financial, Inc. in February 2020. The Group
recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired
as goodwill of WBI OBS Financial, Inc.. In 2021, the Group adjusts its organizational structure. AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.
's subsidiary, AssetMark, Inc., merged WBI OBS Financial, LLC. Considering this is a combination under the same control, the
goodwill remains unchanged.




                                                                                                                                        319
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Voyant, Inc. in July 2021. The Group recognised the excess of
          fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable assets acquired as goodwill of Voyant,
          Inc..

          AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. acquired 100% of the equity of Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. in December 2022.
          The Group recognised the excess of fair value of the consideration transferred over the fair value of the net identifiable
          assets acquired as goodwill of Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc.. During the year of 31 December 2023, the AssetMark
          Financial Holdings, Inc. finalized the valuation of identifiable assets and liabilities and goodwill and completed the
          acquisition accounting.

          Impairment testing on goodwill

          Goodwill is allocated to the Group's cash-generating units ("CGU") identified according to operating segment as follows:



                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                         2023                                        2022




          Investment banking                                                            51,090                                      51,090

          Futures brokerage                                                                252                                         252

          Overseas asset management                                                  3,367,990                                   3,300,877

          Total                                                                       3,419,332                                   3,352,219




          For the investment banking and futures brokerage CGU, the cash flows generated from each subsidiary acquired are
          independent. Therefore, each of these acquired subsidiaries is a separate CGU. For the overseas asset management CGU,
          the Group considered that the primary business of Global Financial Private Capital, Inc. acquired in 2019, WBI OBS Financial,
          Inc. acquired in 2020, Voyant, Inc. acquired in 2021 and Adhesion Wealth Advisor Solutions, Inc. acquired in 2022 are the
          same as AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., and they can bring synergies to overseas asset management business. The
          Group assessed that there was only one CGU within AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.. The Group performed the impairment
          test for the goodwill generated from each CGU.


          (1) Investment banking and futures brokerage CGU

          The recoverable amounts of each CGU are determined based on value-in-use calculations, respectively. These calculations
          use cash flow projections with reference to financial budgets approved by management covering certain period. Cash-
          flows beyond the certain period are extrapolated using an estimated weighted average growth rate, which does not
          exceed the long-term average growth rate. As at 31 December 2023, the discount rate used by the investment banking and
          futures brokerage CGUs were 16.00% and 16.39%, respectively (20.00% and 18.00%, respectively, as at 31 December 2022), and
          the weighted average growth rate were 5.00% and 6.60%, respectively (4.50% and 6.60%, respectively, as at 31 December
          2022). The discount rate and weighted average growth rate reflected the risks and growth expectations of the relevant
          CGUs.

          Other major assumptions for the recoverable amount estimation relate to the estimation of cash inflows / outflows which
          include budgeted income and profit margins. Such estimation is based on the CGU's past performance and management's
          expectations for the market development.


          (2) Overseas asset management CGU

          The recoverable amount of the CGU has been determined based on fair value less costs of disposal based on the stock
          price of AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc. in New York Stock Exchange. As at 31 December 2023, the stock price of AssetMark
          Financial Holdings, Inc. was USD29.95 per share and the issued common stock was 74,372,889 shares and the recoverable
          amount of overseas asset management CGU was RMB15,776 million, which was higher than the carrying amount .

          As at 31 December 2023, the Group performed its annual goodwill impairment test. No impairments were recognised for
          the goodwill related to investment banking CGU, futures brokerage CGU and overseas asset management CGU. The Group
          believes that appropriate assumptions have been made based on available information. The key assumptions based on
          the cash flow projections of the asset groups may change, which may cause the recoverable amounts to be over or below
          its book value.




320
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
23 Land-use rights and other intangible assets


                                                Existing          Enterprise
                                          relationships          distribution
                               Land-       with broker-    channel customer                       Software
                            use rights          dealers        relationships    Trade names     and others         Total



Cost

As at 1 January 2023         1,768,330         3,931,667              242,226        348,720      4,087,137    10,378,080
Adjustment of acquisition
 through business                    -                 -             (50,287)              -             -      (50,287)



                                                                                                                                      About Us
 combination
Additions                            -                 -                    -              -       603,829       603,829

Disposals                            -                 -                    -              -       (44,197)      (44,197)

Exchange differences                 -           79,738                 3,920          7,072         49,419       140,149

As at 31 December 2023       1,768,330         4,011,405              195,859        355,792      4,696,188    11,027,574



Accumulated amortisation

As at 1 January 2023         (158,886)                 -                    -      (178,508)    (2,600,870)   (2,938,264)

Charge for the year           (41,203)                 -                    -        (21,035)     (524,401)    (586,639)




                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Disposals                            -                 -                    -              -        42,097         42,097

Exchange differences                 -                 -                    -        (4,047)       (25,461)     (29,508)




                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
As at 31 December 2023      (200,089)                  -                    -      (203,590)    (3,108,635)    (3,512,314)



Carrying amount

As at 31 December 2023        1,568,241        4,011,405              195,859        152,202      1,587,553     7,515,260




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                             321
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                Existing          Enterprise
                                                          relationships          distribution
                                             Land-         with broker-    channel customer                         Software
                                          use rights            dealers        relationships     Trade names      and others           Total



          Cost

          As at 1 January 2022              1,768,330          3,636,197              202,009          312,824      3,298,487       9,217,847

          Acquisition of subsidiaries                -                 -               23,427            10,981        26,355         60,763

          Additions                                  -                 -                    -                -       565,955         565,955

          Disposals                                  -                 -                    -                -           (86)            (86)

          Exchange differences                       -          295,470                 16,790          24,915        196,426         533,601

          As at 31 December 2022            1,768,330          3,931,667              242,226         348,720        4,087,137     10,378,080



          Accumulated amortisation

          As at 1 January 2022                (117,114)                -                    -         (131,462)    (2,178,598)     (2,427,174)

          Charge for the year                (41,772)                  -                    -         (37,409)      (351,288)      (430,469)

          Disposals                                  -                 -                    -                -             86              86

          Exchange differences                       -                 -                    -          (9,637)        (71,070)       (80,707)

          As at 31 December 2022            (158,886)                  -                    -        (178,508)    (2,600,870)     (2,938,264)



          Carrying amount

          As at 31 December 2022            1,609,444          3,931,667              242,226           170,212     1,486,267       7,439,816




          Existing relationships with brokers-dealers and enterprise distribution channel customer relationships are not amortised
          while their useful lives are assessed to be indefinite because there is no foreseeable limit to the period over which the asset
          is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group.

          As at 31 December 2023, the Group performed its impairment test on the relationships with brokers-dealers based on
          the judgment of whether the recoverable amounts of the above individual intangible assets can be reliably estimated.
          The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use calculation. The Group uses cash flow projections with
          reference to Assetmark Financial Holdings, Inc.'s financial budget approved by management covering a 8-year period and
          the discount rate of 16.38%. The current rate has reflected the specific risks of the underlying assets. The cash flows for the
          years beyond the financial budget are estimated at the long-term average growth rate of 3.5%.

          As at 31 December 2023 the Group performed its impairment test on the enterprise distribution channel customer
          relationships based on the judgment of whether the recoverable amounts of the above individual intangible assets can be
          reliably estimated. The recoverable amounts are determined based on value-in-use calculation. The Group uses cash flow
          projections with reference to Voyant, Inc.'s financial budget approved by management covering a 10-year period and the
          discount rate of 18.78%. The current rate has reflected the specific risks of the underlying assets. The cash flows for the years
          beyond the financial budget are estimated at the long-term average growth rate of 2.5%.

          Based on management's impairment assessment of the Group, no impairment loss was recognised for the year ended 31
          December 2023 (31 December 2022: Nil).




322
      24 Investments in subsidiaries

      (a) Details of principal subsidiaries

      The following list contains only the particulars of subsidiaries which principally affected the results, assets or liabilities of the Group. Unless otherwise stated, the class of shares hold is
      ordinary, and the issued and fully paid-up capital is expressed in Renminbi Yuan:


                                                                              Place and date of
                                                                                 Incorporation /     Issued and fully    Equity interest held by the Company                                             Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                               establishment and business       paid-up capital               as at 31 December                      Principal activity              GAAP
                                                                                                                                     2023                      2022                                     2023                2022



                                                                                            PRC                  RMB                                                             Investment       Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.(4) (6)                                                                                    100.00%                 99.92%
                                                                               5 September 1997           997,480,000                                                               banking         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                              PRC                RMB                                                                 Futures      Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Futures Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                                  100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                     10 July 1995       3,939,000,000                                                             brokerage         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                             PRC                 RMB                                                                  Equity      Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Purple Gold Investment Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                   100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                  12 August 2008        5,200,000,000                                                            investment         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                     Hong Kong                   HKD                                                               Securities         Deloitte            Deloitte
      Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited(2)                                                                             100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                              23 November 2006          8,800,000,000                                                 and futures brokerage           HKFRSs               HKFRSs


                                                                                      Hong Kong                   HKD                                                                Holding          Deloitte            Deloitte
      Huatai International Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                            100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                      5 April 2017      10,200,000,002                                                             company            HKFRSs               HKFRSs


                                                                                           PRC                   RMB                                                              Alternative     Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                                    100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                               21 November 2013         2,600,000,000                                                            investment         PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                            PRC                  RMB                                                                Asset         Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Securities (Shanghai) Assets Management Co., Ltd.(4)                                                                  100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                 16 October 2014        2,600,000,000                                                         management            PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP




323
                                          Financial Report and                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                                                        Corporate Governance                                                                           About Us                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                        Documents for Inspection                                                                    and Strategies
324



                                                                             Place and date of
                                                                                Incorporation /    Issued and fully    Equity interest held by the Company                                        Auditor(1)
      Name of company                                              establishment and business      paid-up capital               as at 31 December                    Principal activity           GAAP
                                                                                                                                                                                                                              HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                                                                                   2023                      2022                                2023                2022



      Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical Industry Investment (Limited                             PRC                RMB                                                               Equity    Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
                                                                                                                                 45.00%                  45.00%
       Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                                        1 June 2015                 -                                                          investment       PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                            PRC                 RMB                                                              Equity    Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Yili Suxin Investment Fund (Limited Partnership) (2)(3)(5)                                                                  24.73%                 24.73%
                                                                                19 February 2016       1,348,088,000                                                        investment       PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP


                                                                                             US                USD                                                             Asset         KPMG LLP             KPMG LLP
      AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.(2)                                                                                      68.40%                  68.89%
                                                                                 1 January 1996              73,563                                                      management          US GAAP              US GAAP


                                                                                                                                                                    Spread trading and
                                                                                          PRC                 RMB                                                                          Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Capital Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                                       100.00%                 100.00%    commodity warrant
                                                                               6 December 2013         650,000,000                                                                           PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP
                                                                                                                                                                                trading


                                                                                           PRC                 RMB                                                         Investment      Deloitte PRC        Deloitte PRC
      Huatai Great Wall Investment Management Co., Ltd.(2)(4)                                                                    100.00%                 100.00%
                                                                                  3 August 2017         550,000,000                                                      management          PRC GAAP            PRC GAAP
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(1) Auditors of the respective subsidiaries of the Group are as follows:

- Deloitte PRC represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Certified Public Accountants LLP, a firm of certified public accountants
registered in PRC;

- Deloitte represents Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu in Hong Kong, a firm of certified public accountants registered in Hong
Kong;

- KPMG LLP represents KPMG in the United States, a firm of certified public accountants registered in the United States.

(2) These subsidiaries are indirectly controlled by the Company.



                                                                                                                                               About Us
(3) As at 31 December 2023, the Company indirectly held less than 50% of the equity of Beijing Huatai Ruihe Medical
Industry Investment (Limited Partnership) and Yili Suxin Investment Fund (Limited Partnership). According to the articles of
partnership agreement, the Company has the power to control these funds and has the ability to use the power to affect
the Company's variable return amount. Therefore, they are included in the scope of the consolidated financial statements.

(4) Company with limited liability in Mainland China.

(5) Limited partnership in Mainland China.

(6) During the year, the Company purchased 0.0812% of its interest in Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd. ("Huatai United"),



                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
increasing its continuing interest to 100%. The Company paid a final purchase price of RMB5,373 thousand. The registration
procedures for industrial and commercial changes in equity changes have been completed. The equity interest held by the
Company is 100% after the purchase. For the year ended 31 December 2023, the profit of Huatai United allocated to non-


                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
controlling interests was RMB85 thousand.


(b) Partially-owned subsidiaries with material non-controlling interests

The following tables list out the information relating to AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc., the subsidiary of the Group which
have material non-controlling interest ("NCI"). The summarised financial information presented below represents the
amounts before any inter-company elimination:




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                                                             AssetMark Financial Holdings, Inc.
                                                                                        2023                                 2022



NCI percentage                                                                         31.60%                                31.11%

Assets                                                                              11,495,473                         10,528,077

Liabilities                                                                       (2,545,688)                         (2,699,030)

Net assets                                                                          8,949,785                           7,829,047

Carrying amount of NCI                                                               2,828,132                         2,435,946



Revenue                                                                             3,790,829                          3,067,256




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
Profit for the year                                                                   862,889                              678,071

Other comprehensive income                                                               1,008                              (1,056)

Total comprehensive income                                                            863,897                              677,015




                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
Profit allocated to NCI                                                               270,973                              228,739

Dividend paid to NCI                                                                        -                                    -



Cash flows from operating activities                                                1,230,868                              943,679

Cash flows from investing activities                                                (384,982)                          (638,926)

Cash flows from financing activities                                                (166,542)                                8,461




                                                                                                                                      325
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          25 Interests in associates


                                                                                                                  As at 31 December

                                                                                                                   2023                                                      2022



          Share of net assets                                                                                19,496,027                                                  18,276,443




          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group has pledged the shares of interest in associates with a total book
          value of RMB4,696 million and RMB4,649 million to China Securities Finance Corporation Limited ("CSF") for refinancing and
          supporting the Group's securities lending business, respectively.

          The following list contains only the particulars of material associates, all of which (except that Bank of Jiangsu has been
          listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange) are unlisted corporate entities whose quoted market price is not available:



                                                                                                        Proportion of owner ship interest
                                               Registered                                                                                                                Principal
          Name of associate                         place    Registered capital      Group's effective interest Held by the Company        Held by a subsidiary           activity

                                                            31/12/2023 31/12/2022     2023/12/31    2022/12/31    2023/12/31 2022/12/31    2023/12/31 2022/12/31

                          (i)                                                                                                                                          Commercial
          Bank of Jiangsu                         Nanjing    18,351,324 14,769,657         5.03%         5.88%         5.03%      5.88%             -             -
                                                                                                                                                                          banking


          China Southern Asset                                                                                                                                              Fund
                                                Shenzhen       361,720     361,720         41.16%        41.16%        41.16%     41.16%            -             -
           Management Co .,Ltd.                                                                                                                                       management


          Nanjing Huatai Ruilian NO.1 Funds                                                                                                                                  Equity
                                                  Nanjing    5,442,000   5,442,000        48.27%        48.27%             -          -        48.27%     48.27%
           Mergers (Limited Partnership)(ii)                                                                                                                            investment




          All the above associates are accounted for using the equity method in the consolidated financial statements.

          (i) The Company has appointed one director in the board of directors of Bank of Jiangsu. The Company formulated certain
          specific implementation measures on the finance and operation policy-making of Bank of Jiangsu that had a significant
          influence over it. As at 31 December 2023, convertible bonds issued by Bank of Jiangsu have been converted to 3,581,790,791
          shares. In addition, the Company purchased 55,456,398 A-shares of Bank of Jiangsu through the secondary market in 2023.
          As at 31 December 2023, the equity ratio of Bank of Jiangsu held by the Company was changed from 5.88% to 5.03%, and
          the impact was recognised in capital reserve amounted to RMB986,645 thousand.

          (ii) As at 31 December 2023, the Group holds 48.27% equity interest of Nanjing Huatai Ruilian No.1 Funds Mergers (Limited
          Partnership) ("No.1 Funds Mergers"). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group is the co-manager of the
          fund, which has a significant influence over the fund. Therefore, it is accounted as an associate of the Group.

          Summarised financial information of Bank of Jiangsu, China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd. and NO. 1 Funds Mergers
          which are individually significant associates to the Group are disclosed below:




326
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Bank of Jiangsu



                                                                                          2023                          2022



Gross amounts of the associate

Assets                                                                            3,336,345,824                 2,980,403,000

Liabilities                                                                      (3,083,078,522)               (2,764,867,949)

Net assets                                                                          253,267,302                    215,535,051

Revenue                                                                              58,677,847                    70,570,000




                                                                                                                                          About Us
Profit for the year                                                                  26,574,024                     26,459,381

Other comprehensive income                                                              836,703                       279,239

Total comprehensive income                                                            27,410,727                   26,738,620

Dividend received from the associate                                                    426,010                       332,800



Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                              10,577,267                     9,841,473




Note: Bank of Jiangsu is a joint-stock bank listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. The annual financial information of



                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
Bank of Jiangsu is usually announced after the announcement of the Group's financial results. The financial information
presented above is extracted from the Third Quarterly Report of Bank of Jiangsu Co., Ltd. 2023. The Group measured the



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
carrying amount of its investment in Bank of Jiangsu based on the financial information of the first three quarters of 2023
and took into account the impact of adjustments in the fourth quarter of 2023.

China Southern Asset Management Co., Ltd.



                                                                                          2023                          2022



Gross amounts of the associate




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
Assets                                                                                13,926,073                    14,133,326

Liabilities                                                                         (4,303,783)                    (5,247,733)

Net assets                                                                            9,622,290                     8,885,593

Revenue                                                                                6,741,416                    6,469,487

Profit for the year                                                                    2,011,255                     1,770,586

Other comprehensive income                                                               (1,412)                       33,909

Total comprehensive income                                                            2,009,843                      1,804,495

Dividend received from the associate                                                    492,991                        614,702



Reconciled to the Group's interest in the associate:

Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company                         9,324,416                    8,632,609




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
The Group's effective interest                                                            41.16%                        41.16%

The Group's share of net assets of the associate                                      3,837,930                      3,553,182

Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                              3,837,930                      3,553,182




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 327
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          NO.1 Funds Mergers



                                                                                       2023          2022



          Gross amounts of the associate

          Assets                                                                    2,602,955     3,517,571

          Liabilities                                                               (39,055)       (10,413)

          Net assets                                                                2,563,900    3,507,158

          Revenue                                                                      51,243   (1,613,876)

          Profit for the year                                                         50,867    (1,647,565)

          Other comprehensive income                                                       -             -

          Total comprehensive income                                                  50,867    (1,647,565)

          Dividend received from the associate                                       460,428       212,584



          Reconciled to the Group's interest in the associate:

          Net assets of the associate attributable to the parent company            2,563,900    3,507,158

          The Group's effective interest                                              48.27%        48.27%

          The Group's share of net assets of the associate                          1,237,595    1,692,905

          Other adjustment                                                           (31,756)     (50,563)

          Carrying amount in the consolidated financial statements                  1,205,839    1,642,342




          Aggregate information of associates that are not individually material:



                                                                                       2023          2022


          Aggregate carrying amount of individually immaterial associates in the
           consolidated financial statements                                        3,874,991    3,239,446



          Aggregate amounts of the Group's share of those associates' gains          265,093      (194,194)

          Other comprehensive income                                                       -             -

          Total comprehensive income                                                 265,093      (194,194)




328
                                                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
26 Interests in joint ventures


                                                                                                          As at 31 December
                                                                                                           2023                                 2022



Unlisted investment in a joint venture at fair
                                                                                                         380,612                               741,464
 value through profit or loss (i)
Unlisted investment in a joint venture                                                                   918,793                              964,720

Total                                                                                                   1,299,405                             1,706,184




(i) The Group elected to measure its investment in Huatai International Greater Bay Area Investment Fund, L.P. of RMB380.61                                        About Us
million held through Huatai Financial Holdings (Hong Kong) Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary, at fair value through profit
or loss as management measured the performance of this joint venture on a fair value basis.

The following list contains only the particulars of unlisted joint venture, which is accounted for using the equity method in
the consolidated financial statements, and details of the joint venture as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 are
as follows:




                                                                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
                                                                                        Proportion of ownership interest
                                                 Registered   Registered    Group's effective          Held by the             Held by a    Principal




                                                                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Name of joint venture                                 place      capital             interest           Company               subsidiary     activity


Huatai Merchants (Jiangsu)
 Capital Market Investment Fund                                                                                                                 Equity
 of Funds (Limited Partnership) (i)                 Nanjing    10,001,000              10.00%                       -             10.00%   investment




(i) As at 31 December 2023, the Group held 10.00% equity interest of Huatai Merchant (Jiangsu) Capital Market Investment
Fund of Funds (Limited Partnership). Pursuant to the limited partnership agreement, the Group and a third party




                                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
contractually agree to share control of the fund, and have rights to the net assets of the fund. The directors of the Group
consider the fund is jointly controlled by the Group and the third party, and it is therefore accounted for as a joint venture of
the Group.




                                                                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                          329
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          27 Debt instruments at amortised cost

          (a) Analysed by nature:

          Non-current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                                 2022



          Debt securities                                                                   45,409,678                           36,590,612

          Less: impairment losses                                                              (5,096)                              (3,905)

          Total                                                                             45,404,582                           36,586,707



          Analysed as:

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                          19,508,797                           15,935,425

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                              120,049                              134,246

          Unlisted                                                                          25,775,736                           20,517,036

          Total                                                                             45,404,582                           36,586,707




          Current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                                 2022



          Debt securities                                                                     4,712,633                           11,967,090

          Less: impairment losses                                                                (403)                               (1,227)

          Total                                                                               4,712,230                          11,965,863



          Analysed as:

          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                            2,291,361                           8,840,419

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                14,921                                    -

          Unlisted                                                                           2,405,948                            3,125,444

          Total                                                                               4,712,230                          11,965,863




          As at 31 December 2023, the Group has pledged debt instruments at amortised cost with a total fair value of RMB35,024
          million and carrying amount of RMB34,265 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business and derivative
          business (as at 31 December 2022: a total fair value of RMB48,206 million and carrying amount of RMB47,753 million).



          (b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                                 2022



          At the beginning of the year                                                            5,132                                15,115

          Charge/(reversal) for the year, net                                                      367                              (9,969)

          Written-off                                                                                -                                  (14)

          At the end of the year                                                                 5,499                                 5,132




330
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2023
28 Debt instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

(a) Analysed by nature:

Non-current



                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023                            2022



Debt securities                                                                15,027,489                       7,695,974


                                                                                                                                      About Us
Other debt instruments                                                           180,463                          204,621

Total                                                                          15,207,952                       7,900,595



Analysed as:

Listed outside Hong Kong                                                        2,466,091                       1,629,903

Listed inside Hong Kong                                                         1,078,108                         972,819

Unlisted                                                                       11,663,753                       5,297,873

Total                                                                          15,207,952                       7,900,595




                                                                                                                                   Operating Analysis
Current


                                                                                                                                    and Strategies
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023                            2022



Debt securities                                                                 1,054,048                       2,202,643

Other debt instruments                                                                 -                           401,141

Total                                                                           1,054,048                       2,603,784




                                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance
Analysed as:

Listed outside Hong Kong                                                          271,786                       1,506,397

Listed inside Hong Kong                                                          782,262                         696,246

Unlisted                                                                               -                           401,141

Total                                                                           1,054,048                       2,603,784




As at 31 December 2023, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income with a
total fair value of RMB3,654 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement business (as at 31 December 2022: RMB3,466




                                                                                                                                     Financial Report and
million).




                                                                                                                                   Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                             331
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          29 Equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income

          (a) Analysed by nature:

          Non-current



                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                               2023                             2022



          Equity securities designated at financial assets
            at fair value through other comprehensive income
            - Unlisted equity securities                                                      124,506                          241,587

          Total                                                                               124,506                          241,587



          Analysed as:

          Unlisted                                                                            124,506                          241,587




          Equity instruments at FVOCI include non-traded equity instruments held by the Group. As the equity instruments are not
          held for trading purpose, the Group has designated these investments as equity instruments at FVOCI.

          During the year ended 31 December 2023, the gains from the equity instruments at FVOCI recognised in other
          comprehensive income amounted to RMB17,759 thousand (During the year ended 31 December 2022: the losses amounted
          to RMB59,673 thousand). As a result of the change of investment strategies, the Group disposed certain equity instrument at
          FVOCI and the corresponding losses of RMB1,462 thousand was reclassified from other comprehensive income to retained
          earnings(During the year ended 31 December 2022: the losses amounted to RMB424 thousand).




332
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
30 Financial assets held under resale agreements

(a) Analysed by collateral type:

Current



                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                       2023                    2022



Debt securities                                                     7,617,629             28,257,793


                                                                                                                  About Us
Equity securities                                               5,495,729                  7,704,841

Less: impairment losses                                         (653,126)                  (1,138,413)

Total                                                           12,460,232                34,824,221




(b) Analysed by market:

Current




                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                                      As at 31 December




                                                                                                                and Strategies
                                                                       2023                    2022



Inter-bank market                                                   5,238,381              13,366,714

Shenzhen stock exchange                                         3,674,765                  11,631,529

Shanghai stock exchange                                         2,398,939                   8,912,172

Others                                                              1,801,273              2,052,219

Less: impairment losses                                         (653,126)                  (1,138,413)

Total                                                           12,460,232                34,824,221




                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
(c) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                      As at 31 December
                                                                       2023                    2022



At the beginning of the year                                         1,138,413               1,118,777

(Reversal) /charge for the year, net                            (485,801)                     15,392

Other                                                                     514                  4,244




                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Total                                                                653,126                 1,138,413




                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                         333
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (d) Analysed by remaining contractual maturities of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December
                                                                                                  2023                          2022



          Within 1 month                                                                       870,766                       1,632,472

          1 to 3 months                                                                        887,085                        528,129

          3 months to 1 year                                                                  3,737,878                     5,544,240

          Less: impairment losses                                                              (524,112)                   (1,014,020)

          Total                                                                                4,971,617                    6,690,821




          (e) Analysed by the stage of ECL of securities-backed lendings:


                                                                             As at 31 December 2023
                                                                        Lifetime ECL-not                Lifetime ECL-
                                                   12-month ECL                                                                Total
                                                                         credit impaired              credit impaired



          Amortised cost                               4,987,546                       -                      508,183      5,495,729

          Impairment losses                             (17,279)                       -                    (506,833)       (524,112)

          Carrying amount                              4,970,267                       -                         1,350      4,971,617

          Collateral                                   13,797,117                      -                       296,916     14,094,033




                                                                             As at 31 December 2022
                                                                        Lifetime ECL-not                 Lifetime ECL-
                                                   12-month ECL                                                                Total
                                                                         credit impaired              credit impaired



          Amortised cost                               6,696,552                       -                     1,008,289      7,704,841

          Impairment losses                              (28,128)                      -                    (985,892)      (1,014,020)

          Carrying amount                              6,668,424                       -                        22,397      6,690,821

          Collateral                                   18,262,203                      -                       972,957      19,235,160




          As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of the collateral of the Group's financial assets held under resale agreements was
          RMB22,211,468 thousand (31 December 2022: RMB36,336,682 thousand).




334
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
31 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

Non-current


(a) Analysed by type:


                                                               As at 31 December

                                                                2023                    2022



Equity securities                                            6,190,549              6,525,458


                                                                                                           About Us
Mutual funds                                                  727,238                  761,065

Other debt instruments                                       1,034,234              2,856,060

Total                                                        7,952,021              10,142,583




(b) Analysed as:


                                                               As at 31 December



                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                2023                    2022




                                                                                                         and Strategies
Listed outside Hong Kong                                       372,821                524,533

Unlisted                                                    7,579,200                9,618,050

Total                                                        7,952,021              10,142,583




Current


(a) Analysed by type:




                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                2023                    2022



Equity securities                                          123,416,836              100,851,313

Debt securities                                            195,764,277             174,205,450

Mutual funds                                               61,040,090              44,782,298

Private funds                                              22,344,489               17,423,948

Wealth management products                                   1,418,630                3,151,457

Other debt instruments                                        1,143,041               247,496




                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Total                                                      405,127,363             340,661,962




                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                  335
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (b) Analysed as:


                                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                                      2023                                2022



          Listed outside Hong Kong                                                               184,553,142                        155,242,430

          Listed inside Hong Kong                                                                30,595,909                          43,464,008

          Unlisted                                                                               189,978,312                         141,955,524

          Total                                                                                  405,127,363                        340,661,962




          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the fund investments with lock-up periods in its investment portfolio held by
          the Group are RMB772 million and RMB735 million, respectively.

          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the listed equity securities held by the Group included approximately
          RMB8,801 million and RMB10,529 million of restricted shares, respectively. The restricted shares are listed in the PRC with a
          legally enforceable restriction on these securities that prevents the Group to dispose of within the specified period.

          The equity interest in unlisted securities held by the Group are issued by private companies. The value of the securities is
          measured by comparing with comparable companies that are listed and in the same sector or measured by using other
          valuation techniques.

          Non-current financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments are expected to be realised or restricted for
          sale beyond one year from the end of the respective reporting periods. The fair value of the Group's investments in unlisted
          funds, which mainly invest in publicly traded equities listed in the PRC, are valued based on the net asset values of the funds
          calculated by the respective fund managers by reference to their underlying assets and liabilities' fair values.

          The fair value of the Group's investments in equity securities without restriction, exchange-listed funds and debt securities
          are determined with reference to their quoted prices as at reporting date.

          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group has entered into securities lending arrangement with clients
          that resulted in the transfer of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss investments with total fair value of RMB1,791
          million and RMB2,902 million to external clients, respectively, which did not result in derecognition of the financial assets. The
          fair value of collateral for the securities lending business is analysed in Note 37(c) together with the fair value of collateral of
          margin financing business.

          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or
          loss investments with a total fair value of RMB15,990 million and RMB16,119 million to CSF for the purpose of replacement,
          respectively.

          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group has pledged financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
          investments with a total fair value of RMB142,687 million and RMB109,936 million for the purpose of repurchase agreement
          business, bond lending business and derivative business, respectively.

          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the wealth management products held by the Group included
          approximately RMB49 million and RMB140 million of restricted products, respectively. The restricted products are subscribed
          by the Group as the fund manager with a legally enforceable restriction on these products that prevents the Group to
          dispose of within the specified period.




336
                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
32 Refundable deposits


                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                     2023                    2022



Deposits with stock exchanges

- Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                      46,104                 56,716

- China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited    1,636,953              1,665,965

- Hong Kong Stock Exchange                                          25,666                 65,987



                                                                                                               About Us
- Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited                           81,106                94,329

                                                                  1,789,829              1,882,997



Deposits with futures and commodity exchanges

- China Financial Futures Exchange                               15,040,738              14,761,044

- Shanghai Futures Exchange                                       4,988,570             5,954,846

- Dalian Commodity Exchange                                       3,837,356              4,402,818

- Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange                                    3,054,381              2,932,216

- Shanghai International Energy Exchange                           1,109,516             1,039,029



                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
- Overseas commodity exchange                                       53,553                   3,689

                                                                 28,084,114             29,093,642




                                                                                                             and Strategies
Deposits with other institutions

- China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                       319,011             1,768,557

- Shanghai Clearing House                                         1,230,694                881,981

- Shanghai Gold Exchange                                               400                    400

- Others financial institutions                                   9,120,230              9,079,200

                                                                 10,670,335              11,730,138

Total                                                            40,544,278             42,706,777




                                                                                                               Corporate Governance




                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                      337
338



      33 Deferred taxation
                                                                                                                                                                                             HUATAI SECURITIES

      (a) The components of deferred tax assets / (liabilities) recognised in the consolidated statements of financial position and the movements during
      the year are as follows:


                                                                                Changes              Changes                Changes
                                                                          in fair value of     in fair value of       in fair value of         Intangible
                                       Provision for    Employee                 financial          derivative               financial             assets
                                       impairment        benefits            instruments              financial          instruments       recognised in
      Deferred tax arising from:             losses      payable       measured at FVTPL          instruments     measured at FVOCI       the acquisition          Others          Total



      As at 1 January 2023(Restated)        840,595       1,737,046                (31,402)          (562,460)                 (4,853)         (1,267,508)      (2,310,873)    (1,599,455)

      Recognised in profit or loss         (126,226)     (143,668)               (703,640)              355,615                      -             38,555          912,760        333,396

      Acquisition of subsidiaries                  -              -                       -                   -                      -              35,657                -        35,657

      Recognised in reserves                  (1,423)             -                       -                   -                (26,116)                    -              -      (27,539)

      As at 31 December 2023                 712,946      1,593,378              (735,042)           (206,845)                (30,969)          (1,193,296)      (1,398,113)   (1,257,941)



      As at 1 January 2022(Restated)         981,491       1,811,033             (1,181,623)           240,379                (34,248)            (1,181,118)   (2,593,814)    (1,957,900)

      Recognised in profit or loss          (136,261)     (73,987)                 1,150,221         (802,839)                       -           (97,092)         284,469          324,511

      Acquisition of subsidiaries               298               -                       -                   -                      -               10,702               -         11,000

      Recognised in reserves                 (4,933)              -                       -                   -                 29,395                     -        (1,528)        22,934

      As at 31 December 2022                840,595       1,737,046                (31,402)          (562,460)                 (4,853)         (1,267,508)      (2,310,873)    (1,599,455)
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(b) Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position


                                                                                        As at 31 December
                                                                                          2023                              2022
                                                                                                                      (Restated)


Net deferred tax assets recognised in the consolidated
                                                                                        702,722                           600,473
 statement of financial position
Net deferred tax liabilities recognised in the consolidated
 statement of financial position                                                    (1,960,663)                        (2,199,928)
Total                                                                                (1,257,941)                       (1,599,455)



                                                                                                                                              About Us
(c) Deferred tax assets not recognised

As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, in accordance with the accounting policy set out in Note 2(19)(ii), the Group
has not recognised unused tax losses of RMB940 million and RMB877 million, respectively, as deferred tax assets, as it is not
probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the relevant tax jurisdiction
and entity. Most of the tax losses will not expire under current tax legislation.




                                                                                                                                           Operating Analysis
34 Other non-current assets



                                                                                                                                            and Strategies
(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                          2023                              2022



Leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses                                  311,789                          300,664




                                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance
(b) The movements of leasehold improvements and long-term deferred expenses are as below :


                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                          2023                              2022



At the beginning of the year                                                           300,664                            282,227

Additions                                                                               68,385                             35,416

Transfer in from property and equipment                                                  93,870                            110,064

Amortisation                                                                           (151,130)                         (127,043)




                                                                                                                                             Financial Report and
At the end of the year                                                                  311,789                          300,664




                                                                                                                                           Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                     339
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          35 Accounts receivable

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                  2023                                 2022



          Accounts receivable of:

            - Brokers, dealers and clearing house                                              3,172,930                         2,085,396

            - Fee and commission                                                                1,469,110                         2,023,176

            - Return swap and OTC options                                                      2,894,747                           1,813,190

            - Settlement                                                                       1,494,496                          1,072,692

            - Redemption of open-ended fund                                                      750,412                            821,210

            - Subscription receivable                                                                571                                 246

            - Others                                                                             76,953                             56,962

          Less: impairment losses                                                              (115,458)                          (68,531)

          Total                                                                                9,743,761                         7,804,341




          (b) Analysed by ageing:

          As at the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of accounts receivable, based on the trade date, is as follows:



                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                  2023                                 2022



          Within 1 month                                                                       6,666,521                         5,374,289

          1 to 3 months                                                                         663,523                           607,064

          Over 3 months                                                                         2,413,717                        1,822,988

          Total                                                                                9,743,761                         7,804,341




          (c) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                 As at 31 December

                                                                                                  2023                                 2022



          At the beginning of the year                                                            68,531                            97,739

          Charge/(reversal) for the year, net                                                    45,433                           (32,659)

          Other                                                                                    1,494                                3,451

          At the end of the year                                                                 115,458                               68,531




          (d) Accounts receivable that is not impaired

          Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired were relate to a wide range of customers for whom there was no
          recent history of default.

          The receivables from securities-backed lendings business are not included in accounts receivable.




340
                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
36 Other receivables, prepayments and other current assets

(a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                      2023                     2022



Prepayments                                                                         698,314                  640,205

Other receivables (1)                                                              338,953                   549,635



                                                                                                                                  About Us
Interest receivable (2)                                                             64,446                    82,063

Deductable VAT                                                                      82,049                    57,657

Dividends receivable                                                                   1,190                   11,326

Others                                                                            1,355,033                  816,643

Total                                                                             2,539,985                 2,157,529




The balance of others mainly represents prepaid tax and commodity arising from normal course of business.




                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
(1) Other receivables:




                                                                                                                                and Strategies
                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                      2023                     2022



Other receivables                                                                  1,057,147                 1,313,373

Less: impairment losses                                                           (718,194)                 (763,738)

Total                                                                              338,953                   549,635




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
Analysis of the movements of provision for other receivables impairment losses:



                                                                                    As at 31 December

                                                                                      2023                     2022



At the beginning of the year                                                       763,738                    765,109

Charge/(reversal) for the year, net                                                   16,821                  (2,296)

Written-off                                                                       (62,365)                      (105)

Other                                                                                     -                     1,030




                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
Total                                                                               718,194                  763,738




                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                         341
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (2) Interest receivable:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2023                    2022



          Interest receivable                                                                      109,717                 120,238

          Less: impairment losses                                                                 (45,271)                (38,175)

          Total                                                                                    64,446                  82,063




          Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses of interest receivable:



                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2023                    2022



          At the beginning of the year                                                              38,175                 36,946

          Charge for the year, net                                                                  7,096                    1,576

          Other                                                                                         -                    (347)

          At the end of the year                                                                    45,271                  38,175




          37 Margin accounts receivable

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2023                    2022



          Individuals                                                                       98,472,604                  89,173,576

          Institutions                                                                       15,389,837                  13,001,155

          Less: impairment losses                                                            (1,521,347)               (1,526,356)

          Total                                                                             112,341,094                100,648,375




          (b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                   As at 31 December

                                                                                                    2023                    2022



          At the beginning of the year                                                           1,526,356                 1,914,311

          Reversal for the year, net                                                              (6,325)               (387,636)

          Other                                                                                      1,316                   (319)

          At the end of the year                                                                 1,521,347               1,526,356




342
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(c) The fair value of collateral for margin financing and securities lending business is analysed as
follows:


                                                                                           As at 31 December

                                                                                            2023                          2022



Fair value of collateral:

  Equity securities                                                                    290,376,975                   283,187,260

  Funds                                                                                 36,266,977                    28,829,001




                                                                                                                                             About Us
  Cash                                                                                   8,535,007                    11,097,378

  Debt securities                                                                        1,354,000                      942,066

Total                                                                                  336,532,959                  324,055,705




The Group evaluates the collectability of receivable from margin clients based on management's assessment on the credit
rating, collateral value and the past collection history of each margin client.



(d) Analysed by the stage of ECL of margin accounts receivable:

                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                                       As at 31 December 2023
                                                                  Lifetime ECL-not                Lifetime ECL-
                                            12-month ECL           credit impaired              credit impaired           Total



Amortised cost                                102,465,790                 11,194,173                    202,478      113,862,441

Impairment losses                               (560,203)               (843,096)                      (118,048)     (1,521,347)

Carrying amount                                101,905,587               10,351,077                      84,430      112,341,094

Collateral                                     301,195,391              35,051,742                      285,826     336,532,959




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                                       As at 31 December 2022
                                                                  Lifetime ECL-not                 Lifetime ECL-
                                            12-month ECL           credit impaired              credit impaired           Total



Amortised cost                                  92,641,549               9,406,445                       126,737      102,174,731

Impairment losses                               (653,660)                (745,959)                      (126,737)    (1,526,356)

Carrying amount                                 91,987,889               8,660,486                             -    100,648,375

Collateral                                     305,714,498               18,336,643                        4,564    324,055,705




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    343
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          38 Derivative financial instruments


                                                                            As at 31 December 2023
                                                       Notional amount                               Fair value

                                                                                               Assets                    Liabilities



          Interest rate derivatives                        1,644,689,668                       945,881                   (405,920)

          Currency derivatives                               186,761,759                       295,866                  (1,474,728)

          Equity derivatives                                474,762,005                     12,465,246                  (11,396,087)

          Credit derivatives                                  10,873,787                         30,174                     (5,684)

          Commodity derivatives and others                    417,780,134                     3,319,877                 (3,915,670)

          Total                                            2,734,867,353                    17,057,044                  (17,198,089)

          Less: settlement                                                                   (797,163)                      316,448

          Net position                                                                       16,259,881                 (16,881,641)




                                                                            As at 31 December 2022
                                                        Notional amount                              Fair value

                                                                                                Assets                    Liabilities



          Interest rate derivatives                         2,049,415,232                      1,210,893                  (1,014,318)

          Currency derivatives                                130,689,441                      368,568                   (1,298,573)

          Equity derivatives                                 573,466,284                      14,176,581                (6,478,834)

          Credit derivatives                                    3,485,135                        20,452                      (3,023)

          Commodity derivatives and others                    549,318,616                     1,350,559                   (1,971,027)

          Total                                             3,306,374,708                     17,127,053                (10,765,775)

          Less: settlement                                                                   (1,338,752)                    1,127,650

          Net position                                                                        15,788,301                 (9,638,125)




          Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, any gains or losses of the Group's position in interest rate
          swap contracts settled in Shanghai Clearing House, stock index futures and treasury futures settled in China Financial
          Futures Exchange and certain commodity futures traded through futures companies, were settled daily and the
          corresponding receipts and payments were included in "clearing settlement funds". Accordingly, the net position of the
          above contracts was nil as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.




344
                                                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Cash flow hedges

The Group's cash flow hedges consist of interest swap and cross currency swap contracts that are used to protect against
exposures to variability of future cash flows.

Among the above derivative financial instruments, those designated hedging instruments in cash flow hedges are set out
below:



                                                                                As at 31 December 2023

                                                                   Notional amount                                                                Fair value



                                                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                Over 3 months         Over 1 year but
                            Within 3 months    but within 1 year       within 5 years        Over 5 years                 Total             Assets                 Liabilities



Currency derivatives                      -                    -            3,025,000                     -         3,025,000                         -              (32,763)




                                                                                As at 31 December 2022

                                                                   Notional amount                                                                Fair value

                                                Over 3 months         Over 1 year but




                                                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                            Within 3 months    but within 1 year       within 5 years        Over 5 years                  Total             Assets                 Liabilities



Interest rate derivatives          1,392,920                   -                     -                    -             1,392,920                 11,522                      -




                                                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Currency derivatives                      -                    -            3,025,000                     -           3,025,000                   31,121                      -

Total                              1,392,920                   -            3,025,000                     -             4,417,920            42,643                           -




Details of the Group's hedged risk exposures in cash flow hedges and the corresponding effect on equities are as follows:



                                                                                     As at 31 December 2023




                                                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                                          Carrying amount of hedged items                        Effect of hedging               Accumulated
                                                                                                      instruments            effect of hedging
                                                                                                           on other               instruments
                                                                                                   comprehensive                       on other              Line items in the
                                                                                               income during the               comprehensive                     statement of
                                                    Assets                    Liabilities                      year                     income             financial position



Bonds                                                     -                  (3,044,890)                      (3,571)                    39,072            Long-term bonds




                                                                                     As at 31 December 2022

                                          Carrying amount of hedged items                         Effect of hedging              Accumulated




                                                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                                                             instruments on other            effect of hedging
                                                                                                    comprehensive        instruments on other                Line items in the
                                                                                                income during the              comprehensive                    statement of
                                                    Assets                     Liabilities                     year                     income             financial position




                                                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
Bonds                                                      -                 (5,844,230)                      56,827                     42,643            Long-term bonds




During the year ended 31 December 2023, the net losses from the hedging instruments recognised in other comprehensive
income amounted to RMB3,571 thousand (During the year ended 31 December 2022: the net gains amounted to RMB56,827
thousand). There was no hedge ineffectiveness for the year ended 31 December 2023 and 2022.




                                                                                                                                                                                  345
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          39 Clearing settlement funds


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                              2022



          Deposits with stock exchanges

          - China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited                      5,746,776                         5,168,695

          - Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited                                       32,488                            55,527

          Deposits with other institutions                                                   3,350,002                         3,492,284

          Total                                                                               9,129,266                         8,716,506




          40 Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients

          The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold clients' monies arising
          from its normal course of business. The Group has classified the brokerage clients' monies as cash held on behalf of
          brokerage clients under the current assets section of the consolidated statement of financial position, and recognised
          the corresponding accounts payable to the respective brokerage clients on the grounds that they are liable for any loss
          or misappropriation of their brokerage clients' monies. In the Mainland China, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage
          clients for their transaction and settlement funds is restricted and governed by the relevant third-party deposit regulations
          issued by the CSRC. In Hong Kong, the use of cash held on behalf of brokerage clients is restricted and governed by the
          Securities and Futures (Client Money) Rules under the Securities and Futures Ordinance.



          41 Cash and Bank balances

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                              2022



          Cash on hand                                                                              189                              203

          Bank balances                                                                     46,296,689                         45,181,375

          Less: impairment losses                                                                 (512)                            (833)

          Total                                                                             46,296,366                         45,180,745




          Bank balances mainly comprise time and demand deposits which bear interest at the prevailing market rates.


          (b) Analysis of the movements of provision for impairment losses:


                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                              2022



          At the beginning of the year                                                              833                              1,157

          Reversal of impairment for the year                                                    (290)                              (351)

          Other Changes                                                                             (31)                               27

          At the end of the year                                                                    512                              833




346
                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
42 Cash and cash equivalents

(a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023                            2022



Cash on hand                                                                         189                             203

Bank balances                                                                 46,203,098                       45,102,385



                                                                                                                                     About Us
Clearing settlement funds                                                       9,129,266                       8,716,492
Financial assets held under resale agreements within
                                                                                7,352,535                      26,635,065
  3 months original maturity
Bond investment within 3 months original maturity                               1,436,707                          79,878
Less: restricted bank deposits and bank deposits with
       original maturity of more than three months                            (4,291,466)                     (4,984,963)
Total                                                                         59,830,329                       75,549,060




The restricted bank deposits mainly include deposits reserved for VAT payable of asset management plans, minimum liquid


                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
capital restriction deposits and risk reserve deposits.




                                                                                                                                   and Strategies




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                            347
348



      (b) Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities:

      The following table details changes in the Group's liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for
                                                                                                                                                                                                                 HUATAI SECURITIES


      which cash flows were, or future cash flows will be, classified in the consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                                                                                                  Dividends payable to
                                                                                                                                                                 ordinary shareholders
                                              Short-term debt             Long-term              Short-term              Long-term                     Lease            and perpetural
                                                  instruments                 bonds              bank loans              bank loans                liabilities     subordinated bonds                  Total


      At 31 December 2022                           25,772,604             139,419,338              7,997,434               804,903                 1,518,585                   94,230           175,607,094

      Adjustments                                            -                      -                       -                      -                         -                       -                      -

      At 1 January 2023                             25,772,604             139,419,338              7,997,434               804,903                 1,518,585                   94,230           175,607,094

      Changes from financing cash flows

      Proceeds from issuance                       43,556,056              48,241,623               11,377,260                     -                         -                       -           103,174,939

      Repayment of borrowings                     (39,227,936)            (28,630,617)            (7,948,720)              (175,592)                         -                       -          (75,982,865)

      Interest paid                                (5,330,291)             (4,362,411)             (545,002)                (53,487)                         -                       -            (10,291,191)

      Payment of lease liabilities                           -                      -                       -                      -               (662,201)                         -             (662,201)

      Dividend paid                                          -                      -                       -                      -                         -             (4,769,463)           (4,769,463)
      Total changes from financing
        cash flows                                  (1,002,171)            15,248,595              2,883,538               (229,079)               (662,201)               (4,769,463)             11,469,219
      Other changes

      Interest expenses                               704,782               4,876,439                 597,601                 59,122                   63,271                        -              6,301,215

      New leases                                             -                      -                       -                      -                548,506                          -              548,506

      Dividends declared                                     -                      -                       -                      -                         -               4,820,463             4,820,463

      Exchange differences                                292                 271,629                       -                  12,106                        -                       -               284,027
      Total other changes                             705,074               5,148,068                 597,601                 71,228                  611,777                4,820,463              11,954,211
      At 31 December 2023                          25,475,507              159,816,001             11,478,573                647,052                1,468,161                  145,230           199,030,524
                                                                                                                                            Dividends payable to
                                                                                                                                           ordinary shareholders
                                                Short-term debt     Long-term        Short-term             Long-term           Lease             and perpetural
                                                    instruments         bonds        bank loans             bank loans      liabilities      subordinated bonds           Total


      At 31 December 2021                             53,598,658     133,338,427       8,492,290                722,816      1,230,555                       424     197,383,170

      Adjustments                                              -                -                 -                   -               -                        -               -

      At 1 January 2022                               53,598,658     133,338,427       8,492,290                722,816      1,230,555                       424     197,383,170

      Changes from financing cash flows

      Proceeds from issuance                           50,182,816     40,125,807        7,948,721              804,903                -                        -     99,062,247

      Repayment of borrowings                        (78,041,627)    (35,137,090)     (8,487,624)              (722,816)              -                        -    (122,389,157)

      Interest paid                                    (914,870)      (4,877,102)          (113,531)           (39,067)               -                        -     (5,944,570)

      Payment of lease liabilities                             -                -                 -                   -     (568,238)                          -      (568,238)

      Dividend paid                                            -                -                 -                   -               -               (4,455,564)   (4,455,564)
      Total changes from financing
        cash flows                                   (28,773,681)          111,615     (652,434)                 43,020     (568,238)                 (4,455,564)   (34,295,282)
      Other changes

      Interest expenses                                 899,652        4,454,208           157,578               39,067         53,716                         -       5,604,221

      New leases                                               -                -                 -                   -       802,552                          -        802,552

      Dividends declared                                       -                -                 -                   -               -                 4,549,370     4,549,370

      Exchange differences                                47,975        1,515,088                 -                   -               -                        -       1,563,063
      Total other changes                                947,627       5,969,296           157,578               39,067       856,268                   4,549,370     12,519,206
      At 31 December 2022                             25,772,604      139,419,338      7,997,434               804,903       1,518,585                    94,230     175,607,094




349
                                       Financial Report and                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                    Corporate Governance                                                  About Us                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                     Documents for Inspection                                           and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          43 Short-term bank loans


                                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                                                2023                                      2022



          Credit loans                                                                    10,549,181                                    7,711,588

          Pledged loans                                                                       929,392                                   285,846

          Total                                                                           11,478,573                                   7,997,434




          As of 31 December 2023, the interest rates for short-term loans were in the range of 3.90% - 6.84% per annum (as of 31
          December 2022: 4.60% - 5.83% per annum).



          44 Short-term debt instruments issued

          As at 31 December 2023



          Name                                 Par value     Issuance date         Due date               Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                        Original currency                                              Original currency



          22 HUATAI F1                     RMB4,000,000           17/1/2022         17/1/2024             RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          22 HUATAI S2                     RMB5,000,000          19/8/2022         17/2/2023              RMB5,000,000                    1.78%

          23 HUATAI S1                     RMB5,000,000          17/3/2023         15/9/2023              RMB5,000,000                    2.65%

          23 HUATAI S2                     RMB5,000,000          23/3/2023        25/10/2023              RMB5,000,000                    2.65%

          23 HUATAI S3                     RMB3,000,000          13/11/2023        13/9/2024              RMB3,000,000                    2.67%

          23 HUATAI S4                     RMB4,000,000         20/11/2023         20/9/2024              RMB4,000,000                    2.65%

          23 HUATAI S5                     RMB2,000,000          8/12/2023          8/7/2024              RMB2,000,000                    2.81%

          23 HUATAI S6                     RMB5,000,000         19/12/2023         19/3/2024              RMB5,000,000                    2.75%

          HUATAI B2304a                       USD100,000          7/4/2022          6/4/2023                 USD100,000                   1.50%

          HUATAI B2304b                       USD100,000          7/4/2022          6/4/2023                 USD100,000                   1.50%

          HUATAI B2304c                       USD100,000          7/4/2022          6/4/2023                 USD100,000                   1.50%

          HUATAI B2302a                        USD50,000         27/5/2022         28/2/2023                  USD50,000                   2.81%

          HUATAI B2302b                      HKD300,000          13/5/2022         13/2/2023                HKD300,000                    2.15%

          HUATAI B2305a                        USD50,000         27/5/2022         25/5/2023                  USD50,000                   2.85%

          HUATAI B2306                        USD100,000         10/6/2022          8/6/2023                 USD100,000                   2.86%

          HUATAI B2308                         USD15,000         10/8/2022          9/8/2023                  USD15,000                   3.00%

          HUATAI B2302d                        USD18,000         14/11/2022        14/2/2023                  USD18,000                   5.75%

          HUATAI B2302e                      HKD300,000          14/11/2022        14/2/2023                HKD300,000                    5.75%

          HUATAI B2302f                        USD10,700         16/11/2022        16/2/2023                  USD10,700                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2302g                      HKD496,000          16/11/2022        16/2/2023                HKD496,000                    5.50%

          HUATAI B2302h                         USD5,499         18/11/2022        17/2/2023                   USD5,499                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2302i                        HKD23,390         18/11/2022        17/2/2023                  HKD23,390                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2302j                       HKD150,000         22/11/2022        22/2/2023                 HKD150,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2311                        USD40,000          23/11/2022        22/11/2023                USD40,000                    6.05%

          HUATAI B2302k                         USD8,580        25/11/2022         24/2/2023                   USD8,580                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2302l                       USD100,000        29/11/2022         27/2/2023                 USD100,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2302m                       USD50,000         29/11/2022         27/2/2023                 USD50,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2303a                         USD4,839          1/12/2022         1/3/2023                   USD4,839                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2303b                        HKD14,000          1/12/2022         1/3/2023                  HKD14,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2303c                        USD10,000         6/12/2022          3/3/2023                  USD10,000                   5.70%

          HUATAI B2312                       RMB440,000          13/12/2022        12/12/2023               RMB440,000                    3.49%

          HUATAI B2306b                        USD62,000        15/12/2022         15/6/2023                  USD62,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2306c                        USD32,300        29/12/2022         29/6/2023                  USD32,300                   5.60%

          HUATAI B2304d                        USD30,000          13/1/2023        13/4/2023                  USD30,000                   5.00%




350
                                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Name                   Par value    Issuance date    Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                Original currency                                 Original currency



HUATAI B2401a          USD25,800         13/1/2023    12/1/2024          USD25,800                   5.00%

HUATAI B2304e          HKD62,000         13/1/2023   13/4/2023           HKD62,000                   5.34%

HUATAI B2304f          USD20,000         17/1/2023   17/4/2023           USD20,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2304g          USD20,000         17/1/2023   18/4/2023           USD20,000                   5.25%

HUATAI B2307d          USD20,000         17/1/2023   18/7/2023           USD20,000                   5.00%

HUATAI B2312a          USD60,000         17/1/2023   22/12/2023          USD60,000                   5.00%

HUATAI B2307e        HKD200,000          17/1/2023   18/7/2023         HKD200,000                    5.14%



                                                                                                                       About Us
HUATAI B2401b          USD20,000         19/1/2023    19/1/2024          USD20,000                   5.75%

HUATAI B2310           USD50,000         19/1/2023   19/10/2023          USD50,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2402a          USD15,000         3/2/2023     2/2/2024           USD15,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2308a          USD10,000         6/2/2023     4/8/2023           USD10,000                   5.50%

HUATAI B2308b          USD47,000         6/2/2023     7/8/2023           USD47,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2402b          USD20,600         6/2/2023     5/2/2024           USD20,600                   0.00%

HUATAI B2308c          USD20,000         8/2/2023     8/8/2023           USD20,000                   5.55%

HUATAI B2308d         USD100,000         9/2/2023     9/8/2023          USD100,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2305b           USD6,600        10/2/2023    10/5/2023            USD6,600                   0.00%




                                                                                                                    Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2308e          USD15,000        10/2/2023    10/8/2023           USD15,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2305c          USD13,350        17/2/2023    17/5/2023           USD13,350                   0.00%




                                                                                                                     and Strategies
HUATAI B2308h          USD30,000        17/2/2023    17/8/2023           USD30,000                   5.46%

HUATAI B2305d          USD15,000        21/2/2023    23/5/2023           USD15,000                   5.28%

HUATAI B2308i         USD100,000        21/2/2023    18/8/2023          USD100,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2305e        HKD200,000         21/2/2023    23/5/2023         HKD200,000                    3.82%

HUATAI B2308f          USD50,000        22/2/2023    15/8/2023           USD50,000                   5.00%

HUATAI B2306a           USD11,820        8/3/2023     8/6/2023            USD11,820                  0.00%

HUATAI B2306d          USD20,000        10/3/2023     9/6/2023           USD20,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2309b         USD100,000        10/3/2023    12/9/2023          USD100,000                   0.00%




                                                                                                                       Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2403a          USD30,000        27/3/2023    27/3/2024           USD30,000                   5.60%

HUATAI B2307f          USD17,000        19/4/2023    19/7/2023           USD17,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2307g           USD6,300       20/4/2023     20/7/2023            USD6,300                   0.00%

HUATAI B2307h          USD18,000       20/4/2023     20/7/2023           USD18,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2307i          USD20,000       24/4/2023     21/7/2023           USD20,000                   5.55%

HUATAI B2311a          HKD51,000         2/5/2023     2/11/2023          HKD51,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2405b        HKD475,000          5/5/2023     3/5/2024         HKD475,000                    4.60%

HUATAI B2307a          USD10,000         8/5/2023     7/7/2023           USD10,000                   5.55%

HUATAI B2311b          USD20,000         9/5/2023     9/11/2023          USD20,000                   5.55%

HUATAI B2307b         USD40,000         10/5/2023     11/7/2023         USD40,000                    5.55%

HUATAI B2307c          USD12,500        16/5/2023    14/7/2023           USD12,500                   5.55%




                                                                                                                      Financial Report and
HUATAI B2311c          USD10,000        16/5/2023    16/11/2023          USD10,000                   5.66%

HUATAI B2311d           USD5,150        19/5/2023    17/11/2023           USD5,150                   0.00%

HUATAI B2307j          USD25,427        19/5/2023    21/7/2023           USD25,427                   5.00%

HUATAI B2311g        HKD200,000         23/5/2023    24/11/2023        HKD200,000                    4.70%




                                                                                                                    Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2307k         HKD100,000       29/5/2023     28/7/2023          HKD100,000                   4.85%

HUATAI B2307l          USD15,000       29/5/2023     28/7/2023           USD15,000                   5.73%

HUATAI B2309a          USD15,000        6/6/2023      6/9/2023           USD15,000                   5.88%

HUATAI B2406c         USD50,000         13/6/2023    13/6/2024          USD50,000                    5.95%

HUATAI B2308g        HKD250,000         14/6/2023    15/8/2023         HKD250,000                    4.65%

HUATAI B2309c          USD26,300        15/6/2023    15/9/2023           USD26,300                   0.00%

HUATAI B2311f          USD39,000        23/6/2023    22/11/2023          USD39,000                   0.00%

HUATAI B2311h          USD10,500       26/6/2023     27/11/2023          USD10,500                   0.00%

HUATAI B2309d          USD10,000        27/6/2023    27/9/2023           USD10,000                   5.50%

HUATAI B2311i          USD25,500       30/6/2023     30/11/2023          USD25,500                   5.50%

HUATAI B2310a         USD46,600          7/7/2023    11/10/2023         USD46,600                    5.50%

HUATAI B2401c          USD27,500        18/7/2023     18/1/2024          USD27,500                   6.17%




                                                                                                              351
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name                          Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                 Original currency                                  Original currency



          HUATAI B2310b                 USD10,000        19/7/2023    19/10/2023           USD10,000                   5.80%

          HUATAI B2407a                  USD11,000       19/7/2023     19/7/2024            USD11,000                  6.17%

          HUATAI B2401d                HKD100,000        19/7/2023     19/1/2024          HKD100,000                   5.36%

          HUATAI B2401e                 USD20,000        24/7/2023     24/1/2024           USD20,000                   6.07%

          HUATAI B2310c               HKD200,000         26/7/2023    26/10/2023         HKD200,000                    5.36%

          HUATAI B2407b                 USD19,000        27/7/2023    26/7/2024            USD19,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2401h                 USD15,000        31/7/2023     31/1/2024           USD15,000                   6.15%

          HUATAI B2401i                HKD100,000        31/7/2023     31/1/2024          HKD100,000                   5.55%

          HUATAI B2311j                 USD30,000         1/8/2023      1/11/2023          USD30,000                   6.03%

          HUATAI B2407c                 USD10,000         2/8/2023     31/7/2024           USD10,000            SOFR+0.95%

          HUATAI B2408a                 USD15,000         3/8/2023      1/8/2024           USD15,000            SOFR+0.95%

          HUATAI B2311k                  USD12,477        3/8/2023     3/11/2023            USD12,477                  0.00%

          HUATAI B2408b                 USD15,000         4/8/2023     2/8/2024            USD15,000            SOFR+0.95%

          HUATAI B2408c                 USD10,000         4/8/2023     2/8/2024            USD10,000            SOFR+0.95%

          HUATAI B2312b                 USD40,000         4/8/2023     1/12/2023           USD40,000                   6.02%

          HUATAI B2408d                 USD15,000        10/8/2023     9/8/2024            USD15,000                   6.05%

          HUATAI B2402j                 USD30,000        18/8/2023     21/2/2024           USD30,000                   6.14%

          HUATAI B2311l                 USD10,000        21/8/2023    21/11/2023           USD10,000                   6.00%

          HUATAI B2311m                 USD45,000        22/8/2023    22/11/2023           USD45,000                   6.05%

          HUATAI B2402k                 HKD29,000        22/8/2023    22/2/2024            HKD29,000                   5.50%

          HUATAI B2402l                  USD5,800        22/8/2023    22/2/2024             USD5,800                   6.10%

          HUATAI B2409a                 USD65,000        12/9/2023     11/9/2024           USD65,000                   6.00%

          HUATAI B2312c                 USD30,000        18/9/2023    18/12/2023           USD30,000                   6.06%

          HUATAI B2403b                 USD18,050        22/9/2023    22/3/2024            USD18,050                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2409b                  USD13,150       22/9/2023    20/9/2024             USD13,150                  0.00%

          HUATAI B2403c                USD60,000         27/9/2023    26/3/2024           USD60,000                    6.00%

          HUATAI B2409c               CNY400,000         28/9/2023    24/9/2024          CNY400,000                    3.78%

          HUATAI B2312d                 USD10,340        29/9/2023    29/12/2023           USD10,340                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2404                  USD10,000       17/10/2023    17/4/2024            USD10,000                   6.31%

          HUATAI B2410                CNY650,000        20/10/2023    16/10/2024         CNY650,000                    3.80%

          HUATAI B2401f                 USD16,750       25/10/2023    25/1/2024            USD16,750                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2405c                 USD14,500       25/10/2023     2/5/2024            USD14,500                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2407d                 USD15,000       27/10/2023    27/7/2024            USD15,000                   6.36%

          HUATAI B2401g                 USD10,000       27/10/2023     27/1/2024           USD10,000                   6.27%

          HUATAI B2407e                 USD10,000       27/10/2023    27/7/2024            USD10,000                   6.36%

          HUATAI B2411a                 USD30,000        6/11/2023     4/11/2024           USD30,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2402c                 USD18,000         7/11/2023    7/2/2024            USD18,000                   6.30%

          HUATAI B2402g                 USD17,000        9/11/2023    15/2/2024            USD17,000                   6.30%

          HUATAI B2402h                 USD15,000        10/11/2023   15/2/2024            USD15,000                   6.30%

          HUATAI B2402e                 USD10,000        10/11/2023    9/2/2024            USD10,000                   5.87%

          HUATAI B2411b                 USD35,000        13/11/2023    8/11/2024           USD35,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2402d                 USD18,200        13/11/2023    8/2/2024            USD18,200                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2402f                 USD20,000        14/11/2023   14/2/2024            USD20,000                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2402i                 USD15,460        15/11/2023   15/2/2024            USD15,460                   0.00%

          HUATAI B2405d                 USD10,000        21/11/2023   21/5/2024            USD10,000                   6.46%

          HUATAI B2405e               HKD200,000        28/11/2023    28/5/2024          HKD200,000                    6.04%

          HUATAI B2409d                USD95,000         6/12/2023     6/9/2024           USD95,000                    6.00%

          HUATAI B2406d                 USD25,000        7/12/2023     7/6/2024            USD25,000                  6.40%

          HUATAI B2406e                 USD10,000        7/12/2023     7/6/2024            USD10,000                   6.36%

          HUATAI B2403d                USD40,000         8/12/2023     8/3/2024           USD40,000                    0.00%

          HUATAI B2406f                 USD20,000        8/12/2023     7/6/2024            USD20,000                   0.00%

          Structured notes (1)      RMB2,786,805           Note (1)     Note (1)       RMB2,786,805                  Note (1)




352
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                Book value as at 1                                          Book value as at 31
Name                January 2023            Increase          Decrease         December 2023
                  RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent        RMB equivalent



22 HUATAI F1             4,105,269              4,731         (4,110,000)                     -

22 HUATAI S2             5,032,777              7,417        (5,040,194)                      -

23 HUATAI S1                     -          5,060,551        (5,060,551)                      -

23 HUATAI S2                     -         5,069,456         (5,069,456)                      -

23 HUATAI S3                     -          3,010,680                  -              3,010,680

23 HUATAI S4                     -          4,012,072                  -              4,012,072



                                                                                                            About Us
23 HUATAI S5                     -          2,003,626                  -              2,003,626

23 HUATAI S6                     -         5,004,805                   -              5,004,805

HUATAI B2304a             697,585              21,280          (718,865)                      -

HUATAI B2304b             697,585              21,280          (718,865)                      -

HUATAI B2304c             697,585              21,280          (718,865)                      -

HUATAI B2302a             354,203              7,484           (361,687)                      -

HUATAI B2302b               271,621            4,659           (276,280)                      -

HUATAI B2305a             354,025              10,148          (364,173)                      -

HUATAI B2306               707,321             21,095          (728,416)                      -



                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2308               105,092              4,327          (109,419)                      -

HUATAI B2302d               126,321             3,015          (129,336)                      -




                                                                                                          and Strategies
HUATAI B2302e             269,950              5,850          (275,800)                       -

HUATAI B2302f               74,030              1,755           (75,785)                      -

HUATAI B2302g             445,902              9,804          (455,706)                       -

HUATAI B2302h               38,132                816           (38,948)                      -

HUATAI B2302i               20,749               447             (21,196)                     -

HUATAI B2302j              132,878             3,052           (135,930)                      -

HUATAI B2311               279,817            20,584           (300,401)                      -

HUATAI B2302k               59,279              1,490           (60,769)                      -




                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2302l              690,163             18,107          (708,270)                      -

HUATAI B2302m             345,082              9,053           (354,135)                      -

HUATAI B2303a               33,398               875            (34,273)                      -

HUATAI B2303b               12,390                297           (12,687)                      -

HUATAI B2303c               69,931              1,858           (71,789)                      -

HUATAI B2312              440,604              14,710          (455,314)                      -

HUATAI B2306b              420,182             18,945          (439,127)                      -

HUATAI B2306c              225,057             10,102          (235,159)                      -

HUATAI B2304d                    -             215,101          (215,101)                     -

HUATAI B2401a                    -            191,563                  -                 191,563




                                                                                                           Financial Report and
HUATAI B2304e                    -            56,924            (56,924)                      -

HUATAI B2304f                    -            141,654          (141,654)                      -

HUATAI B2304g                    -            143,508          (143,508)                      -

HUATAI B2307d                    -            145,186          (145,186)                      -




                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
HUATAI B2312a                    -           444,697          (444,697)                       -

HUATAI B2307e                    -           185,885           (185,885)                      -

HUATAI B2401b                    -            149,401                  -                149,401

HUATAI B2310                     -            354,135          (354,135)                      -

HUATAI B2402a                    -           105,865                   -                105,865

HUATAI B2308a                    -             72,737           (72,737)                      -

HUATAI B2308b                    -           332,887           (332,887)                      -

HUATAI B2402b                    -            145,320                  -                145,320

HUATAI B2308c                    -            145,553          (145,553)                      -

HUATAI B2308d                    -           708,270           (708,270)                      -

HUATAI B2305b                    -            46,746            (46,746)                      -




                                                                                                   353
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                          Book value as at 1                                       Book value as at 31
          Name                January 2023           Increase         Decrease        December 2023
                            RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent    RMB equivalent       RMB equivalent



          HUATAI B2308e                    -           106,241         (106,241)                     -

          HUATAI B2305c                    -           94,554          (94,554)                      -

          HUATAI B2308h                    -           218,234         (218,234)                     -

          HUATAI B2305d                    -           107,639         (107,639)                     -

          HUATAI B2308i                    -          708,270         (708,270)                      -

          HUATAI B2305e                    -          182,966          (182,966)                     -

          HUATAI B2308f                    -          362,576         (362,576)                      -

          HUATAI B2306a                    -            83,718          (83,718)                     -

          HUATAI B2306d                    -           141,654         (141,654)                     -

          HUATAI B2309b                    -          708,270         (708,270)                      -

          HUATAI B2403a                    -           215,457                -                215,457

          HUATAI B2307f                    -          120,406          (120,406)                     -

          HUATAI B2307g                    -            44,621          (44,621)                     -

          HUATAI B2307h                    -           127,489         (127,489)                     -

          HUATAI B2307i                    -          143,549          (143,549)                     -

          HUATAI B2311a                    -            46,216          (46,216)                     -

          HUATAI B2405b                    -          442,864                 -               442,864

          HUATAI B2307a                    -            71,473          (71,473)                     -

          HUATAI B2311b                    -           145,617         (145,617)                     -

          HUATAI B2307b                    -          285,979         (285,979)                      -

          HUATAI B2307c                    -           89,328          (89,328)                      -

          HUATAI B2311c                    -           72,848           (72,848)                     -

          HUATAI B2311d                    -           36,476          (36,476)                      -

          HUATAI B2307j                    -           181,646         (181,646)                     -

          HUATAI B2311g                    -           185,557         (185,557)                     -

          HUATAI B2307k                    -            91,342          (91,342)                     -

          HUATAI B2307l                    -           107,241         (107,241)                     -

          HUATAI B2309a                    -           107,815         (107,815)                     -

          HUATAI B2406c                    -          365,627                 -                365,627

          HUATAI B2308g                    -          228,339          (228,339)                     -

          HUATAI B2309c                    -           186,275         (186,275)                     -

          HUATAI B2311f                    -          276,225          (276,225)                     -

          HUATAI B2311h                    -           74,368           (74,368)                     -

          HUATAI B2309d                    -            71,809          (71,809)                     -

          HUATAI B2311i                    -           184,773         (184,773)                     -

          HUATAI B2310a                    -          334,828         (334,828)                      -

          HUATAI B2401c                    -          200,207                 -                200,207

          HUATAI B2310b                    -            71,862          (71,862)                     -

          HUATAI B2407a                    -           80,069                 -                 80,069

          HUATAI B2401d                    -           92,848                 -                 92,848

          HUATAI B2401e                    -           143,770                -                143,770

          HUATAI B2310c                    -           183,689         (183,689)                     -

          HUATAI B2407b                    -           130,051                -                 130,051

          HUATAI B2401h                    -          108,958                 -                108,958

          HUATAI B2401i                    -           92,760                 -                 92,760

          HUATAI B2311j                    -           215,710         (215,710)                     -

          HUATAI B2407c                    -            71,515                -                  71,515

          HUATAI B2408a                    -           107,254                -                107,254

          HUATAI B2311k                    -            88,371          (88,371)                     -

          HUATAI B2408b                    -           107,235                -                107,235




354
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                       Book value as at 1                                        Book value as at 31
Name                       January 2023           Increase          Decrease        December 2023
                         RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent     RMB equivalent       RMB equivalent



HUATAI B2408c                           -            71,490                 -                 71,490

HUATAI B2312b                           -          288,868          (288,868)                      -

HUATAI B2408d                           -          108,645                  -                108,645

HUATAI B2402j                           -           217,250                 -                217,250

HUATAI B2311l                           -            71,898           (71,898)                     -

HUATAI B2311m                           -          323,582          (323,582)                      -



                                                                                                                 About Us
HUATAI B2402k                           -               491                 -                    491

HUATAI B2402l                           -               851                 -                    851

HUATAI B2409a                           -          467,832                  -                467,832

HUATAI B2312c                           -           215,691          (215,691)                     -

HUATAI B2403b                           -           126,129                 -                 126,129

HUATAI B2409b                           -            89,161                 -                  89,161

HUATAI B2403c                           -           431,221                 -                 431,221

HUATAI B2409c                           -          403,780                  -               403,780

HUATAI B2312d                           -           73,235            (73,235)                     -



                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2404                            -            71,719                 -                  71,719

HUATAI B2410                            -          654,445                  -               654,445




                                                                                                               and Strategies
HUATAI B2401f                           -            118,128                -                 118,128

HUATAI B2405c                           -           100,618                 -                100,618

HUATAI B2407d                           -           107,402                 -                107,402

HUATAI B2401g                           -            71,590                 -                 71,590

HUATAI B2407e                           -            71,601                 -                  71,601

HUATAI B2411a                           -           201,570                 -                201,570

HUATAI B2402c                           -           128,623                 -                128,623

HUATAI B2402g                           -           121,435                 -                 121,435




                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2402h                           -           107,130                 -                 107,130

HUATAI B2402e                           -            71,365                 -                 71,365

HUATAI B2411b                           -          235,040                  -               235,040

HUATAI B2402d                           -           128,016                 -                 128,016

HUATAI B2402f                           -           140,531                 -                 140,531

HUATAI B2402i                           -           108,628                 -                108,628

HUATAI B2405d                           -            71,297                 -                  71,297

HUATAI B2405e                           -           182,247                 -                182,247

HUATAI B2409d                           -          673,468                  -                673,468

HUATAI B2406d                           -           177,726                 -                177,726




                                                                                                                Financial Report and
HUATAI B2406e                           -            71,086                 -                 71,086

HUATAI B2403d                           -          279,875                  -                279,875

HUATAI B2406f                           -           137,712                 -                 137,712

Structured notes (1)            9,065,676          702,082         (7,022,300)             2,745,458




                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Total                          25,772,604        44,261,130       (44,558,227)            25,475,507




                                                                                                        355
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2022



          Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                  Original currency



          21 HUATAI S2                 RMB4,000,000         28/6/2021    28/6/2022        RMB4,000,000                    2.95%

          21 HUATAI S3                 RMB2,000,000          9/7/2021    22/2/2022        RMB2,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUATAI S4                 RMB4,000,000          9/7/2021     9/7/2022        RMB4,000,000                    2.87%

          21 HUATAI S5                 RMB3,000,000         19/7/2021     19/7/2022       RMB3,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUATAI S6                 RMB4,000,000          9/8/2021     11/2/2022       RMB4,000,000                    2.55%

          21 HUATAI S7                 RMB4,000,000         16/8/2021     20/1/2022       RMB4,000,000                     2.51%

          21 HUATAI S9                 RMB2,300,000         6/12/2021     8/6/2022        RMB2,300,000                    2.64%

          21 HUA S10                   RMB2,700,000         6/12/2021    25/11/2022       RMB2,700,000                    2.70%

          21 HUA S11                   RMB2,000,000         13/12/2021    13/5/2022       RMB2,000,000                    2.62%

          21 HUA S12                   RMB1,000,000         21/12/2021    21/9/2022       RMB1,000,000                    2.70%

          21 HUA S13                   RMB4,000,000         21/12/2021   21/12/2022       RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          21 HUA S14                   RMB4,000,000        29/12/2021    29/11/2022       RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          22 HUATAI F1                 RMB4,000,000         17/1/2022     17/1/2024       RMB4,000,000                    2.75%

          22 HUATAI S1                 RMB5,000,000         9/8/2022      9/11/2022       RMB5,000,000                    1.65%

          22 HUATAI S2                 RMB5,000,000        19/8/2022      17/2/2023       RMB5,000,000                     1.78%

          HUATAI B2203a                  USD100,000         23/3/2021     21/3/2022         USD100,000                    0.35%

          HUATAI B2206                   USD100,000          11/6/2021    9/6/2022          USD100,000                    0.70%

          HUATAI B2203b                  HKD300,000         7/12/2021     10/3/2022         HKD300,000                    0.55%

          HUATAI B2203c                   USD30,000        29/12/2021    29/3/2022           USD30,000                    0.65%

          HUATAI B2204a                  USD100,000         18/1/2022    18/4/2022          USD100,000                    0.65%

          HUATAI B2204b                   USD60,000         24/1/2022    25/4/2022           USD60,000                    0.65%

          HUATAI B2207                   USD100,000         28/1/2022    28/7/2022          USD100,000                    0.80%

          HUATAI B2205a                   USD20,000         10/2/2022    10/5/2022           USD20,000                    1.05%

          HUATAI B2204c                   USD50,000        25/2/2022     25/4/2022           USD50,000                    0.70%

          HUATAI B2212a                  USD100,000        24/3/2022     23/12/2022         USD100,000                    1.00%

          HUATAI B2212b                  USD100,000        24/3/2022     23/12/2022         USD100,000                    1.00%

          HUATAI B2212c                   USD50,000        24/3/2022     23/12/2022          USD50,000                    1.00%

          HUATAI B2209a                   USD50,000        24/3/2022     23/9/2022           USD50,000                    1.65%

          HUATAI B2209b                   USD50,000        25/3/2022     26/9/2022           USD50,000                    0.95%

          HUATAI B2304a                  USD100,000         7/4/2022      6/4/2023          USD100,000                    1.50%

          HUATAI B2304b                  USD100,000         7/4/2022      6/4/2023          USD100,000                    1.50%

          HUATAI B2304c                  USD100,000         7/4/2022      6/4/2023          USD100,000                    1.50%

          HUATAI B2209c                   USD30,000         6/4/2022     30/9/2022           USD30,000                    1.75%

          HUATAI B2211a                   USD50,000         5/5/2022      4/11/2022          USD50,000                    2.04%

          HUATAI B2211b                   USD18,000        10/5/2022     10/11/2022          USD18,000                    2.15%

          HUATAI B2211c                   USD50,000         5/5/2022      4/11/2022          USD50,000                    1.75%




356
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Name                          Par value    Issuance date     Due date         Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                       Original currency                                   Original currency



HUATAI B2208a                 USD60,000         4/5/2022      4/8/2022            USD60,000                     1.25%

HUATAI B2305a                 USD50,000        27/5/2022     25/5/2023            USD50,000                    2.85%

HUATAI B2302a                 USD50,000        27/5/2022     28/2/2023            USD50,000                     2.81%

HUATAI B2208b                 USD30,000         2/6/2022      31/8/2022           USD30,000                    2.00%

HUATAI B2208c                 USD20,000         2/6/2022      12/8/2022           USD20,000                    1.90%

HUATAI B2306                 USD100,000         10/6/2022     8/6/2023           USD100,000                    2.86%

HUATAI B2205b                HKD280,000         10/2/2022     10/5/2022          HKD280,000                    1.00%


                                                                                                                                 About Us
HUATAI B2209d                HKD800,000          1/4/2022    30/9/2022           HKD800,000                    0.65%

HUATAI B2211d                HKD300,000         10/5/2022     10/11/2022         HKD300,000                    1.50%

HUATAI B2211e                HKD490,000         13/5/2022     14/11/2022         HKD490,000                     1.73%

HUATAI B2302b                HKD300,000         13/5/2022     13/2/2023          HKD300,000                    2.15%

HUATAI B2212d                 USD75,000         10/8/2022    23/12/2022           USD75,000                    3.00%

HUATAI B2308                  USD15,000         10/8/2022     9/8/2023            USD15,000                    3.00%

HUATAI B2211f                HKD300,000         10/8/2022     10/11/2022         HKD300,000                    2.00%

HUATAI B2212e                 USD50,800        20/9/2022     20/12/2022           USD50,800                    3.83%




                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2302d                 USD18,000         14/11/2022    14/2/2023           USD18,000                    5.75%

HUATAI B2302e                HKD300,000         14/11/2022    14/2/2023          HKD300,000                    5.75%




                                                                                                                               and Strategies
HUATAI B2302f                  USD10,700        16/11/2022    16/2/2023            USD10,700                   0.00%

HUATAI B2302g               HKD496,000          16/11/2022    16/2/2023         HKD496,000                     5.50%

HUATAI B2302h                  USD5,499         18/11/2022    17/2/2023            USD5,499                    0.00%

HUATAI B 2311                 USD40,000        23/11/2022    22/11/2023           USD40,000                    6.05%

HUATAI B2302i                 HKD23,390         18/11/2022    17/2/2023           HKD23,390                    0.00%

HUATAI B2302j                HKD150,000        22/11/2022    22/2/2023           HKD150,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2302k                  USD8,580        25/11/2022    24/2/2023             USD8,580                    0.00%

HUATAI B2302l                USD100,000        29/11/2022    27/2/2023           USD100,000                    0.00%




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2302m                 USD50,000        29/11/2022    27/2/2023            USD50,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2303a                  USD4,839         1/12/2022      1/3/2023            USD4,839                    0.00%

HUATAI B2303b                 HKD14,000         1/12/2022      1/3/2023           HKD14,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2303c                 USD10,000         6/12/2022     3/3/2023            USD10,000                    5.70%

HUATAI B2306b                 USD62,000        15/12/2022    15/6/2023            USD62,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2306c                 USD32,300       29/12/2022     29/6/2023            USD32,300                    5.60%

HUATAI B2211g                USD150,000        30/8/2022     28/11/2022          USD150,000                    0.00%

HUATAI B2312                RMB440,000         13/12/2022    12/12/2023         RMB440,000                     3.49%

Structured notes (1)       RMB9,062,109           Note (1)      Note (1)       RMB9,062,109                  Note (1)




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and



                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                        357
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                           Book value as at                                               Book value as at
           Name             1 January 2022           Increase            Decrease       31 December 2022
                            RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent      RMB equivalent         RMB equivalent



           21 HUATAI S2           4,059,983              58,017          (4,118,000)                     -

           21 HUATAI S3            2,026,317             8,039          (2,034,356)                      -

           21 HUATAI S4            4,054,931            59,869           (4,114,800)                     -

           21 HUATAI S5            3,037,258            45,242          (3,082,500)                      -

           21 HUATAI S6           4,040,306               11,672         (4,051,978)                     -

           21 HUATAI S7            4,037,785              5,401          (4,043,186)                     -

           21 HUATAI S9            2,304,244            26,366           (2,330,610)                     -

           21 HUA S10              2,705,095            65,608           (2,770,703)                     -

           21 HUA S11              2,002,676             19,002          (2,021,678)                     -

           21 HUA S12              1,000,798             19,470          (1,020,268)                     -

           21 HUA S13              4,003,253            106,747          (4,110,000)                     -

           21 HUA S14             4,000,887             100,072          (4,100,959)                     -

           22 HUATAI F1                    -          4,105,269                    -              4,105,269

           22 HUATAI S1                    -          5,020,795         (5,020,795)                      -

           22 HUATAI S2                    -          5,032,777                    -              5,032,777

           HUATAI B2203a            636,859             62,025           (698,884)                       -

           HUATAI B2206             639,724              61,585           (701,309)                      -

           HUATAI B2203b            245,294              23,072           (268,366)                      -

           HUATAI B2203c              191,212            18,061           (209,273)                      -

           HUATAI B2204a                   -           697,576            (697,576)                      -

           HUATAI B2204b                   -            418,553           (418,553)                      -

           HUATAI B2207                    -           699,223            (699,223)                      -

           HUATAI B2205a                   -            139,649           (139,649)                      -

           HUATAI B2204c                   -           348,624            (348,624)                      -

           HUATAI B2212a                   -            701,688           (701,688)                      -

           HUATAI B2212b                   -            701,688           (701,688)                      -

           HUATAI B2212c                   -           350,844            (350,844)                      -

           HUATAI B2209a                   -              351,111           (351,111)                    -

           HUATAI B2209b                   -           349,907            (349,907)                      -

           HUATAI B2304a                   -           697,585                     -               697,585

           HUATAI B2304b                   -           697,585                     -               697,585

           HUATAI B2304c                   -           697,585                     -               697,585

           HUATAI B2209c                   -             210,711            (210,711)                    -

           HUATAI B2211a                   -            351,792            (351,792)                     -

           HUATAI B2211b                   -            126,722            (126,722)                     -

           HUATAI B2211c                   -            351,285           (351,285)                      -

           HUATAI B2208a                   -            419,193            (419,193)                     -

           HUATAI B2305a                   -           354,025                     -               354,025

           HUATAI B2302a                   -           354,203                     -               354,203

           HUATAI B2208b                   -           209,968            (209,968)                      -

           HUATAI B2208c                   -            139,807           (139,807)                      -

           HUATAI B2306                    -            707,321                    -                707,321

           HUATAI B2205b                   -           250,734            (250,734)                      -




358
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                    Book value as at                                                         Book value as at
Name                                 1 January 2022                Increase               Decrease         31 December 2022
                                     RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent         RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent



HUATAI B2209d                                      -                  716,956              (716,956)                        -

HUATAI B2211d                                      -                  270,016              (270,016)                        -

HUATAI B2211e                                      -                  441,555              (441,555)                        -

HUATAI B2302b                                      -                   271,621                     -                   271,621

HUATAI B2212d                                      -                   528,141              (528,141)                       -

HUATAI B2308                                       -                  105,092                      -                  105,092



                                                                                                                                          About Us
HUATAI B2211f                                      -                  269,341              (269,341)                        -

HUATAI B2212e                                      -                  357,180              (357,180)                        -

HUATAI B2302d                                      -                   126,321                     -                   126,321

HUATAI B2302e                                      -                 269,950                       -                  269,950

HUATAI B2302f                                      -                   74,030                      -                   74,030

HUATAI B2302g                                      -                 445,902                       -                  445,902

HUATAI B2302h                                      -                   38,132                      -                    38,132

HUATAI B 2311                                      -                  279,817                      -                   279,817

HUATAI B2302i                                      -                   20,749                      -                   20,749



                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
HUATAI B2302j                                      -                  132,878                      -                   132,878

HUATAI B2302k                                      -                   59,279                      -                   59,279




                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
HUATAI B2302l                                      -                  690,163                      -                  690,163

HUATAI B2302m                                      -                 345,082                       -                  345,082

HUATAI B2303a                                      -                   33,398                      -                   33,398

HUATAI B2303b                                      -                   12,390                      -                    12,390

HUATAI B2303c                                      -                   69,931                      -                    69,931

HUATAI B2306b                                      -                  420,182                      -                  420,182

HUATAI B2306c                                      -                  225,057                      -                  225,057

HUATAI B2211g                                      -                1,044,690             (1,044,690)                       -




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
HUATAI B2312                                       -                 440,604                       -                  440,604

Structured notes (1)                       14,612,036               18,265,519           (23,811,879)               9,065,676

Total                                     53,598,658                51,130,444          (78,956,498)               25,772,604




(1) During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company has issued 182 tranches of structured notes, bearing interest
ranging from 2.20% to 6.58% per annum, repayable within 1 year. Structured notes repayable more than 1 year are classified
as "Long-term bonds" (Note 53). (During the year ended 31 December 2022, the Company has issued 1,705 tranches of
structured notes, bearing interest ranging from 1.80% to 6.58% per annum).




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 359
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          45 Placements from other financial institutions


          Current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                               2022



          Placements from banks                                                              39,244,418                        25,877,713

          Placements from refinancing business                                                  292,109                                 -

          Total                                                                              39,536,527                        25,877,713




          As at 31 December 2023, the placements from banks are unsecured, bearing interest of 1.00% -6.15% per annum, with
          maturities within 361 days (as at 31 December 2022, the placements from banks are unsecured, bearing interest of 1.96%
          - 5.51% per annum, with maturities within 66 days), and the placements from CSF are secured by the securities and
          refundable deposits held by the Group, bearing interest of 2.15%- 2.90%per annum, with maturities within 170 days (as at 31
          December 2023: nil).



          46 Accounts payable to brokerage clients

          Current



                                                                                                As at 31 December
                                                                                                 2023                               2022



          Clients' deposits for brokerage trading                                           129,645,383                        133,173,079

          Clients' deposits for margin financing and securities lending                      15,055,977                        19,378,644

          Total                                                                             144,701,360                        152,551,723




          Accounts payable to brokerage clients represent the monies received from and repayable to brokerage clients, which are
          mainly held at banks and at clearing houses by the Group. Accounts payable to brokerage clients are interest-bearing at
          the prevailing interest rate.

          The majority of the accounts payable balances are repayable on demand except where certain accounts payable to
          brokerage clients represent monies received from clients for their margin financing activities under normal course of
          business, such as margin financing and securities lending. Only the excess amounts over the required margin deposits and
          cash collateral stipulated are repayable on demand.

          No aging analysis is disclosed as in the opinion of the directors of the Company, the aging analysis does not give additional
          value in view of the nature of these businesses.




360
                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
47 Employee benefits payable

Non-current



                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2023                             2022



Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                   6,431,780                        6,588,448




                                                                                                                                         About Us
Current



                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2023                             2022



Salaries, bonuses and allowance                                                   3,744,726                         4,755,421

Contribution to pension scheme                                                        4,284                             4,251

Other social welfare                                                               402,429                          544,505



                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Total                                                                              4,151,439                        5,304,177




                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company paid tenure incentives for 2022 and previous years to directors and
senior management personnel amounted to RMB15.93 million.



48 Other payables and accruals

Non-current




                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                                                                                     As at 31 December
                                                                                      2023                             2022



Lease liabilities

1 to 2 years (inclusive)                                                           572,755                           537,830

2 to 5 years (inclusive)                                                           282,494                           417,309

After 5 years                                                                        72,031                           70,779

Total                                                                              927,280                          1,025,918




                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
The Group's leases are mainly land and buildings for operations. Most lease contracts are entered into terms from 1 year to
5 years.

(1) During year of 2023, the expenses related to short-term leases and low-value leases of RMB39 million (2022: RMB42




                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
million) were recognised in profit or loss.

(2) As at 31 December 2023, the cash flows of lease contracts signed by the Group but lease not yet commenced are
insignificant.




                                                                                                                                361
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Current



                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                                                2023                             2022



          Trade payable                                                                    98,159,066                         92,616,101

          Payable to brokers, dealers and clearing house                                    3,841,663                        6,765,938

          Payable to open-ended funds                                                       7,825,379                        5,359,599

          Other tax payable                                                                    168,412                         474,463

          Restrictive repurchase obligation                                                   228,371                          366,523

          Lease liabilities                                                                   540,881                          492,667

          Fee and commission payable                                                           110,456                          120,537

          Futures risk reserve                                                                238,043                          209,833

          Payable to outsourcing service                                                       161,898                          187,423

          Payable to the securities investor protection fund                                   48,563                           63,090

          Funds payable to securities issuers                                                 228,431                          150,460

          Payable for office building construction                                             24,314                           27,794

          Dividend payable                                                                     64,097                           107,327

          Accrued liabilities(1)                                                              570,142                                101

          Others (2)                                                                        1,675,083                          1,154,716

          Total                                                                            113,884,799                      108,096,572




          (1) The balance of accrued liabilities mainly represents the provisions accrued for the outstanding litigation amounting to
          RMB570 million (Note 58).

          (2) The balance of others mainly represents payable to brokerage agents and sundry payables arising from normal course
          of business.




362
                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
49 Contract liabilities


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023                      2022



Advance fee and commission                                                        158,581                   210,394

Advance consideration from commodity trading                                       18,919                    8,549

Total                                                                             177,500                   218,943




50 Financial assets sold under repurchase agreements                                                                            About Us


(a) Analysed by collateral type:


                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023                      2022




                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
Debt securities                                                               130,284,994               128,090,388

Equity securities                                                               13,771,155                11,960,616




                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Precious metal                                                                          -                4,066,994

Total                                                                         144,056,149                144,117,998




As at 31 December 2023, the Group's pledged collateral in connection with financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements amounted to RMB177,096 million (as at 31 December 2022: RMB164,709 million).


(b) Analysed by market:




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
                                                                                  As at 31 December
                                                                                   2023                      2022



Inter-bank market                                                              91,007,974               68,008,692

Shanghai stock exchange                                                        39,159,490               39,055,352

Shenzhen stock exchange                                                        13,888,685                10,751,999

Over-the-counter                                                                        -                26,301,955

Total                                                                         144,056,149                144,117,998




                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                       363
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          51 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

          Non-current



                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2023                               2022



          Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                  8,961,031                         5,569,938




          Current



                                                                                                   As at 31 December
                                                                                                    2023                               2022



          Financial liabilities held for trading                                                35,932,137                        36,507,296

          Financial liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss                 7,777,998                          6,498,325

          Total                                                                                 43,710,135                         43,005,621




          In the consolidated financial statements, the financial liabilities arising from consolidation of structured entities and private
          funds with the underlying investments related to listed equity investments in active markets and unlisted equity investments
          are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as the Group has the obligation to pay other investors
          or limited partners upon maturity dates of the structured entities based on net book value and related terms of those
          consolidated asset management schemes or private equity funds.

          In the consolidated financial statements, certain structured notes are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the
          Group, as the host contracts of structured notes contains embedded derivatives.

          In the consolidated financial statements, certain bonds are designated at fair value through profit or loss by the Group, as
          the designation can significantly reduce the accounting mismatch.

          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, there were no significant fair value changes related to the changes in the
          credit risk of the Group, respectively.




364
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
52 Long-term bonds due within one year

As at 31 December 2023


Name                            Par value          Issuance date                  Due date            Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                                         Original currency



13 HUATAI 02                RMB6,000,000                5/6/2013                  5/6/2023             RMB6,000,000                    5.10%

18 HUATAI G2                 RMB1,000,000              26/11/2018                26/11/2023            RMB1,000,000                    4.17%

20 HUATAI G1                RMB8,000,000               26/3/2020                 26/3/2023             RMB8,000,000                    2.99%



                                                                                                                                                          About Us
20 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,200,000              18/6/2020                  18/6/2023            RMB3,200,000                    3.10%

20 HUATAI G7                RMB3,500,000              24/11/2020                 24/11/2023            RMB3,500,000                    3.90%

20 HUATAI G9                RMB4,000,000               9/12/2020                  9/12/2023            RMB4,000,000                    3.79%

21 HUATAI G1                RMB4,000,000                20/1/2021                 20/1/2024            RMB4,000,000                    3.58%

21 HUATAI G3                RMB5,000,000               26/4/2021                 26/4/2024             RMB5,000,000                    3.42%

21 HUATAI G5                RMB4,000,000               24/5/2021                 24/5/2024             RMB4,000,000                    3.28%

21 HUATAI G7                RMB2,000,000               15/6/2021                  15/6/2024            RMB2,000,000                   3.40%

21 HUATAI 09                RMB2,500,000                21/6/2021                 21/6/2024            RMB2,500,000                   3.45%

21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000               7/9/2021                  7/9/2024             RMB1,500,000                    3.03%




                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
21 HUATAI 13                 RMB2,100,000              18/10/2021                18/10/2024            RMB2,100,000                    3.25%

21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000             25/10/2021                 25/10/2024            RMB2,200,000                    3.22%

22 HUATAI G2                RMB2,000,000               15/8/2022                  15/8/2024            RMB2,000,000                    2.43%




                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
22 HUATAI G3                RMB3,000,000               26/8/2022                 26/8/2024             RMB3,000,000                    2.33%

22 HUATAI G6                RMB3,600,000               21/11/2022                 21/11/2024           RMB3,600,000                    2.87%

22 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,500,000              5/12/2022                  5/12/2024            RMB1,500,000                    2.87%

22 HUATAI 12                RMB4,000,000              22/12/2022                 22/12/2024            RMB4,000,000                    3.24%

HUATAI B2302c                 USD400,000               12/2/2020                  12/2/2023              USD400,000             LIBOR+0.95%

HUATAI B2404                  USD900,000                9/4/2021                  9/4/2024               USD900,000                    1.30%

Structured notes (1)          RMB500,843                 Note (1)                   Note (1)             RMB500,843                 Note (1)




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                            Book value as at 1                                                                           Book value as at 31
Name                            January 2023                        Increase                        Decrease                December 2023
                               RMB equivalent               RMB equivalent                     RMB equivalent               RMB equivalent



13 HUATAI 02                          6,177,782                        128,218                     (6,306,000)                              -

18 HUATAI G2                          1,003,869                         37,831                      (1,041,700)                             -

20 HUATAI G1                          8,182,656                        56,544                      (8,239,200)                              -

20 HUATAI G6                          3,251,653                        47,547                      (3,299,200)                              -

20 HUATAI G7                          3,513,690                        122,810                     (3,636,500)                              -

20 HUATAI G9                           4,009,121                      142,479                       (4,151,600)                             -

21 HUATAI G1                                  -                     4,279,016                        (143,200)                      4,135,816




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
21 HUATAI G3                                  -                     5,286,842                        (171,000)                      5,115,842

21 HUATAI G5                                  -                     4,210,028                         (131,200)                    4,078,828

21 HUATAI G7                                  -                      2,104,717                       (68,000)                       2,036,717




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
21 HUATAI 09                                  -                      2,631,376                        (86,250)                     2,545,126

21 HUATAI 11                                  -                      1,559,601                       (45,450)                        1,514,151

21 HUATAI 13                                  -                      2,182,074                        (68,250)                      2,113,824

21 HUATAI 15                                  -                     2,283,852                         (70,840)                      2,213,012

22 HUATAI G2                                  -                     2,066,498                        (48,600)                      2,017,898

22 HUATAI G3                                  -                     3,093,408                        (69,900)                      3,023,508

22 HUATAI G6                                  -                     3,714,463                        (103,320)                      3,611,143

22 HUATAI G8                                  -                     1,545,630                         (43,050)                     1,502,580

22 HUATAI 12                                  -                      4,131,236                       (129,600)                     4,001,636

HUATAI B2302c                         2,802,824                         11,082                     (2,813,906)                              -

HUATAI B2404                                  -                     6,471,560                         (82,868)                     6,388,692

Structured notes (1)                     121,154                      504,716                         (121,154)                      504,716

Total                               29,062,749                      46,611,528                    (30,870,788)                   44,803,489




                                                                                                                                                 365
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2022



          Name                                  Par value           Issuance date                  Due date             Issue amount      Nominal interest rate
                                         Original currency                                                           Original currency



          13 HUATAI 02                       RMB6,000,000                 5/6/2013                  5/6/2023             RMB6,000,000                      5.10%

          18 HUATAI G2                       RMB1,000,000                26/11/2018                26/11/2023             RMB1,000,000                     4.17%

          19 HUATAI G1                       RMB7,000,000                19/3/2019                  19/3/2022             RMB7,000,000                    3.68%

          19 HUATAI G3                       RMB5,000,000                22/4/2019                 22/4/2022             RMB5,000,000                     3.80%

          19 HUATAI 02                       RMB5,000,000                27/5/2019                 27/5/2022             RMB5,000,000                     3.94%

          19 HUATAI 03                       RMB4,000,000               24/10/2019                 24/10/2022            RMB4,000,000                     3.68%

          20 HUATAI G1                       RMB8,000,000               26/3/2020                  26/3/2023             RMB8,000,000                     2.99%

          20 HUATAI G6                       RMB3,200,000               18/6/2020                   18/6/2023             RMB3,200,000                     3.10%

          20 HUATAI G7                       RMB3,500,000               24/11/2020                 24/11/2023            RMB3,500,000                     3.90%

          20 HUATAI G8                       RMB4,000,000                9/12/2020                  9/12/2022            RMB4,000,000                     3.67%

          20 HUATAI G9                       RMB4,000,000                9/12/2020                  9/12/2023            RMB4,000,000                     3.79%

          19 Finance 01                      RMB6,000,000                21/8/2019                  21/8/2022            RMB6,000,000                     3.40%

          HUATAI B2205c                        USD500,000               23/5/2019                  23/5/2022               USD500,000                     3.38%

          HUATAI B2302c                        USD400,000                12/2/2020                  12/2/2023              USD400,000             LIBOR + 0.95%

          Structured notes (1)                  RMB121,154                 Note (1)                   Note (1)               RMB121,154                 Note (1)




                                            Book value as at 1                                                                              Book value as at 31
          Name                                  January 2022                          Increase                        Decrease                 December 2022
                                               RMB equivalent                 RMB equivalent                     RMB equivalent                 RMB equivalent



          13 HUATAI 02                                         -                      6,483,782                        (306,000)                       6,177,782

          18 HUATAI G2                                         -                      1,045,569                          (41,700)                      1,003,869

          19 HUATAI G1                                 7,201,826                         55,774                      (7,257,600)                               -

          19 HUATAI G3                                 5,130,878                         59,122                       (5,190,000)                              -

          19 HUATAI 02                                  5,116,891                        80,109                       (5,197,000)                              -

          19 HUATAI 03                                4,026,648                         120,552                       (4,147,200)                              -

          20 HUATAI G1                                         -                      8,421,856                        (239,200)                       8,182,656

          20 HUATAI G6                                         -                      3,350,853                         (99,200)                       3,251,653

          20 HUATAI G7                                         -                      3,650,190                        (136,500)                       3,513,690

          20 HUATAI G8                                4,008,705                         138,095                       (4,146,800)                              -

          20 HUATAI G9                                         -                       4,160,721                        (151,600)                      4,009,121

          19 Finance 01                               6,073,407                         130,593                      (6,204,000)                               -

          HUATAI B2205c                               3,198,594                         401,234                      (3,599,828)                               -

          HUATAI B2302c                                        -                      2,962,099                        (159,275)                      2,802,824

          Structured notes (1)                          615,359                         168,102                        (662,307)                          121,154

          Total                                      35,372,308                       31,228,651                     (37,538,210)                    29,062,749




          (1) As at 31 December 2023, RMB504.72 million of structured notes would mature within one year (as at 31 December 2022:
          RMB121.15 million).




366
                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
53 Long-term bonds

As at 31 December 2023


Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                         Original currency                                  Original currency



20 HUATAI G3                RMB3,500,000         29/4/2020    29/4/2025        RMB3,500,000                    2.90%

20 HUATAI G4                RMB3,000,000         21/5/2020     21/5/2025       RMB3,000,000                    3.20%

21 HUATAI G1                RMB4,000,000          20/1/2021    20/1/2024       RMB4,000,000                    3.58%



                                                                                                                                 About Us
21 HUATAI G3                RMB5,000,000         26/4/2021    26/4/2024        RMB5,000,000                    3.42%

21 HUATAI G4                RMB6,000,000          17/5/2021    17/5/2026       RMB6,000,000                     3.71%

21 HUATAI G5                RMB4,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2024        RMB4,000,000                    3.28%

21 HUATAI G6                RMB2,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2026        RMB2,000,000                    3.63%

21 HUATAI G7                RMB2,000,000         15/6/2021     15/6/2024       RMB2,000,000                    3.40%

21 HUATAI 09                RMB2,500,000          21/6/2021    21/6/2024       RMB2,500,000                    3.45%

21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000         7/9/2021     7/9/2024         RMB1,500,000                   3.03%

21 HUATAI 12                 RMB2,700,000         7/9/2021      7/9/2031        RMB2,700,000                   3.78%




                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
21 HUATAI 13                 RMB2,100,000        18/10/2021   18/10/2024        RMB2,100,000                   3.25%

21 HUATAI 14                RMB3,400,000         18/10/2021   18/10/2031       RMB3,400,000                    3.99%

21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2024        RMB2,200,000                   3.22%




                                                                                                                               and Strategies
21 HUATAI 16                 RMB1,100,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2031        RMB1,100,000                   3.94%

22 HUATAI G1                RMB5,000,000         14/2/2022     14/2/2025       RMB5,000,000                    2.79%

22 HUATAI G2                RMB2,000,000         15/8/2022     15/8/2024       RMB2,000,000                    2.43%

22 HUATAI G3                RMB3,000,000         26/8/2022    26/8/2024        RMB3,000,000                    2.33%

22 HUATAI G4                RMB2,000,000          5/9/2022     5/9/2025        RMB2,000,000                    2.52%

22 HUATAI G5                RMB3,000,000         13/9/2022     13/9/2025       RMB3,000,000                    2.50%

22 HUATAI G6                RMB3,600,000         21/11/2022   21/11/2024       RMB3,600,000                    2.87%




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
22 HUATAI G7                 RMB1,400,000        21/11/2022    21/11/2027       RMB1,400,000                   3.18%

22 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,500,000        5/12/2022     5/12/2024        RMB1,500,000                   2.87%

22 HUATAI 10                RMB2,000,000         12/12/2022   12/12/2025       RMB2,000,000                    3.35%

22 HUATAI 11                  RMB500,000         12/12/2022   12/12/2027         RMB500,000                    3.49%

22 HUATAI 12                RMB4,000,000        22/12/2022    22/12/2024       RMB4,000,000                    3.24%

23 HUATAI G1                RMB4,000,000         10/1/2023     10/1/2025       RMB4,000,000                    2.92%

23 HUATAI G2                  RMB800,000         16/1/2023     16/1/2025         RMB800,000                    3.00%

23 HUATAI G3                RMB2,000,000         16/1/2023     16/1/2028       RMB2,000,000                    3.48%

23 HUATAI G4                RMB4,500,000          6/2/2023     6/2/2026        RMB4,500,000                    3.23%

23 HUATAI G5                RMB4,000,000         13/2/2023     13/2/2028       RMB4,000,000                    3.39%

23 HUATAI G6                 RMB1,500,000        27/2/2023    27/2/2026         RMB1,500,000                   3.14%




                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
23 HUATAI G7                RMB2,200,000         27/2/2023    27/2/2028        RMB2,200,000                    3.36%

23 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,700,000        10/5/2023     10/7/2025        RMB1,700,000                   2.82%

23 HUATAI G9                  RMB700,000         10/5/2023    10/5/2028          RMB700,000                    3.07%




                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
23 HUATAI 10                RMB2,000,000        24/8/2023     24/8/2026        RMB2,000,000                    2.64%




                                                                                                                        367
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Name                          Par value    Issuance date    Due date        Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                 Original currency                                 Original currency



          23 HUATAI 11               RMB2,500,000        21/9/2023    21/9/2026       RMB2,500,000                    2.89%

          23 HUATAI 13               RMB1,000,000       16/10/2023    16/10/2025       RMB1,000,000                   2.80%

          23 HUATAI 14               RMB1,600,000       16/10/2023    16/10/2033       RMB1,600,000                   3.35%

          23 HUATAI 15               RMB1,000,000         6/11/2023    6/8/2026        RMB1,000,000                   2.83%

          23 HUATAI 16              RMB2,500,000          6/11/2023    6/11/2033      RMB2,500,000                    3.30%

          23 HUATAI F2              RMB2,800,000         27/11/2023   27/11/2026      RMB2,800,000                    3.07%

          23 HUATAI F4              RMB3,600,000        15/12/2023    15/12/2026      RMB3,600,000                    3.08%

          20 HUATAI C1              RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020   13/11/2025      RMB5,000,000                    4.48%

          21 HUATAI C1              RMB9,000,000          29/1/2021   29/1/2026       RMB9,000,000                    4.50%

          HUATAI B2404                USD900,000          9/4/2021     9/4/2024         USD900,000                    1.30%

          HUATAI B2604                USD500,000          9/4/2021     9/4/2026         USD500,000                    2.00%

          HUATAI B2503               USD1,000,000         3/3/2022     3/3/2025        USD1,000,000                   2.38%

          HUATAI B2509              CNH3,025,000         14/9/2022    14/9/2025       CNH3,025,000                    2.85%

          HUATAI B2608                USD400,000          9/8/2023     9/8/2026         USD400,000                    5.25%

          HUATAI B2611                USD800,000        29/11/2023    29/11/2026        USD800,000            SOFR + 0.90%

          Structured notes (1)       RMB3,030,000          Note (1)     Note (1)       RMB3,030,000                 Note (1)




368
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                       Book value as at                                      Book value as at
Name                    1 January 2023       Increase       Decrease       31 December 2023
                                  RMB             RMB            RMB                    RMB
                            equivalent      equivalent     equivalent             equivalent



20 HUATAI G3                  3,566,652         102,166       (101,500)              3,567,318

20 HUATAI G4                  3,057,447         96,570        (96,000)              3,058,017

21 HUATAI G1                   4,134,487              -     (4,134,487)                      -

21 HUATAI G3                    5,114,197             -      (5,114,197)                     -

21 HUATAI G4                  6,134,805        223,739       (222,600)              6,135,944

21 HUATAI G5                   4,077,517              -     (4,077,517)                      -



                                                                                                           About Us
21 HUATAI G6                  2,042,565         72,980        (72,600)              2,042,945

21 HUATAI G7                  2,036,063               -    (2,036,063)                       -

21 HUATAI 09                  2,544,308               -    (2,544,308)                       -

21 HUATAI 11                   1,513,806              -     (1,513,806)                      -

21 HUATAI 12                  2,730,676         102,224      (102,060)              2,730,840

21 HUATAI 13                   2,113,678              -     (2,113,678)                      -

21 HUATAI 14                   3,427,081        135,722      (135,660)               3,427,143

21 HUATAI 15                   2,212,859              -     (2,212,859)                      -

21 HUATAI 16                   1,107,833        43,360        (43,340)               1,107,853




                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
22 HUATAI G1                   5,118,848        141,180      (139,500)              5,120,528

22 HUATAI G2                   2,017,070              -     (2,017,070)                      -

22 HUATAI G3                   3,022,110              -     (3,022,110)                      -



                                                                                                         and Strategies
22 HUATAI G4                   2,014,753        50,944        (50,400)               2,015,297

22 HUATAI G5                   3,019,971         75,918       (75,000)              3,020,889

22 HUATAI G6                   3,610,774              -     (3,610,774)                      -

22 HUATAI G7                  1,404,662         44,575        (44,520)               1,404,717

22 HUATAI G8                   1,502,007              -     (1,502,007)                      -

22 HUATAI 10                  2,002,083         67,498        (67,000)              2,002,581

22 HUATAI 11                    500,556          17,522        (17,450)               500,628

22 HUATAI 12                  3,999,798               -    (3,999,798)                       -




                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
23 HUATAI G1                           -      4,113,345               -              4,113,345

23 HUATAI G2                           -       822,900                -               822,900

23 HUATAI G3                           -     2,065,894                -             2,065,894

23 HUATAI G4                           -     4,629,523                -             4,629,523

23 HUATAI G5                           -      4,117,997               -              4,117,997

23 HUATAI G6                           -      1,539,132               -              1,539,132

23 HUATAI G7                           -       2,261,221              -              2,261,221

23 HUATAI G8                           -      1,730,405               -             1,730,405

23 HUATAI G9                           -        713,520               -                713,520

23 HUATAI 10                           -      2,017,583               -              2,017,583

23 HUATAI 11                           -      2,518,935               -             2,518,935




                                                                                                          Financial Report and
23 HUATAI 13                           -      1,005,417               -              1,005,417

23 HUATAI 14                           -      1,610,427               -              1,610,427

23 HUATAI 15                           -      1,003,315               -              1,003,315

23 HUATAI 16                           -      2,510,029               -              2,510,029




                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
23 HUATAI F2                           -      2,808,118               -              2,808,118

23 HUATAI F4                           -      3,601,796               -              3,601,796

20 HUATAIC1                   5,027,690        224,730       (224,000)              5,028,420

21 HUATAI C1                   9,368,951       406,728       (405,000)              9,370,679

HUATAI B2404                   6,280,411              -     (6,280,411)                      -

HUATAI B2604                   3,491,943        129,778       (70,827)              3,550,894

HUATAI B2503                   7,000,146        291,941      (168,568)               7,123,519

HUATAI B2509                   3,041,406        89,697         (86,213)             3,044,890

HUATAI B2608                           -     2,876,402                -             2,876,402

HUATAI B2611                           -     5,685,678                -             5,685,678

Structured notes (1)           2,119,436       1,359,181     (350,844)               3,127,773

Total                        110,356,589    51,308,090     (46,652,167)             115,012,512




                                                                                                  369
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2022



          Name                            Par value    Issuance date     Due date         Issue amount     Nominal interest rate
                                   Original currency                                   Original currency



          13 HUATAI 02                 RMB6,000,000          5/6/2013     5/6/2023         RMB6,000,000                    5.10%

          18 HUATAI G2                 RMB1,000,000         26/11/2018   26/11/2023        RMB1,000,000                    4.17%

          20 HUATAI G1                 RMB8,000,000        26/3/2020     26/3/2023         RMB8,000,000                   2.99%

          20 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,500,000        29/4/2020     29/4/2025         RMB3,500,000                   2.90%

          20 HUATAI G4                 RMB3,000,000         21/5/2020     21/5/2025        RMB3,000,000                   3.20%

          20 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,200,000        18/6/2020      18/6/2023        RMB3,200,000                    3.10%

          20 HUATAI G7                 RMB3,500,000        24/11/2020    24/11/2023        RMB3,500,000                   3.90%

          20 HUATAI G9                 RMB4,000,000         9/12/2020     9/12/2023        RMB4,000,000                   3.79%

          21 HUATAI G1                 RMB4,000,000         20/1/2021     20/1/2024        RMB4,000,000                   3.58%

          21 HUATAI G3                 RMB5,000,000         26/4/2021    26/4/2024         RMB5,000,000                   3.42%

          21 HUATAI G4                 RMB6,000,000         17/5/2021     17/5/2026        RMB6,000,000                    3.71%

          21 HUATAI G5                 RMB4,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2024         RMB4,000,000                   3.28%

          21 HUATAI G6                 RMB2,000,000         24/5/2021    24/5/2026         RMB2,000,000                   3.63%

          21 HUATAI G7                 RMB2,000,000         15/6/2021     15/6/2024        RMB2,000,000                   3.40%

          21 HUATAI 09                 RMB2,500,000         21/6/2021     21/6/2024        RMB2,500,000                   3.45%

          21 HUATAI 11                 RMB1,500,000          7/9/2021     7/9/2024         RMB1,500,000                   3.03%

          21 HUATAI 12                 RMB2,700,000          7/9/2021      7/9/2031        RMB2,700,000                   3.78%

          21 HUATAI 13                  RMB2,100,000       18/10/2021    18/10/2024         RMB2,100,000                  3.25%

          21 HUATAI 14                 RMB3,400,000        18/10/2021     18/10/2031       RMB3,400,000                   3.99%

          21 HUATAI 15                 RMB2,200,000        25/10/2021    25/10/2024        RMB2,200,000                   3.22%

          21 HUATAI 16                  RMB1,100,000       25/10/2021    25/10/2031         RMB1,100,000                  3.94%

          20 HUATAI C1                 RMB5,000,000         13/11/2020    13/11/2025       RMB5,000,000                   4.48%

          21 HUATAI C1                 RMB9,000,000         29/1/2021     29/1/2026        RMB9,000,000                   4.50%

          22 HUATAI G1                 RMB5,000,000         14/2/2022     14/2/2025        RMB5,000,000                   2.79%

          22 HUATAI G2                 RMB2,000,000        15/8/2022      15/8/2024        RMB2,000,000                   2.43%

          22 HUATAI G3                 RMB3,000,000        26/8/2022     26/8/2024         RMB3,000,000                   2.33%

          22 HUATAI G4                 RMB2,000,000         5/9/2022      5/9/2025         RMB2,000,000                   2.52%

          22 HUATAI G5                 RMB3,000,000         13/9/2022     13/9/2025        RMB3,000,000                   2.50%

          22 HUATAI G6                 RMB3,600,000         21/11/2022    21/11/2024       RMB3,600,000                   2.87%

          22 HUATAI G7                 RMB1,400,000         21/11/2022    21/11/2027       RMB1,400,000                    3.18%

          22 HUATAI G8                 RMB1,500,000         5/12/2022     5/12/2024        RMB1,500,000                   2.87%

          22 HUATAI 10                 RMB2,000,000        12/12/2022    12/12/2025        RMB2,000,000                   3.35%

          22 HUATAI 11                  RMB500,000         12/12/2022    12/12/2027         RMB500,000                    3.49%

          22 HUATAI 12                 RMB4,000,000        22/12/2022    22/12/2024        RMB4,000,000                   3.24%

          HUATAI B2302c                 USD400,000          12/2/2020     12/2/2023         USD400,000            LIBOR + 0.95%

          HUATAI B2404                  USD900,000           9/4/2021     9/4/2024          USD900,000                     1.30%

          HUATAI B2604                  USD500,000           9/4/2021     9/4/2026          USD500,000                    2.00%

          HUATAI B2503                  USD1,000,000        3/3/2022      3/3/2025          USD1,000,000                  2.38%

          HUATAI B2509                 CNH3,025,000        14/9/2022     14/9/2025         CNH3,025,000                   2.85%

          Structured notes (1)          RMB2,117,600          Note (1)      Note (1)        RMB2,117,600                Note (1)




370
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                    Book value as at                                                        Book value as at
Name                                 1 January 2022               Increase                 Decrease       31 December 2022
                                     RMB equivalent          RMB equivalent           RMB equivalent         RMB equivalent



13 HUATAI 02                                6,176,275                      -               (6,176,275)                      -

18 HUATAI G2                                1,003,674                      -               (1,003,674)                      -

20 HUATAI G1                                 8,180,110                     -                (8,180,110)                     -

20 HUATAI G3                               3,566,005                  102,147                (101,500)             3,566,652

20 HUATAI G4                               3,056,894                 96,553                  (96,000)              3,057,447

20 HUATAI G6                                3,251,065                      -               (3,251,065)                      -



                                                                                                                                          About Us
20 HUATAI G7                                3,513,326                      -               (3,513,326)                      -

20 HUATAI G9                               4,008,862                       -              (4,008,862)                       -

21 HUATAI G1                                4,133,205                144,482                (143,200)               4,134,487

21 HUATAI G3                                 5,112,607               172,590                 (171,000)               5,114,197

21 HUATAI G4                                6,133,706               223,699                 (222,600)               6,134,805

21 HUATAI G5                                4,076,248                132,469                 (131,200)              4,077,517

21 HUATAI G6                                2,042,198                 72,967                 (72,600)              2,042,565

21 HUATAI G7                                2,035,430                68,633                  (68,000)              2,036,063

21 HUATAI 09                                2,543,518                 87,040                 (86,250)              2,544,308



                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
21 HUATAI 11                                 1,513,470                45,786                 (45,450)               1,513,806

21 HUATAI 12                                2,730,519                 102,217               (102,060)               2,730,676




                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
21 HUATAI 13                                 2,113,536                68,392                 (68,250)                2,113,678

21 HUATAI 14                                3,427,022                 135,719               (135,660)               3,427,081

21 HUATAI 15                                 2,212,710                70,989                 (70,840)               2,212,859

21 HUATAI 16                                 1,107,814                43,359                 (43,340)                1,107,833

20 HUATAI C1                                5,026,991               224,699                 (224,000)              5,027,690

21 HUATAI C1                                9,367,298               406,653                (405,000)                9,368,951

22 HUATAI G1                                        -               5,118,848                        -              5,118,848

22 HUATAI G2                                        -               2,017,070                        -              2,017,070




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
22 HUATAI G3                                        -               3,022,110                        -               3,022,110

22 HUATAI G4                                        -              2,014,753                         -              2,014,753

22 HUATAI G5                                        -               3,019,971                        -               3,019,971

22 HUATAI G6                                        -               3,610,774                        -              3,610,774

22 HUATAI G7                                        -              1,404,662                         -              1,404,662

22 HUATAI G8                                        -              1,502,007                         -              1,502,007

22 HUATAI 10                                        -              2,002,083                         -             2,002,083

22 HUATAI 11                                        -               500,556                          -               500,556

22 HUATAI 12                                        -              3,999,798                         -             3,999,798

HUATAI B2302c                               2,552,586                      -              (2,552,586)                       -




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
HUATAI B2404                                5,743,247                618,650                 (81,486)               6,280,411

HUATAI B2604                                3,194,403                367,186                 (69,646)               3,491,943

HUATAI B2503                                        -              7,000,146                         -              7,000,146

HUATAI B2509                                        -              3,041,406                         -              3,041,406




                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
Structured notes (1)                          143,400              2,138,043                (162,007)               2,119,436

Total                                      97,966,119             43,576,457              (31,185,987)            110,356,589




(1) The Company has issued 2 tranches of long-term structured notes for the year ended 31 December 2023 (as at 31
December 2022: 6 tranches). As at 31 December 2023, 2 tranches of long-term structured notes due within one year are
classified as "Long-term bonds due within one year" (as at 31 December 2022: 3 tranches) (Note 52).




                                                                                                                                 371
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          54 Long-term bank loans

          (a) Analysed by nature:


                                                         As at 31 December
                                                          2023                 2022



          Unsecured bank loans                          647,052              804,903

          Less: credit bank loans due within one year        -                     -

          Total                                         647,052              804,903




          (b) Analysed by maturity:


                                                         As at 31 December
                                                          2023                 2022



          Maturity within five years                    647,052              804,903




372
      55 Share capital, reserves and retained profits

      (a) Movements in components of equity

      The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group's consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details
      of the changes in the Company's individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out below:



                                                                                                                                           Reserves
                                                                Other equity                                                                                Fair value    Translation
                                         Note   Share capital   instruments    Treasury shares     Capital reserve    Surplus reserve    General reserve      reserve        reserve     Retained profits         Total



      As at 1 January 2023                          9,075,589     19,200,000        (1,202,324)         68,927,383          7,790,909          15,795,052       28,164          18,981        24,000,453     143,634,207

      Adjustments                                           -              -                  -                  -                419                 839            -              -               2,937          4,195

      As at 1 January 2023(restated)                9,075,589     19,200,000        (1,202,324)         68,927,383           7,791,328         15,795,891       28,164          18,981        24,003,390     143,638,402

      Changes in equity for 2023



      Profit for the year                                   -              -                  -                  -                  -                   -            -              -           10,466,721    10,466,721

      Other comprehensive income                            -              -                  -                  -                  -                   -        7,441              -                   -          7,441

      Total comprehensive income                            -              -                  -                  -                  -                   -        7,441              -           10,466,721    10,474,162



      Issue of perpetual subordinated
                                                            -      6,500,000                  -             (7,148)                 -                   -            -              -                   -     6,492,852
        bonds
      Equity-settled share-based
                                                            -              -            130,514             72,582                  -                   -            -              -                   -       203,096
        payments
      Appropriation to surplus reserve                      -              -                  -                  -           1,046,672                  -            -              -         (1,046,672)             -

      Appropriation to general reserve                      -              -                  -                  -                  -           2,094,017            -              -         (2,094,017)             -
      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                            -              -                  -                  -                  -                   -            -              -         (4,063,223)    (4,063,223)
        shareholders for the year
      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                            -              -                  -                  -                  -                   -            -              -          (705,430)      (705,430)
        subordinated bonds
      Others                                            (926)              -              7,637          (993,357)                  -                   -            -              -                   -     (986,646)

      As at 31 December 2023             64         9,074,663     25,700,000         (1,064,173)        67,999,460          8,838,000         17,889,908       35,605           18,981        26,560,769     155,053,213




373
                                     Financial Report and                                                                      Operating Analysis
                                                                               Corporate Governance                                                                      About Us                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                   Documents for Inspection                                                                     and Strategies
374



                                                                                                                                              Reserves
                                                                  Other equity                                                                                  Fair value   Translation
                                         Note   Share capital     instruments     Treasury shares     Capital reserve    Surplus reserve    General reserve       reserve       reserve     Retained profits         Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                                               HUATAI SECURITIES




      As at 1 January 2022                          9,076,650        9,989,057          (1,231,547)        68,902,890          6,569,922          13,352,459        20,138         18,981         20,003,532    126,702,082

      Adjustments                                            -               -                   -                  -                466                 931             -             -                3,261        4,658

      As at 1 January 2022(restated)                9,076,650        9,989,057          (1,231,547)        68,902,890          6,570,388          13,353,390        20,138         18,981         20,006,793    126,706,740

      Changes in equity for 2022



      Profit for the year                                    -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -             -             -          12,209,408     12,209,408

      Other comprehensive income                             -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -         8,026             -                   -          8,026

      Total comprehensive income                             -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -         8,026             -          12,209,408      12,217,434



      Issue of perpetual subordinated
                                                             -       9,200,000                   -            (10,098)                 -                   -             -             -                   -      9,189,902
        bonds
      Equity-settled share-based
                                                             -               -              19,992            124,674                  -                   -             -             -                   -       144,666
        payments
      Acquisition of treasury shares                         -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -             -             -                   -              -

      Appropriation to surplus reserve                       -               -                   -                  -           1,220,940                  -             -             -          (1,220,940)             -

      Appropriation to general reserve                       -               -                   -                  -                  -           2,442,501             -             -          (2,442,501)             -
      Dividends declared to ordinary
                                                             -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -             -             -         (4,063,640)    (4,063,640)
        shareholders for the year
      Dividends payable to perpetual
                                                             -               -                   -                  -                  -                   -             -             -           (485,730)     (485,730)
        subordinated bonds

      Others                                            (1,061)          10,943               9,231          (90,083)                  -                   -             -             -                   -       (70,970)

      As at 31 December 2022             64         9,075,589        19,200,000         (1,202,324)        68,927,383           7,791,328          15,795,891       28,164         18,981         24,003,390    143,638,402
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(b) Share capital

All shares issued by the Company are fully paid common shares. The par value per share is RMB1. The Company's number
of shares issued and their nominal value are as follows:



                                                As at 31 December 2023                                   As at 31 December 2022

                                                 Number                                                    Number
                                                of shares                Nominal value                    of shares               Nominal value

                                              (Thousand)                                                (Thousand)




                                                                                                                                                             About Us
Registered, issued and fully paid:

  A shares of RMB1 each                          7,355,617                    7,355,617                   7,356,543                    7,356,543

  H shares of RMB1 each                           1,719,046                    1,719,046                   1,719,046                    1,719,046

Total                                            9,074,663                    9,074,663                   9,075,589                    9,075,589




On 1 June 2015, the Company completed its initial public offering of 1,400,000,000 H shares on the Main Board of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange. On 19 June 2015, the Company partially exercised the over-allotment option and issued 162,768,800 H
shares.


                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
According to the relevant requirements of PRC regulators, existing shareholders of the state-owned shares of the Company
have transferred an aggregate number of 156,276,880 state-owned shares of the Company to the National Social Security


                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
Fund of the PRC, and such shares were then converted into H shares on a one-for-one basis.

In July 2018, the Company completed private placement of issuance of 1,088,731,200 new A shares.

On 20 June 2019, the Company completed its issuance of 75,013,636 GDRs, representing 750,136,360 underlying A shares,
and listed on the London Stock Exchange. On 27 June 2019, the Company exercised the over-allotment option and issued
additional 7,501,364 GDRs, representing 75,013,640 underlying A shares. In total, the Company has issued 82,515,000 GDRs,
representing 825,150,000 new A shares with nominal value of RMB1.00 each. The total paid-up share capital of the Company
after the change was RMB9,076,650,000.




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
In 2022, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 1,060,973 restricted A Shares, after which the
Company's registered capital was RMB9,075,589,027 and the total share capital of the Company was 9,075,589,027 shares
of RMB1 each.

In 2023, the Company completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 restricted A Share, after which the Company's
registered capital was RMB9,074,663,335 and the total share capital of the Company was 9,074,663,335 shares of RMB1 each.

The H shares and GDRs representing A shares rank pari passu in all respects with the existing A shares including the right to
receive all dividends and distributions declared or made.


(c) Other equity instruments




                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                                                                                              As at 31 December
                                                                                               2023                                       2022




                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
Perpetual subordinated bonds                                                               25,700,000                                 19,200,000




As approved by the CSRC, the Company issued eight batches of perpetual subordinated bonds ("21 Huatai Y1", "21 Huatai Y2",
"21 Huatai Y3", "22 Huatai Y1", "22 Huatai Y2", "22 Huatai Y3","23 Huatai Y1"and"23 Huatai Y2") with an initial interest rate of 3.85%,
4.00%, 3.80%, 3.49%, 3.59%, 3.20%, 3.46% and 3.58% on 15 September 2021, 26 October 2021, 16 November 2021, 26 January 2022,
11 July 2022, 21 October 2022, 8 September 2023 and 20 October 2023, respectively. The perpetual subordinated bonds have
no fixed maturity dates and the Company has an option to redeem the bonds at principal amounts plus any accrued
interest on the fifth interest payment date or any interest payment date afterwards.

The interest rate for perpetual subordinated bonds is fixed in the first 5 years and will be repriced every 5 years. The repriced
interest rate is determined as the sum of the current base rate and the initial spread plus 300bp. The current base rate is




                                                                                                                                                    375
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          defined as the average yield of 5 years treasury from the interbank fixed rate bond yield curve published on China Bond
          webpage 5 working days before the adjustment.

          The issuer has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest payments, so that at each
          interest payment date, the issuer may choose to defer the interest payment to the next payment date for the current
          period as well as all interest and accreted interest already deferred, without being subject to any limitation with respect to
          the number of deferrals. Mandatory interest payment events are limited to dividend distributions to ordinary equity holders
          and reductions of registered capital.

          As the Company declared dividend distribution to ordinary equity holders during the 2022 annual general meeting held
          on 30 June 2023, the Company has recognised interest payable to the perpetual subordinated bonds amounted to RMB
          705,430 thousand.

          The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified as equity instruments and presented under equity
          in the Group's statement of financial position.


          (d) Treasury shares


                                                         As at 1                Increase               Decrease                 As at 31
                                                  January 2023              for the year             for the year         December 2023



          Share repurchase                               835,802                       -                        -                835,802
          Restricted Share Incentive
            Scheme of A Shares                           366,522                       -                 (138,151)                228,371
          Total                                         1,202,324                      -                 (138,151)               1,064,173




          On 30 March 2023, the Board and the Supervisory Committee of the Company respectively considered and approved the
          proposal on the achievement of the conditions of unlocking first lock-up period of Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A
          Shares. According to the achievement of performance conditions at the company level and the achievement of individual
          performance conditions of incentive recipients, the total number of restricted shares that could be released this time was
          14,222,943 shares, and the restricted shares that were unlocked for sale would be listed and circulated on 24 April 2023,
          remaining 30,204,084 shares of the Company's Restricted A shares. According to the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of
          A Shares Plan, the share repurchase's obligation was reduced accordingly by RMB117.34 million.

          On 30 June 2023, pursuant to the resolution of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of Shareholders, cash dividend of RMB4.50
          (tax inclusive) per 10 shares was distributed based on 9,029,384,840 shares excluding the A shares deposited in the special
          repurchase accounts of the Company and the A shares to be repurchased and cancelled. According to the Restricted
          Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares Plan, the share repurchase's obligation was reduced accordingly by RMB13.17 million.

          On 30 March 2023, the Company convened the second meeting of the sixth session of the Board and the second meeting
          of the sixth session of the Supervisory Committee, at which the proposal on the Company's repurchase and cancellation
          of part of the restricted A Shares were considered and approved. On 30 June 2023, the Company held the 2022 Annual
          General Meeting of Shareholders, the 2023 Second A Share Class Meeting of Shareholders and the 2023 Second H Share
          Class Meeting of Shareholders, at which the proposal on the Company's repurchase and cancellation of part of the
          restricted A Shares were considered and approved. There are 137 Incentive Participants who do not fully satisfy individual
          performance conditions and dismiss or terminate their employment relationships with the Company. According to the
          relevant provisions of the incentive plan, the Company repurchased and cancelled a total of 925,692 the restricted A Shares
          that have been granted to above 137 incentive participants but not yet unlocked in. The repurchase price was RMB8.25
          per share, and the Company's registered capital was reduced by RMB925,692, after which the total share capital of the
          Company was 9,074,663,335 shares of RMB1 each. As of 22 September 2023, the Company has paid the above-mentioned
          share repurchase reduction amount of RMB7.6 million to the 137 incentive participants who no longer have the qualification
          of incentive participants, and completed the repurchase and cancellation of 925,692 shares. The treasury shares was
          reduced accordingly by RMB7.6 million.


          (e) Capital reserve

          Capital reserve mainly includes share premium arising from the issuance of new shares at prices in excess of face value
          and the difference between the considerations of acquisition of equity interests from non-controlling shareholders and the
          carrying amount of the proportionate net assets.




376
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(f) Surplus reserve

Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its net profit to the statutory
surplus reserve until the balance reaches 50% of its registered capital.

Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the statutory reserve may be used to offset accumulated losses, or converted
into capital of provided that the balance of the statutory surplus reserve after such capitalisation is not less than 25% of the
registered capital immediately before the capitalisation.


(g) General reserve

General reserve includes general risk reserve and transaction risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007                     About Us
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007, the Company appropriates 10% of its annual net profit to
the general risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC Circular regarding the Annual Reporting of Securities Companies in 2007
(Zhengjian Jigou Zi [2007] No. 320) issued on 18 December 2007 and in compliance with the Securities Law, for the purpose
of covering securities trading losses, the Company appropriates 10% from its annual net profit to the transaction risk reserve.

In accordance with the requirements of the CSRC No. 94 Provisional Measures on Supervision and Administration of Risk



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
Provision of Public Offering of Securities Investment Funds, the Company appropriates 2.5% from its fund custody fee
income to the general risk reserve.




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
The Company's subsidiaries appropriate their profits to the general reserve according to the applicable local regulations.


(h) Fair value reserve

The fair value reserve comprises:

- The cumulative net changes in the fair value of equity securities designated at FVOCI; and

- The cumulative net changes in fair value of debt securities at FVOCI until the assets are derecognised or reclassified. This
amount is adjusted by the amount of loss allowance.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
(i) Cash flow hedge reserve

The cash flow hedge reserve comprises the effective portion of the gain or loss on the hedging instrument.


(j) Translation reserve

The translation reserve mainly comprises foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the financial
statements of foreign operations.


(k) Dividends




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
Pursuant to the resolution of the general meeting of the shareholders dated 30 June 2023, the Company was approved
to distribute cash dividends of RMB4.50 (tax inclusive) per 10 shares to the shareholders based on 9,075,589,027 shares
deducting the actual number of shares entitled to the dividend distribution (excluding 45,278,495 shares deposited in the
special repurchase accounts of the Company and 925,692 A Shares to be repurchased and cancelled), i.e. 9,029,384,840



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
shares, with total cash dividends amounting to RMB4,063 million. The cash dividends of the Company was paid on 11 August
2023.




                                                                                                                                   377
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          56 Commitments

          (a) Capital commitments

          Capital commitments outstanding at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 not provided for in the consolidated
          financial statements were as follows:



                                                                                        As at 31 December

                                                                                          2023                                      2022



          Contracted, but not provided for                                             7,156,300                                  3,130,051




          The aforementioned capital commitments mainly represent the securities underwriting commitments of the Group and
          long-term asset purchase and construction commitments.



          57 Interests in structured entities

          (a) Interests in structured entities consolidated by the Group

          Structured entities consolidated by the Group mainly stand for the asset management schemes where the Group involves
          as manager and / or as investor. The Group assesses whether the combination of investments it holds together with its
          remuneration creates exposure to variability of returns from the activities of the asset management schemes to a level of
          such significance that it indicates that the Group is a principal.

          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group consolidates 59 and 61 structured entities respectively, which are
          mainly asset management schemes. As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the total assets of the consolidated
          structured entities are RMB94,908 million and RMB71,870 million, respectively, and the carrying amount of interests held by
          the Group in the consolidated structured entities are RMB86,408 million and RMB69,505 million, respectively. For the year
          ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group did not provide financial support to these structured entities.


          (b) Interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group but not consolidated

          Structured entities for which the Group served as general partner or manager, therefore has power over them during the
          reporting periods are asset management schemes. Except for the structured entities that the Group has consolidated as
          set out in Note 57(a), the Group's exposure to the variable returns in the remaining structured entities in which the Group
          has interests is not significant. Besides, the Group did not provide financial support to these structured entities. The Group
          therefore did not consolidate these structured entities.

          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the total assets of these unconsolidated structured entities managed by
          the Group amounted to RMB530,502 million and RMB528,130 million, respectively. As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December
          2022, the carrying amount of interests held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities are RMB7,101 million and
          RMB9,032 million, respectively.

          During the year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, income derived from these unconsolidated structured
          entities held by the Group amounted to RMB1,576 million and RMB587 million, respectively.


          (c) Interests in structured entities sponsored by third party institutions

          The types of structured entities sponsored by third party institutions that the Group does not consolidate but in which it
          holds interests include funds, asset management schemes, trust schemes, and wealth management products issued
          by banks or other financial institutions. The nature and purpose of these structured entities are to generate fees from
          managing assets on behalf of investors. These vehicles are financed through the issue of units to investors.

          The carrying amount of the related accounts in the consolidated statements of financial position is equal to the maximum
          exposure to loss of interests held by the Group in the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by third party institutions
          as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, which are listed as below:




378
                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                 As at 31 December 2023

                                                                   Financial assets at FVTPL                                Total



Funds                                                                             60,597,720                            60,597,720

Wealth management products                                                         22,714,060                           22,714,060

Debt securities                                                                      460,035                              460,035

Total                                                                              83,771,815                            83,771,815




                                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                                   As at 31 December 2022

                                                                    Financial assets at FVTPL                                Total



Funds                                                                              43,326,657                           43,326,657

Wealth management products                                                         19,633,246                            19,633,246

Total                                                                             62,959,903                            62,959,903




58 Outstanding litigations


                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
From time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to claims and are parties to legal and regulatory
proceedings. As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, based on the court rulings and advices from legal


                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
representatives and management judgement, no provision had been made to the claim amounts except for the major
legal action as listed below. The Group is of the opinion the final court judgement will not have a significant impact on the
Group's financial position or operations.

As at 31 December 2023, the major legal action of the Group as the defendant is listed below:

During the year of 2020, the Group's subsidiary Huatai United Securities received the Notice of Legal Action and relevant
litigation materials sent by Shanghai Financial Court. The plaintiff, Postal Savings Bank of China Co., Ltd., failed to fully




                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
cash its investment in "Huatai Magnate Light Asset-backed Securities", sued to the Court to require the manager (the
first defendant), the legal adviser (the second defendant), the rating agency (the third defendant), the issuer (the fourth
defendant) and Huatai United Securities, the financial adviser (the fifth defendant), to bear joint and several liability for the
compensation for the plaintiff's investment loss of RMB527 million and relevant interest.

The Shanghai Financial Court made the judgment of the first instance on 14 April 2023 that Huatai United Securities
Company Limited shall bear joint and several liability, and on 26 April 2023 Huatai United Securities Company Limited
submitted an application for appeal, and the first instance judgment has not yet taken effect. As of 31 December 2023, the
second instance judgement has been formally filed and has not yet commenced. According to the opinion of the legal
representative and the judgment of the management, the Group has accrued provision amounted to RMB570 million for
the claim amount.




                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                      379
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          59 Related party relationships and transactions

          (a) Relationship of related parties

          (i) Major shareholders


                                                       Place of               Registered                    Percentage of         Voting
          Name of the shareholders                  registration            share capital               equity interest (%)    rights (%)


          Jiangsu Guoxin
                                                         Nanjing             RMB30 billion                             15.14         15.14
           Investment Group Limited
          Jiangsu Communications
                                                         Nanjing            RMB16.8 billion                            5.39          5.39
           Holdings Co., Ltd.




          The detailed information of the transactions and balances with Group's major shareholders and their subsidiaries is set out
          in Note 59(b)(i).

          (ii) Subsidiaries of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group's subsidiaries is set out in Note 24.

          (iii) Associates of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group's associates is set out in Note 25.

          (iv) Joint ventures of the Group

          The detailed information of the Group's joint ventures is set out in Note 26.

          (v) Other related parties

          Other related parties are individuals which include: members of the Board of Directors, the Board of Supervisors and senior
          management, and close family members of such individuals.



          (b) Related parties transactions and balances

          Other than as disclosed elsewhere in these consolidated financial statements, the Group had the following related party
          transactions and balances:

          (i) Transactions and balances between the Group and major shareholders and their subsidiaries:



                                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                                               2023                                 2022



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Right-of-use assets                                                                      -                                  482

          Other receivables and prepayments                                                       43                                   41

          Financial assets at FVTPL                                                           138,331                              53,275

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                                14,389                              52,450

          Other payables and accruals                                                           3,211                                3,211

          Short-term debt instruments issued                                                       -                               50,000

          Lease liabilities                                                                        -                                  348




380
                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                               2023                                   2022



Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                     20,769                                 15,598

Net investment gains                                                            2,162                                 2,373

Operating expense                                                              (199)                                      -




                                                                                                                                        About Us
During the year of 2023 and 2022, the Group has subscribed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounting to RMB138
million and RMB53 million, respectively.

During the year of 2023 and 2022, the Group has redeemed the bonds issued by major shareholders amounting to RMB53
million and RMB117 million, respectively.

During the year of 2023 and 2022, major shareholders and their subsidiaries have subscribed the short-term debt
instruments issued by the Group for nil and RMB50 million, respectively.

During the year of 2023 and 2022, the Group has paid rental fee to major shareholders and their subsidiaries for the total


                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
amounts of nil and RMB0.18 million, respectively.

(ii) Transactions and balances between the Group and associates:


                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                                             As at 31 December

                                                                               2023                                   2022



Balances at the end of the year:



Cash and bank balances                                                      1,244,329                              1,855,132




                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Right-of-use assets                                                            17,489                                54,416

Accounts receivable                                                            111,881                              220,638

Other receivables and prepayments                                              2,828                                  2,966

Financial assets at FVTPL                                                     50,510                                  9,875

Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                         96,223                                 27,882

Other payables and accruals                                                     1,893                                 4,056

Placements from other financial institutions                                1,000,383                               500,143

Lease liabilities                                                              19,078                                64,136




                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                               2023                                   2022




                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                     311,402                               357,350

Fee and commission expense                                                     (682)                                  (444)

Other income and gains                                                         2,600                                  3,328

Operating expense                                                             (2,302)                               (2,308)

Interest income                                                               23,979                                 10,605

Interest expenses                                                            (17,544)                               (19,683)

Net investment losses                                                           7,710                                (8,910)




                                                                                                                               381
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          During the year of 2023 and 2022 the Group has subscribed the corporate bond issued by associates for the total amounts
          of RMB51 million and nil, respectively.

          During the year of 2023 and 2022, the associates have subscribed the non-public corporate bonds issued by the Group for
          nil and RMB393 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2023 and 2022, the associates have redeemed the structured notes issued by the Group for nil and
          RMB103 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2023 and 2022, the capital injection made by the Group into the associates are RMB1,438 million and
          RMB557 million, respectively. During the year of 2023 and 2022, the divestment made by the Group from the associates are
          RMB177 million and RMB155 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2023 and 2022, the Group has made repurchase agreements with associates for the total amount of
          RMB89,406 million and RMB124,080 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2023 and 2022, the Group has taken placements from other financial institutions with associates for the
          total amount of RMB89,320 million and RMB118,050 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2023 and 2022, the Group has received dividends from associates for the total amounts of RMB1,634
          million and RMB1,513 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2023 and 2022, the Group has paid rental fee to associates for the total amounts of RMB40 million and
          RMB51 million, respectively.

          (iii) Transactions and balances between the Group and joint ventures:



                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                        2023                                      2022



          Balances at the end of the year:



          Accounts receivable                                                               -                                      7,935

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                         2,885                                      6,178




                                                                                    Year ended 31 December

                                                                                        2023                                      2022



          Transactions during the year:



          Fee and commission income                                                     8,525                                      12,371




          During the year of 2023 and 2022, the capital injection made by the Group into the joint ventures are RMB182 million and nil,
          respectively. During the year of 2023 and 2022, the divestment made by the Group from the joint ventures are RMB171 million
          and RMB10 million, respectively.

          During the year of 2023 and 2022, the Group has received dividends from joint venture for the total amounts of RMB22million
          and nil, respectively.




382
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(iv) Transactions and balances between the Group and other related parties:




                                                                              As at 31 December

                                                                               2023                                      2022



Balances at the end of the year:



Accounts payable to brokerage clients                                          5,002                                      7,725




                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                                           Year ended 31 December

                                                                               2023                                      2022



Transactions during the year:



Fee and commission income                                                         77                                       232




                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
(c) Key management personnel remuneration

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company paid pre-tax remuneration of current year to key management
personnel of the Company amounting to RMB40.07 million (During the year ended 31 December 2022: RMB42.44 million).
This amount includes those paid to the Company's directors and supervisors as disclosed in Note 16. For the year ended 31
December 2023, the post-employment benefits of the key management personnel amounted to RMB2.61 million (For the
year ended 31 December 2022, RMB2.9million).

During the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company paid accrued pre-tax remuneration which was deferred to 2023 in




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
previous years to directors, supervisors, and senior management personnel amounted to RMB12.43 million (During the year
ended 31 December 2022, RMB7.6million).


(d) Applicability of the Listing Rules relating to connected transactions

The related party transactions set out in Note 59(b) which constitute connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules are exempt from the disclosure requirements in Chapter 14A of
the Listing Rules as they are below the de minimis threshold under Rule 14A.76(1) and 14A.93.



60 Segment reporting



                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
Management manages the business operations by the following segments in accordance with the nature of the operations
and the services provided, and the performance measure of business segments utilised by the Group is profit before
income tax:




                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
- The wealth management segment engages in the trading of stocks, funds, bonds and futures on behalf of clients, to
provide customers with a variety of financial products sales services and asset allocation services. Moreover, the activities
of providing margin financing, securities lending, securities-backed lendings and sell financial products are included in this
segment.

- The institutional services segment mainly provides investment banking business to clients, research and institutional
sales, equity securities investments and transactions, fixed income investments and transactions, OTC financial products
and transactions.

- The investment management segment mainly consists of asset management, private equity investment, alternative
investments and commodities trading and arbitrage.




                                                                                                                                  383
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          - The international business segment mainly includes the overseas business of overseas subsidiaries.

          - Other segments include other operations of head office, mainly including interest income, share of profit of associates
          and joint ventures, interest expenses of working capitals, and costs and expenses of middle offices and back offices.


          (a) Business segments

          For the year ended 31 December 2023



                                                   Wealth      Institutional    Investment     International
                                              management           services    management          business         Others              Total



          Revenue

            - External                           19,338,998      10,618,400        3,040,257      10,405,808        1,823,151      45,226,614

            - Inter-segment                             539                -                               -       1,778,984         1,779,523

          Other income and gains                  3,985,258        (69,048)          318,566       2,535,500        342,500           7,112,776

          Segment revenue and other
                                                 23,324,795      10,549,352        3,358,823      12,941,308      3,944,635         54,118,913
            income

          Segment expenses                      (16,634,272)    (7,907,900)      (1,589,098)    (10,648,760)    (4,697,057)      (41,477,087)

          Segment operating profit / (loss)       6,690,523       2,641,452        1,769,725       2,292,548      (752,422)         12,641,826

          Share of profit of associates and
            joint ventures                                -            (58)          30,034          (21,713)      2,576,521        2,584,784

          Profit before income tax                6,690,523       2,641,394        1,799,759       2,270,835       1,824,099        15,226,610



          Interest income                         10,574,301       1,265,381         162,001       1,242,067       1,700,094       14,943,844

          Interest expenses                     (4,349,186)     (3,554,129)        (503,181)     (3,787,857)     (1,828,237)     (14,022,590)

          Depreciation and amortisation
                                                  (546,262)        (201,901)       (85,673)       (457,062)       (598,367)       (1,889,265)
           expenses

          Net reversal of / (provision for)
           impairment loss on financial             485,571          (9,051)           (110)        (44,423)        (21,041)          410,946
           assets



          Segment assets                        285,438,957     351,844,346       28,552,772      185,801,651   185,514,044       1,037,151,770

          Additions to non-current segment
                                                    183,050          117,929           1,823         379,242        889,528          1,571,572
           assets during the year

          Segment liabilities                 (280,739,909)    (347,319,611)     (5,705,664)   (166,977,124)    (54,192,030)    (854,934,338)




384
                                                                                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
For the year ended 31 December 2022



                                         Wealth       Institutional     Investment       International
                                    management            services     management            business         Others            Total



Revenue

  - External                           20,515,804        8,049,878          2,007,444         7,619,320     2,559,683       40,752,129

  - Inter-segment                          54,856           20,399                  -                -       4,124,449       4,199,704

Other income and gains                    2,911,901         63,379           262,984          1,794,666      1,099,748       6,132,678

Segment revenue and other


                                                                                                                                                    About Us
                                       23,482,561         8,133,656         2,270,428         9,413,986     7,783,880        51,084,511
  income

Segment expenses                      (15,063,586)      (7,434,388)        (1,210,570)      (7,521,339)   (4,932,852)     (36,162,735)

Segment operating profit / (loss)        8,418,975         699,268          1,059,858         1,892,647      2,851,028       14,921,776

Share of profit of associates and
  joint ventures                                 -          (1,898)        (1,107,804)               -      2,328,748         1,219,046

Profit before income tax                 8,418,975         697,370           (47,946)         1,892,647      5,179,776       16,140,822



Interest income                        10,632,438          1,321,495          174,479          573,067       1,245,913      13,947,392

Interest expenses                      (4,344,410)       (3,115,872)       (320,625)        (1,666,057)    (1,894,184)      (11,341,148)




                                                                                                                                                 Operating Analysis
Depreciation and amortisation
                                        (509,600)         (184,334)          (74,461)         (368,311)     (445,422)       (1,582,128)
 expenses

Net (provision for) / reversal of




                                                                                                                                                  and Strategies
 impairment loss on financial             487,614             5,734             1,008          (42,571)        33,564         485,349
 assets



Segment assets (Restated)             282,826,740       338,717,046       39,880,993        160,618,094    189,193,383    1,011,236,256

Additions to non-current segment
                                           96,156           59,622              14,381        289,896         833,314        1,293,369
 assets during the year

Segment liabilities (Restated)       (278,153,206)    (333,267,313)       (18,205,051)    (144,243,708)   (69,510,368)   (843,379,646)




                                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                   Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                 Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                           385
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Reconciliations of segment revenues, profit or loss, assets and liabilities:



                                                                                            Year ended 31 December

                                                                                                 2023                        2022



          Revenue

          Total revenue, gains and other income for segments                                 54,118,913                  51,084,511

          Elimination of inter-segment revenue                                             (1,858,492)                 (4,260,139)

          Consolidated revenue, gains and other income                                      52,260,421                  46,824,372



          Profit

          Total profit before income tax for segments                                        15,226,610                  16,140,822

          Elimination of inter-segment profit                                               (1,021,946)                 (3,912,784)

          Consolidated profit before income tax                                             14,204,664                  12,228,038




                                                                                               As at 31 December

                                                                                                 2023                       2022
                                                                                                                      (Restated)



          Assets

          Total assets for segments                                                        1,037,151,770              1,011,236,256

          Elimination of inter-segment assets                                             (131,643,381)              (164,665,266)

          Consolidated total assets                                                       905,508,389                 846,570,990



          Liabilities

          Total liabilities for segments                                                 (854,934,338)               (843,379,646)

          Elimination of inter-segment liabilities                                          131,643,381                164,665,266

          Consolidated total liabilities                                                 (723,290,957)               (678,714,380)




          For the year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Group's customer base is diversified and no customer
          had transactions which exceeded 10% of the Group's revenue.




386
      (b) Geographical information

      The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group's revenue from external customers and (ii) the Group's property and equipment, investment
      properties, goodwill, land-use rights and other intangible assets, interest in associates, interest in joint ventures and other non-current assets ("specified non-current assets"). The
      geographical location of customers is based on the location at which the services were provided. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the physical
      location of the asset, in the case of property and equipment and other non-current assets, the location of the operation to which they are allocated, in the case of goodwill, land-use
      rights and other intangible assets, and the location of operations, in the case of interest in associates and interest in joint ventures.



                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022

                                                    Mainland China                      Overseas                   Total             Mainland China                     Overseas          Total



      Revenue from external customers                    34,820,806                    10,405,808              45,226,614                  33,132,809                     7,619,320   40,752,129

      Other income and gains                              4,498,307                     2,535,500               7,033,807                   4,277,577                     1,794,666    6,072,243

      Total                                               39,319,113                    12,941,308             52,260,421                  37,410,386                     9,413,986   46,824,372




                                                                       Year ended 31 December 2023                                                      Year ended 31 December 2022

                                                    Mainland China                      Overseas                   Total             Mainland China                     Overseas          Total



      Specified non-current assets                       28,603,135                     10,054,267             38,657,402                  27,561,899                    10,139,539   37,701,438




387
                                       Financial Report and                                                        Operating Analysis
                                                                            Corporate Governance                                                               About Us                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                     Documents for Inspection                                                       and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          61 Financial instruments and risk management

          (a) Risk management policies and structure

          (i) Risk management policies

          In order to enhance the Group's scientific, standardised and effective management and operation, strengthen the
          capability of defending against risks and ensure the continuous, stable and rapid development of the Group's businesses,
          the Group had formulated the Basic System for Risk Management which had been deliberated and approved by the
          Board of Directors in accordance with the Securities Law of the People's Republic of China, the Rules on Supervision over
          Securities Companies, the Guidelines on the Internal Control of Securities Companies, the Regulation on Comprehensive
          Risk Management of Securities Companies and other relevant regulations in combination with the business operation and
          business management. This has clarified the risk management objectives and principles, the risk appetite and risk tolerance
          level of the Group as a whole and for different risk types, the risk management procedures, and the relevant resource
          assurance and appraisal mechanisms. In terms of operation management, the Group had formulated and issued various
          professional risk management guidelines to clearly establish the management processes and measures, risk indicators
          and limits for various types of risks; in addition, the Group had also formulated policies such as the Administration Measures
          for Risk Control Indicators, the Rules on the Risk Management of Subsidiaries, the Implementation Plan for Stress Test and the
          Detailed Implementation Rules for Stress Test at the operation level. In the specific business level, the Group had established
          business risk management system or risk management manual based on the risk points of different business areas and
          business management lines.

          The principal types of risk faced by the Group in daily operation mainly include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk,
          operational risk, information technology risk, reputational risk, model risk and compliance risk, legal risk, money laundering
          risk, integrity risk , etc. The Group had formulated corresponding policies and procedures to identify and analyse these risks,
          and set up risk indicators, risk limits and internal risk control processes in combination with the actual circumstances with a
          view to continuously manage the above risks through the support of information systems and effective mechanisms.

          Risk management is a shared responsibility of all the Group's employees. The Group continuously enhances the risk
          management awareness and risk sensitivity of all its employees through training and assessment to cultivate the risk
          management culture.

          (ii) Risk governance structure

          The risk management structure of the Company covers five major parts: The Board and its Compliance and Risk
          Management Committee, Board of Supervisors, Business Operation Management and Risk Control Committee, Risk
          Management Department and various professional risk management departments as well as other departments, branches
          and subsidiaries.

          The Board of Directors takes ultimate responsibilities for the Company's comprehensive risk management. The Compliance
          and Risk Management Committee is set up by the Board to review and make recommendations on the overall risk
          management targets, fundamental policies and risk assessment reports; and evaluate and make recommendations
          on the risks of major decisions which require the Board's review as well as the solutions to these major risks. The Board
          of Supervisors is responsible for the supervision of overall risk management, supervising and examining the Board and
          the management on the performance of their risk management duties and urging them to make rectifications. Based
          on the authorisation and approval of the Board and in combination with the operational targets of the Company, the
          management is specifically responsible for the implementation of risk management activities, with the Risk Control
          Committee established under it. The Chief Risk Officer of the Company is responsible for leading the overall risk
          management initiatives. The Risk Management Department is charged with comprehensive risk management duties. It
          reports to the management and is responsible for managing the overall risks of the Company, taking the lead in managing
          market risk, credit risk and operational risk. Relevant functional departments of the Company are responsible for taking
          the lead in managing other types of risks according to their responsibilities and positioning. Other departments, branches
          and subsidiaries of the Company are responsible for the management of risks in respective lines, implementing policies,
          procedures and measures formulated by the Company and risk management departments, accepting the guidance from
          risk management departments and the decomposition of risk management and implementation responsibilities by the
          risk management departments. The Audit Department is responsible for the review and evaluation of the effectiveness
          and implementation of the risk management procedures of the Company and taking the lead in evaluating the overall risk
          management system of the Company.




388
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(b) Credit risk management
Credit risk refers to the risk of loss of the Company resulting from the default of borrowers or bond issuer or counterparty
(customer). The Company has established a credit risk management system covering self-owned capital and entrusted
funding business. The system is applied to all subsidiaries domestic or overseas, and also to the sub-subsidiaries managed
with reference to the subsidiary's management approach, thereby achieving full credit risk management coverage.

The Group mainly faced three types of credit risks, namely (i) the risks of suffering from loss in respect of the financing
bills and interest lent out due to borrower's default in financing business; (ii) the risks caused by default of the issuer in
bond investment business; (iii) the risks of assets suffering from loss due to the default by the counterparty in transaction
business (including guarantee settlement business).


                                                                                                                                          About Us
With respect to credit risk management of financing business, the Group implemented stringent control measures through
continuous monitoring for risky customers and risky assets and timely risk mitigation. The Company intensified the dynamic
counter-cyclical adjustment mechanism, established a market systemic risk monitoring and handling mechanism and
strengthened the post-credit management of related businesses, in order to control routine business risks, prevent bottom-
line risks and flexibly adjust the business structure.

With respect to credit risk management of issuers, the Company established a unified monitoring management system
for issuers to realize the unified monitoring of credit bond targets for the Company's various businesses. In the meantime,
the Company deepened the credit bonds' risk management and control in the whole process, established a screening and



                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
disposal mechanism of normalization for risky securities, and continuously to strengthen the monitoring and early warning
mechanism of bond positions, thereby enhancing the effectiveness of the Company's prevention and control capabilities



                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
of credit risk.

With respect to credit risk management of counterparties, the Company constantly promoted the optimization construction
of the unified management system for counterparties, and further strengthened counterparties' credit management in
accordance with internal and external public sentiment to strictly control tail risks. For guaranteed settlement business,
the Company continued to improve the front-end control of risk indicator design and promoted the establishment of
systematic measures, as well as strengthened its risk event handling and risk transmission control capabilities.

The Company continued to optimize and improve its unified credit risk management system, in order to enhance its ability




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
to cope with the complex external credit environment and provide strong risk control guarantee for the development of
various credit businesses. During the reporting period, the Company did not experience any major credit risk events, and its
businesses operated smoothly.

The Group provided credit loss allowances for securities-backed lendings of financial assets sold under repurchase
agreements. The Group assessed the continuous repayment, solvency and the collateral to loan ratios of the borrowers to
analyse the degree of default risk and identified the three stages of credit loss allowances of the securities-backed lendings
assets. The details are as below:




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 389
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                              Description                                                     Stage of credit loss allowances



          Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds,
                                                                                                      12-month ECL                              Stage 1
           with no past due days

          Collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds,
           with less than 90 days past due on its contractual payments

          Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds
                                                                                             Lifetime ECL-not credit impaired                   Stage 2
           but above 100%, with no past due days

          Collateral to loan ratios below the force liquidation thresholds but above 100%,
           with less than 90 days past due on its contractual payments

          Collateral to loan ratios below 100%

          Collateral to loan ratios above 100%, with more than 90 days
           past due on its contractual payments
                                                                                              Lifetime ECL- credit impaired                     Stage 3
          Borrowers in default or lawsuit

          Borrowers in significant financial difficulties or about to
            bankruptcy or undertaking a financial restructuring




          The Group set different force liquidation thresholds, normally no less than 130%, for different borrowers and assets.

          For assets classified under Stage 1 and 2, the Group assessed credit loss allowances using the risk parameters modeling
          approach that incorporated key parameters inclusive of collateral to loan ratios and past due days. As at 31 December
          2023, the average credit loss rate was 0.35% assets classified under Stage 1 and no asset under Stage 2 (As at 31 December
          2022, the average credit loss rate was 0.42% assets classified under Stage 1 and no asset under Stage 2).

          For credit impaired assets classified under Stage 3, the Group assessed credit loss allowances taking into account
          the collateral securities under each contract and the financial situation of the borrower. The factors which the Group
          considered when assessing the credit loss allowances included but not limited to: the industry sector of the borrower, the
          stock price of the collateral securities, the average daily trading volume of the stock, the percentage of goodwill of the
          stock issuer, significant risk parameters of the securities, whether the borrowers are the holding shareholders, the liquidity
          and restriction on sales, the history of blacklist or defaults of the borrower, the total market pledged ratios of the stock, the
          collateral situation, and the credit enhancement measures implemented by the borrower. The Group assessed the above
          factors as well as collateral to loan ratios and past due days to evaluate and provide credit loss allowances, ranging from
          10% to 100%.

          For margin accounts receivable, the Group classified the exposures into three stages, considering the collateral coverage
          ratios as the main indicator, the concentration of positions as the supplementary index, and taking into account the
          borrowers' continuous repayment, the total balance of margin accounts, the liquidity of the collateral and other relevant
          information. The Group applied corresponding loss rates for assets at different stages, and calculates the expected credit
          loss accordingly.

          As at 31 December 2023, the average credit loss rate was 0.55%, 7.53% and 58.30% for assets classified under Stage 1, 2 and
          3, respectively (As at 31 December 2022, the average credit loss rate was 0.71%, 7.93% and 100% for assets classified under
          Stage 1, 2 and 3, respectively).

          For credit business, when calculating the expected credit loss, the Group identified a number of indicators from three
          dimensions: macroeconomic indicators, market environment and asset quality, taking into account forward-looking
          information that can be obtained without unnecessary additional costs or efforts. By constructing the relationship between
          these specific indicators and the loss rate, forward-looking adjustments were made to the expected credit loss of credit
          business.




390
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                    Stage 2             Stage 3
                                          Stage 1             Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL
Margin accounts receivable               12m ECL     (not credit impaired)    (credit impaired)    Total ECL



As at 1 January, 2023                     653,660                  745,959              126,737    1,526,356

Changes in the expected credit losses:

— Transfer to Stage 1                      63,835                 (63,835)                    -            -

— Transfer to Stage 2                           -                         -                   -            -

— Transfer to Stage 3                        (55)                         -                  55            -

— Charged (credit) to profit or loss     (157,293)                  160,585              (9,617)     (6,325)




                                                                                                                         About Us
— Other                                        56                       387                 873         1,316

As at 31 December 2023                    560,203                  843,096              118,048     1,521,347




                                                                    Stage 2             Stage 3
Financial assets held under               Stage 1             Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL
resale agreements                        12m ECL     (not credit impaired)    (credit impaired)    Total ECL



As at 1 January, 2023                       28,128                        -            1,110,285    1,138,413




                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
Changes in the expected credit losses:

— Transfer to Stage 1                           -                         -                   -            -

— Transfer to Stage 2                           -                         -                   -            -




                                                                                                                       and Strategies
— Transfer to Stage 3                           -                         -                   -            -

— Charged (credit) to profit or loss      (10,160)                        -           (475,641)    (485,801)

— Other                                         6                         -                 508          514

As at 31 December 2023                      17,974                        -             635,152      653,126




                                                                    Stage 2             Stage 3
Debt instruments at fair value through    Stage 1             Lifetime ECL         Lifetime ECL




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
other comprehensive income               12m ECL     (not credit impaired)    (credit impaired)    Total ECL



As at 1 January, 2023                      30,455                         -                   -       30,455

Changes in the expected credit losses:

— Transfer to Stage 1                           -                         -                   -            -

— Transfer to Stage 2                           -                         -                   -            -

— Transfer to Stage 3                           -                         -                   -            -

— Charged (credit) to profit or loss        11,753                        -                   -        11,753

— Other                                    (3,186)                        -                   -      (3,186)

As at 31 December 2023                     39,022                         -                   -       39,022




                                                                                                                        Financial Report and



                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                391
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (i) Maximum exposure to credit risk

          Maximum exposure to credit risk of the Group without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements:



                                                                                                            As at 31 December

                                                                                                              2023                              2022



          Debt instruments at amortised cost                                                              50,116,812                      48,552,570

          Refundable deposits                                                                           40,544,278                         42,706,777

          Accounts receivable                                                                             9,743,761                         7,804,341

          Other receivables                                                                                403,399                            631,698

          Margin accounts receivable                                                                    112,341,094                       100,648,375

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                                                         16,262,000                        10,504,379
           comprehensive income

          Financial assets held under resale agreements                                                  12,460,232                        34,824,221

          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                      199,732,670                           180,211,265

          Derivative financial assets                                                                    16,259,881                         15,788,301

          Clearing settlement funds                                                                       9,129,266                         8,716,506

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                                                      137,210,295                       140,460,346

          Bank balances                                                                                  46,296,177                        45,180,542

          Total maximum credit risk exposure                                                       650,499,865                            636,029,321




          The Group's credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognised as follows according to
          the stage of ECL:



                                                                                           As at 31 December 2023

                                                                                        Lifetime ECL-                    Lifetime ECL-
          Impairment and loss allowance                           12-month ECL    not credit impaired                  credit impaired         Total



          Bank balances                                                    512                      -                                -            512

          Margin accounts receivable                                   560,203               843,096                            118,048     1,521,347

          Financial assets held under resale
            agreements                                                   17,974                     -                           635,152      653,126

          Accounts receivable                                                -                115,458                                -        115,458

          Debt instruments at amortised cost                             5,499                      -                                -         5,499

          Debt instruments at fair value through
           other comprehensive income                                   39,022                      -                                -        39,022

          Other receivables and interest
           receivable                                                      393                 47,358                           715,714      763,465

          Total                                                        623,603               1,005,912                        1,468,914    3,098,429




392
                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                  As at 31 December 2022

                                                                               Lifetime ECL-               Lifetime ECL-
Impairment and loss allowance                   12-month ECL            not credit impaired             credit impaired              Total



Bank balances                                            833                               -                              -            833

Margin accounts receivable                           653,660                        745,959                          126,737      1,526,356

Financial assets held under resale
  agreements                                           28,128                              -                       1,110,285       1,138,413

Accounts receivable                                        -                           66,131                         2,400          68,531

Debt instruments at amortised cost                      5,132                              -                              -           5,132




                                                                                                                                                        About Us
Debt instruments at fair value through
 other comprehensive income                           30,455                               -                              -         30,455

Other receivables and interest
 receivable                                             1,224                         25,062                       775,627          801,913

Total                                                 719,432                        837,152                    2,015,049         3,571,633




(ii) Risk concentrations

The Group's maximum credit risk exposure without taking account of any collateral and other credit enhancements, as



                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
categorised by geographical area:




                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
                                                                                      By geographical area

                                                         Mainland China                   Outside Mainland China                     Total



31 December 2023



Debt instruments at amortised cost                              49,866,999                                 249,813               50,116,812

Refundable deposits                                              31,882,359                             8,661,919               40,544,278

Accounts receivable                                               5,447,675                            4,296,086                  9,743,761




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
Other receivables                                                  300,952                                 102,447                 403,399

Margin accounts receivable                                      109,994,638                            2,346,456                112,341,094

Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                  12,414,774                            3,847,226               16,262,000
 comprehensive income

Financial assets held under resale
                                                                 10,787,973                             1,672,259                12,460,232
  agreements

Financial assets at fair value through profit
                                                                 169,171,262                           30,561,408               199,732,670
  or loss

Derivative financial assets                                       7,966,431                            8,293,450                 16,259,881

Clearing settlement funds                                          6,611,930                            2,517,336                 9,129,266

Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                        134,879,413                             2,330,882               137,210,295

Bank balances                                                    29,829,183                            16,466,994                46,296,177




                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
Total maximum credit risk exposure                              569,153,589                            81,346,276              650,499,865




                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                               393
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                    By geographical area

                                                              Mainland China           Outside Mainland China                          Total



          31 December 2022



          Debt instruments at amortised cost                       48,304,074                          248,496                    48,552,570

          Refundable deposits                                      34,006,658                         8,700,119                    42,706,777

          Accounts receivable                                       4,960,874                        2,843,467                      7,804,341

          Other receivables                                           605,104                              26,594                    631,698

          Margin accounts receivable                               98,360,567                        2,287,808                    100,648,375

          Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                    7,697,220                         2,807,159                    10,504,379
           comprehensive income

          Financial assets held under resale
                                                                   32,896,763                         1,927,458                    34,824,221
            agreements

          Financial assets at fair value through profit
                                                                  147,624,388                       32,586,877                     180,211,265
            or loss

          Derivative financial assets                                 11,113,139                      4,675,162                    15,788,301

          Clearing settlement funds                                  8,364,161                         352,345                      8,716,506

          Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                 137,729,943                       2,730,403                   140,460,346

          Bank balances                                            30,087,099                        15,093,443                    45,180,542

          Total maximum credit risk exposure                      561,749,990                        74,279,331                   636,029,321




          (c) Liquidity risk management

          Liquidity risk refers to the risk of the Group not being able to obtain sufficient funds at a reasonable cost in time to meet
          due debts, perform payment obligations and meet the capital requirements of normal businesses. The Group established
          a fully functional liquidity risk management system to identify, measure, monitor, control and report on its overall liquidity
          risk to improve the information of liquidity risk management, enhance the capabilities in the identification, measurement
          and monitoring of liquidity risk, and strengthen the Group ability in addressing liquidity risk. In addition, the Group also
          established a right-sized liquidity assets reserves based on the risk appetite and maintained sufficient liquidity assets with
          high quality to ensure the satisfaction of liquidity needs under stressful scenarios in a timely manner.

          The following tables show the details of the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
          Group's non-derivative financial liabilities and derivate financial liabilities. Analysis of non-derivative financial liabilities
          are based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest payments computed using contractual rates or, if
          floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:




394
                                                                                                                         As at 31 December 2023

                                                                            Overdue/                       More than 1          More than 3        More than 1
                                                            Carrying     repayable on      Less than    month but less       months but less      year but less    More than
      Financial Liabilities                                 amount           demand          1 month    than 3 months            than 1 year      than 5 years       5 years      Undated        Total



      Short-term bank loans                                 11,478,573              -      7,490,289          4,018,259                 7,226                 -              -          -     11,515,774

      Short-term debt instruments issued                   25,475,507               -       3,374,114         8,108,499             14,717,440                -              -          -   26,200,053

      Placements from other financial institutions         39,536,527               -     34,236,630         2,559,335               2,788,710                -              -          -   39,584,675

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                144,701,360     144,701,360             -                 -                      -                 -              -          -   144,701,360

      Other payables and accruals                          113,825,742     110,539,646      1,635,576           102,104               429,774          1,164,412       85,632           -    113,957,144

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                           144,056,149              -     126,317,070        13,977,152              3,486,110        2,646,542              -          -   146,426,874
        agreements

      Derivative financial liabilities                      16,881,641              -      9,493,502         5,738,758               1,300,092         335,246         14,043           -     16,881,641

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                            52,671,166      18,167,058      3,274,374        2,928,070               9,537,915       16,652,468     2,495,190           -   53,055,075
        or loss

      Long-term bonds                                      159,816,001              -      4,920,750          1,085,281             43,152,379      105,349,249      11,717,160         -   166,224,819

      Long-term bank loans                                    647,052               -              -            10,640                  31,919         733,686               -          -      776,245

      Total                                                709,089,718    273,408,064     190,742,305       38,528,098             75,451,565       126,881,603     14,312,025          -   719,323,660




395
                                           Financial Report and                                                           Operating Analysis
                                                                                 Corporate Governance                                                              About Us                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                          and Strategies
396



                                                                                                                           As at 31 December 2022

                                                                             Overdue/                        More than 1           More than 3        More than 1
                                                            Carrying      repayable on     Less than      month but less        months but less      year but less     More than
                                                                                                                                                                                                              HUATAI SECURITIES

      Financial Liabilities                                 amount            demand         1 month      than 3 months             than 1 year      than 5 years        5 years     Undated        Total



      Short-term bank loans                                  7,997,434                -      4,495,571          2,125,582              1,429,795                  -             -          -    8,050,948

      Short-term debt instruments issued                   25,772,604                 -     8,024,227           8,236,474             9,803,689                   -             -          -   26,064,390

      Placements from other financial institutions          25,877,713                -    24,906,654            988,475                        -                 -             -          -    25,895,129

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                152,551,723       152,551,723             -                  -                       -                 -             -          -    152,551,723

      Other payables and accruals                          108,427,946      105,475,895       1,115,945            94,614                361,324           1,362,011        71,140         -   108,480,929

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
        agreements                                          144,117,998               -    118,041,048         13,726,885             10,090,026         2,579,582              -          -    144,437,541

      Derivative financial liabilities                       9,638,125                -     2,064,342           4,314,468              2,731,465           527,850              -          -     9,638,125

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                           48,575,559          8,114,408     4,827,141          4,627,252              8,470,564         19,732,533      2,951,340         -    48,723,238
        or loss

      Long-term bonds                                      139,419,338                -       555,178           11,495,224              21,135,114      107,619,247     9,448,480          -   150,253,243

      Long-term bank loans                                    804,903                 -              -              6,486                 19,457            857,711             -          -      883,654

      Total                                                663,183,343      266,142,026    164,030,106         45,615,460             54,041,434       132,678,934      12,470,960         -   674,978,920
                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(d) Market risk management

Market risk refers to the risk resulting from the movements in market prices such as exchange rates, interest rates and stock
prices, which could have an impact on the income of the Group or the value of financial instruments held by the Group.
The objective of market risk management is to manage and control the market risk within the acceptable range and to
maximise the risk adjusted return.

(i) Interest rate risk

Interest rate risk refers to the risk that movements in market interest rate will cause fluctuation in the Group's consolidated
financial position and cash flow. The Group's interest-bearing assets mainly include bank balances, clearing settlement


                                                                                                                                             About Us
funds, margin accounts receivable, financial assets purchased under resale agreements, refundable deposits and
bond investments; interest-bearing liabilities mainly include short-term bank loans, short-term debt instruments issued,
placements from other financial institutions, financial assets sold under repurchase agreements, accounts payable to
brokerage clients, long-term bonds and long-term bank loans, amongst others.

For financial instruments held on the reporting date that expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk, the Group adopts
sensitivity analysis as the primary instrument for monitoring interest rate risk. Sensitivity analysis measures the effect of any
reasonable and potential changes to the interest rate on the net profits and shareholders' equity under the assumption
that all the other variables remain constant.



                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                           and Strategies




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                    397
398



      The following tables indicate the assets and liabilities as at the end of the reporting period by the expected next repricing dates or by maturity dates, depending on which is earlier:
                                                                                                                                                                                                              HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                                                                                              As at 31 December 2023

                                                              Less than          More than 1 month    More than 3 months            More than 1 year   More than     Non-interest
      Financial assets                                          1 month     but less than 3 months    but less than 1 year     but less than 5 years     5 years         bearing                     Total



      Investment in a joint venture at fair value through
                                                                       -                         -                       -                         -           -          380,612                  380,612
        profit or loss

      Debt instruments at amortised cost                          19,997                   330,129                4,272,515               17,004,533   27,915,484         574,154                50,116,812

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                  66,381                   276,085                  704,011               12,434,424    2,546,873         234,226            16,262,000
      comprehensive income

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                                       -                         -                       -                         -           -          124,506                  124,506
        comprehensive income

      Financial assets held under resale agreements             7,678,941                  914,662                3,716,892                  128,762           -           20,975            12,460,232

      Refundable deposits                                      2,726,297                         -                       -                         -           -        37,817,981           40,544,278

      Accounts receivable                                              -                         -                       -                         -           -         9,743,761               9,743,761

      Other receivables                                                -                         -                       -                         -           -          403,399                 403,399

      Margin accounts receivable                              34,688,633                 19,190,616              53,851,817                        -           -         4,610,028           112,341,094

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss    8,006,000                 11,967,448              58,371,182               67,122,640   49,493,564      218,118,550          413,079,384

      Derivative financial assets                                945,881                         -                       -                         -           -        15,314,000               16,259,881

      Clearing settlement funds                                 9,129,266                        -                       -                         -           -                -                9,129,266

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                137,161,030                        -                       -                         -           -           49,265            137,210,295

      Cash and bank balances                                   41,190,662                 1,853,683              3,158,240                         -           -            93,781           46,296,366

      Total                                                   241,613,088               34,532,623             124,074,657               96,690,359    79,955,921     287,485,238           864,351,886
                                                                                                                                   As at 31 December 2023

                                                                 Less than          More than 1 month     More than 3 months             More than 1 year   More than             Non-interest
      Financial liabilities                                        1 month     but less than 3 months     but less than 1 year      but less than 5 years     5 years                 bearing             Total



      Short-term bank loans                                     (7,406,019)                (3,964,154)                 (7,087)                          -             -                (101,313)    (11,478,573)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                         (3,311,150)                (7,811,521)            (14,263,031)                         -             -               (89,805)     (25,475,507)

      Placements from other financial institutions             (34,219,619)                (2,549,218)              (2,740,314)                         -             -               (27,376)     (39,536,527)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                   (144,695,879)                          -                       -                          -             -                 (5,481)    (144,701,360)

      Other payables and accruals                                   (41,872)                 (96,955)                (402,053)                 (855,249)        (72,031)          (112,357,582)    (113,825,742)

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                               (123,923,219)              (13,897,025)             (3,373,685)                (2,441,046)             -               (421,174)    (144,056,149)
        agreements

      Derivative financial liabilities                              (89,473)                         -                       -                          -             -            (16,792,168)      (16,881,641)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                               (17,750,530)               (2,928,070)               (9,333,168)              (16,473,306)             -             (6,186,092)     (52,671,166)
        or loss

      Long-term bonds                                            (4,158,100)                (342,743)             (39,774,430)              (101,878,290)   (11,300,000)            (2,362,438)    (159,816,001)

      Long-term bank loans                                                -                          -                       -                  (647,052)             -                       -       (647,052)

      Total                                                   (335,595,861)               (31,589,686)            (69,893,768)              (122,294,943)   (11,372,031)          (138,343,429)    (709,089,718)

      Net interest rate risk exposure                          (93,982,773)                 2,942,937               54,180,889              (25,604,584)    68,583,890              149,141,809      155,262,168




399
                                           Financial Report and                                                                   Operating Analysis
                                                                               Corporate Governance                                                                    About Us                          ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                                  and Strategies
400



                                                                                                                                  As at 31 December 2022

                                                               Less than          More than 1 month     More than 3 months               More than 1 year   More than     Non-interest
      Financial assets                                           1 month     but less than 3 months      but less than 1 year       but less than 5 years     5 years         bearing             Total
                                                                                                                                                                                                           HUATAI SECURITIES




      Investment in a joint venture at fair value through
                                                                        -                          -                         -                          -            -         741,464          741,464
        profit or loss

      Debt instruments at amortised cost                                -                  2,539,755                 9,164,018                 15,342,932   20,306,747          1,199,118    48,552,570

      Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                  941,395                   706,702                   1,134,061                 6,826,953      657,568         237,700       10,504,379
       comprehensive income

      Equity instruments at fair value through other
                                                                        -                          -                         -                          -            -          241,587         241,587
        comprehensive income

      Financial assets held under resale agreements            28,763,564                    525,128                 5,501,417                          -            -            34,112      34,824,221

      Refundable deposits                                       3,750,986                          -                         -                          -            -       38,955,791      42,706,777

      Accounts receivable                                               -                          -                         -                          -            -        7,804,341        7,804,341

      Other receivables                                                 -                          -                         -                          -            -         631,698          631,698

      Margin accounts receivable                                 8,461,214                25,715,434               61,974,095                           -            -       4,497,632      100,648,375

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss     2,263,844                 8,204,952                50,238,616                  69,299,438    47,030,215     173,767,480     350,804,545

      Derivative financial assets                                1,199,078                         -                         -                          -            -       14,589,223       15,788,301

      Clearing settlement funds                                 8,716,492                          -                         -                          -            -                14       8,716,506

      Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                 140,221,777                         -                         -                          -            -         238,569      140,460,346

      Cash and bank balances                                   40,672,383                   2,179,170               2,250,000                           -            -           79,192      45,180,745

      Total                                                   234,990,733                  39,871,141             130,262,207                  91,469,323   67,994,530      243,017,921     807,605,855
                                                                                                                                     As at 31 December 2022

                                                                 Less than           More than 1 month    More than 3 months                More than 1 year     More than            Non-interest
      Financial liabilities                                        1 month      but less than 3 months     but less than 1 year        but less than 5 years       5 years                bearing             Total



      Short-term bank loans                                     (4,465,950)                 (2,089,663)              (1,393,108)                            -             -                 (48,713)     (7,997,434)

      Short-term debt instruments issued                        (8,023,902)                 (8,125,329)              (9,467,421)                            -             -               (155,952)    (25,772,604)

      Placements from other financial institutions              (24,887,159)                 (975,044)                         -                            -             -                 (15,510)    (25,877,713)

      Accounts payable to brokerage clients                    (152,541,660)                         -                         -                            -             -                (10,063)    (152,551,723)

      Other payables and accruals                                    (47,758)                  (93,231)               (351,653)                     (955,201)       (70,743)          (106,909,360)    (108,427,946)

      Financial assets sold under repurchase
                                                                (117,918,819)              (13,675,780)             (9,890,890)                   (2,439,210)             -               (193,299)     (144,117,998)
        agreements

      Derivative financial liabilities                              (237,263)                        -                         -                            -             -             (9,400,862)      (9,638,125)

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                                                                (11,254,242)                (4,627,252)            (10,393,026)                   (17,170,404)            -             (5,130,635)    (48,575,559)
        or loss

      Long-term bonds                                                 (6,978)              (10,785,840)              (17,814,179)               (101,657,640)    (7,200,000)             (1,954,701)   (139,419,338)

      Long-term bank loans                                                 -                         -                         -                   (804,903)              -                       -       (804,903)

      Total                                                    (319,383,731)               (40,372,139)             (49,310,277)                (123,027,358)    (7,270,743)           (123,819,095)   (663,183,343)

      Net interest rate risk exposure                          (84,392,998)                  (500,998)               80,951,930                  (31,558,035)    60,723,787              119,198,825      144,422,511




401
                                           Financial Report and                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                                                Corporate Governance                                                                       About Us                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                         Documents for Inspection                                                                    and Strategies
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          For those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end of the
          reporting period, the Group adopts sensitivity analysis to measure the potential effect of changes in interest rates on the
          Group's net profit and equity. Assuming all other variables remain constant and without taking into consideration of the
          management's activities to reduce interest rate risk, interest rate sensitivity analysis is as follows:



                                                                                        Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                          As at 31 December

          Move in yield curve                                                                 2023                                 2022



          Up 100 basis points                                                           (3,983,526)                           (2,606,204)

          Down 100 basis points                                                           4,623,149                             2,991,994




                                                                                        Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                          As at 31 December

          Move in yield curve                                                                 2023                                 2022



          Up 100 basis points                                                            (4,147,742)                          (2,732,825)

          Down 100 basis points                                                           4,792,250                             3,123,950




          The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group's net profit and equity that would arise
          assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end of the reporting period and had been applied to re-
          measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to fair value interest rate risk at the end
          of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating rate non-derivative
          instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on the Group's net profit and equity is
          estimated as an annualised impact on interest expense or income of such a change in interest rates.

          (ii) Currency risk

          Currency risk is the risk arising from foreign exchange business of the Group, which is attributable to the fluctuation of
          foreign exchange rates. Apart from the assets and liabilities held by the Group's overseas subsidiaries which use Hong
          Kong dollars or U.S. dollars as their functional currency, other assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies
          mainly represent foreign currency cash and bank balances held by domestic enterprises, foreign currency financial assets
          and liabilities arising from cross-border business, as well as foreign currency financial assets acquired by subsidiaries. In
          respect of assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies such as cash and bank balances, clearing settlement
          funds, refundable deposits, accounts receivable, cash held on behalf of brokerage clients, accounts payable and long-
          term bonds that are not accounted for with their functional currency, the Group has ensured that their net risk exposure are
          maintained at an acceptable level by buying or selling foreign currencies at market exchange rates where necessary to
          address the short-term imbalances.




402
                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
Assuming all other risk variables remained constant and without consideration of risk management measures undertaken
by the Group, a 10% strengthening of the RMB against USD and HKD at the reporting date would have increased / (decreased)
the Group's equity and net profit by the amount shown below, whose effect is in RMB and translated using the spot rate at
the reporting date:



                                                                           Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                             As at 31 December

Currency                                                                          2023                                   2022




                                                                                                                                            About Us
USD                                                                          (723,668)                                (835,159)

HKD                                                                         (1,591,456)                              (1,483,611)




                                                                           Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                             As at 31 December

Currency                                                                          2023                                   2022



USD                                                                          (723,668)                                (835,159)



                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
HKD                                                                        (3,276,332)                              (2,964,476)




                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
A 10% weakening of the RMB against the USD and HKD at balance date would have had the equal but opposite effect on
them to the amounts shown above, on the basis that all other variables remained constant.

Due to the above assumptions, the result of sensitivity analysis on exchange rate changes may be different, compared with
the actual changes in the Group's net profit and equity of may arise with this.

(iii) Price risks




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
The Group is exposed to equity price changes arising from equity investments concluded in financial instruments at
fair value through profit or loss and financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income. Price risk the
Group facing is mainly the proportionate fluctuation in the Group's net profits due to the price fluctuation of the financial
instruments at fair value through profit or loss and the proportionate fluctuation in the Group's equity due to the price
fluctuation of the financial instruments measured at fair value.

Sensitivity analysis

The analysis below is performed to show the impact on Group's net profit and equity due to change in the prices of equity
securities by 10% with all other variables held constant.




                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                   403
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                     Sensitivity of net profit

                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2023                                      2022



          Increase by 10%                                                              7,169,444                                 6,004,806

          Decrease by 10%                                                            (7,169,444)                                (6,004,806)




                                                                                     Sensitivity of net equity

                                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                                           2023                                      2022



          Increase by 10%                                                              7,178,930                                  6,024,232

          Decrease by 10%                                                            (7,178,930)                                (6,024,232)




          The sensitivity analysis indicates the instantaneous change in the Group's net profit and equity that would arise assuming
          that the changes in the stock market index or other relevant risk variables had occurred at the end of the reporting period
          and had been applied to re-measure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to equity
          price risk at the end of the reporting period. It is also assumed that the fair values of the Group's equity investments would
          change in accordance with the historical correlation with the relevant stock market index or the relevant risk variables, and
          that all other variables remain constant. The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2023 and 2022.


          (e) Operational risk management

          Operational risk refers to the risk on the Company's losses caused by inadequate or problematic internal procedures, staff,
          system or external events, which lead to inefficient internal procedures, mistakes of staff in operation or failure to strictly
          enforce the established procedures. The Risk Management Department takes the lead in managing the operational risk of
          the Group. Each department, business department and subsidiary actively perform the operational risk management in
          their respective lines and are responsible for the management effect, and bear the first responsibility. The Company adopts
          technological measures to prevent the emergence of operational risks in different business and management procedures
          as well as key segments, whilst at the same time strengthens process controls, to ensure effective implementation of
          operational risk management policies and systems. The Group carries out self-assessment of risk and control, monitoring
          of key risk indicators and gathering of loss data as additional approaches to strengthen the management of operational
          risks.

          Based on the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control jointly issued by the Ministry of Finance, the CSRC, the National
          Audit Office and the Former China Banking and Insurance Regulatory Commission as well as its supporting guidelines and
          the relevant requirements of the regulatory authorities and the Company, the Group has developed the risk-based internal
          control standards and carried out relevant continuous improvement initiatives. It has combined the self-assessment of
          operational risk with the self-assessment of internal controls; comprehensively sorted out and evaluated the inherent
          risks and control activities in various business processes; tested the effectiveness of control design and implementation;
          rectified the internal control weaknesses; comprehensively sorted out and optimised various business segments, systems
          and processes of the Group; whilst at the same time supplemented and improved the risk control matrix and internal
          control manual; recorded the risk points, key control activities and major business flow charts in order to ensure that the
          Group internal control measures are properly in place and the effectiveness of risk management. In addition, the Group has
          also integrated the management of operational risk and internal controls into daily operation; participated in the design
          of system, procedures and plan for new business throughout the entire process; fully identified and comprehensively
          evaluated the operational risks; and performed various pre-, middle- and post management measures such as setting
          up front-end controls, standardising business processes, creating risk-discovery indicators and conducting training and
          inspection in order to implement internal controls at key risk points.




404
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(f) Capital management

The Group's objectives of capital management are:

(i) To safeguard the Group's ability to continue as a going concern so that they can continue to provide returns for
shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders;

(ii) To support the Group's stability and growth;

(iii) To maintain a strong capital base to support the development of their business; and

(iv) To comply with the capital requirements under the PRC, Hong Kong and the United States regulations.


                                                                                                                                                About Us
On 23 January 2020 and 16 June 2020, the revised Rules on Standards for the Calculation of Risk Control Indicators of
Securities Companies and the revised Administrative Measures for Risk Control Indicators of Securities Companies were
issued by the CSRC ("Revised Administrative Measures"). The Company is required to meet the following standards for risk
control indicators on a continual basis from 1 June 2020:

(i) The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its various risk capital provisions shall be no less than 100%;

(ii) The ratio of net capital divided by net assets shall be no less than 20%;

(iii) The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities shall be no less than 8% ;


                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
(iv) The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities shall be no less than 10%;




                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
(v) The ratio of the value of equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 100% ;

(vi) The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and derivatives held divided by net capital shall not exceed 500%;

(vii) The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance sheet and off balance sheet assets shall be no less than 8%;

(viii) The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by net cash outflows for the next 30 days shall be no less than 100%;

(ix) The ratio of available stable funds divided by required stable funds shall be no less than 100%; and




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
(x) The ratio of margin financing (including securities lending) divided by net capital shall not exceed 400%.

Net capital refers to net assets minus risk adjustments on certain types of assets as defined in the Administrative Measures.

As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, the Company maintained net capital and the above ratios as follows:



                                                                                   Year ended 31 December

                                                                                       2023                                    2022
                                                                                                                         (restated)



Net Capital                                                                        94,076,764                             92,975,959

The ratio of net capital divided by the sum of its
                                                                                     247.80%                                 240.14%




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
  various risk capital provisions

The ratio of net capital divided by net assets                                        60.67%                                 64.73%

The ratio of net capital divided by liabilities                                        22.15%                                 23.14%




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
The ratio of net assets divided by liabilities                                        36.51%                                 35.76%

The ratio of the value of equity securities and
                                                                                      28.58%                                 45.73%
  derivatives held divided by net capital

The ratio of the value of non-equity securities and
                                                                                     366.74%                                316.80%
  derivatives held divided by net capital

The ratio of core net capital divided by on balance
                                                                                       13.98%                                 14.10%
  sheet and off balance sheet assets

The ratio of high quality liquidity assets divided by
                                                                                      152.51%                                166.57%
  net cash outflows for the next 30 days

The ratio of available stable funds divided by
                                                                                     130.84%                                 129.33%
  required stable funds

The ratio of margin financing (including securities
                                                                                     139.45%                                 131.02%
  lending) divided by net capital




                                                                                                                                       405
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Similar to the Company, certain subsidiaries of the Group are also subject to capital requirements under the Mainland
          China, Hong Kong and the United States regulatory requirements, respectively. These subsidiaries comply with the capital
          requirements during the year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022.


          (g) Transfer of financial assets

          The Group transferred financial assets to certain counterparties through repurchase agreements and securities lending.
          These securities are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position because the Group retains
          substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities.

          The Group entered into repurchase agreements with certain counterparties to sell debt securities classified as financial
          assets at fair value through profit or loss and debt instruments at amortised cost. Sales and repurchase agreements are
          transactions in which the Group sell a security, and agree to repurchase it at the agreed date and price. The repurchase
          prices are fixed and the Group is still exposed to substantially all the credit risks, market risks and rewards of those securities
          sold. These securities are not derecognised from the consolidated statement of financial position because the Group
          retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these financial assets.

          The Group entered into securities lending agreements with clients to lend out its equity securities and exchange-traded
          funds classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss. As stipulated in the securities lending agreements, the
          legal ownership of these equity securities and exchange-traded funds is transferred to the clients. Although the clients are
          allowed to sell these securities during the covered period, they have obligations to return these securities to the Group at
          specified future dates. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the risks and interests of these securities
          and therefore has not derecognised these securities in the consolidated statement of financial position.

          The following tables provide a summary of carrying amounts and fair values of the transferred financial assets that are not
          derecognised in their entirety and the associated liabilities:


          As at 31 December 2023



                                                               Financial assets at fair value                Debt instruments at
                                                                   through profit or loss                      amortised cost

                                                       Sales and repurchase                                  Sales and repurchase
                                                                agreements           Securities lending               agreements           Total



          Carrying amount of transferred assets                      1,848,651                   1,791,118                         -   3,639,769

          Carrying amount of associated liabilities                (1,733,189)                          -                          -   (1,733,189)

          Net position                                                 115,462                   1,791,118                         -    1,906,580




          As at 31 December 2022


                                                               Financial assets at fair value                Debt instruments at
                                                                   through profit or loss                      amortised cost

                                                        Sales and repurchase                                 Sales and repurchase
                                                                 agreements          Securities lending               agreements            Total



          Carrying amount of transferred assets                      4,514,082                  2,902,260                  50,458       7,466,800

          Carrying amount of associated liabilities                 (4,125,761)                         -                 (48,486)     (4,174,247)

          Net position                                                388,321                   2,902,260                    1,972      3,292,553




406
                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
62 Fair value information

(a) Fair value of financial instruments

Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between
market participations at the measurement date.

(i) Financial instruments in Level I

The fair value of financial instruments traded in active markets is based on quoted market prices at the date of the
statement of financial position. A market is regarded as active if quoted prices are readily and regularly available from an


                                                                                                                                                About Us
exchange, dealer, broker and those prices represent actual and regularly occurring market transactions on an arm's length
basis. The quoted market price used for financial assets held by the Group is the closing price within bid-ask spread. These
instruments are included in Level I.

(ii) Financial instruments in Level II

The fair value of financial instruments that are not traded in an active market is determined by using valuation techniques.
These valuation techniques maximise the use of observable market data where it is available and rely as little as possible
on entity specific estimates. If all significant inputs required to fair value an instrument are observable, the instrument is
included in Level II.


                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
(iii) Financial instruments in Level III




                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
If one or more of the significant inputs is not based on observable market data, the instrument is included in Level III.


(b) Fair value of other financial instruments (carried at other than fair value)

The fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value on a recurring basis is estimated by the
active market quotation or determined in accordance with discounted cash flow method.

The main parameters used in discounted cash flow method for financial instruments held by the Group that are not
measured at fair value on a recurring basis include bond interest rates, foreign exchange rates and counterparty credit




                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
spreads.

The carrying amount and fair value of debt instruments at amortised cost investments, short-term debt instruments issued
and long-term bonds which are not presented at fair value are listed as below:



Carrying amount


                                                                                As at 31 December

                                                                                  2023                                        2022




                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and
Financial assets

- Debt instruments at amortised cost                                          50,116,812                                48,552,570

Total                                                                         50,116,812                                48,552,570




                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection
Financial liabilities

- Short-term debt instruments issued                                       (25,475,507)                                (25,772,604)

- Long-term bonds                                                          (159,816,001)                               (139,419,338)

Total                                                                      (185,291,508)                               (165,191,942)




                                                                                                                                       407
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          Fair value


                                                                                 As at 31 December 2023

                                                            Level I                  Level II                  Level III          Total



          Financial assets

          - Debt instruments at amortised cost                    -               51,189,494                            -     51,189,494

          Total                                                   -               51,189,494                            -     51,189,494



          Financial liabilities

          - Short-term debt instruments issued                    -               14,047,389                  11,444,324      25,491,713

          - Long-term bonds                                       -              129,176,100                 32,302,564      161,478,664

          Total                                                   -              143,223,489                 43,746,888      186,970,377




                                                                                 As at 31 December 2022

                                                            Level I                  Level II                   Level III         Total



          Financial assets

          - Debt instruments at amortised cost                    -               48,923,303                            -    48,923,303

          Total                                                   -               48,923,303                            -    48,923,303



          Financial liabilities

          - Short-term debt instruments issued                    -                9,133,900                 16,634,558      25,768,458

          - Long-term bonds                                       -                115,183,301               24,857,323      140,040,624

          Total                                                   -               124,317,201                  41,491,881    165,809,082




          The fair value of the financial assets and financial liabilities included in the level II and III categories above have been
          determined in accordance with generally accepted pricing models based on a discounted cash flow analysis, with the
          most significant inputs being the discount rate that reflects the credit risk of counterparties.

          Except for the above, the directors of the Company consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial
          liabilities recorded in the Group's consolidated statement of financial position approximate their fair value.




408
                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(c) Fair value of financial instruments carried at fair value

The table below analyses financial instruments, measured at fair value at the end of the reporting period, by the level in
the fair value hierarchy into which the fair value measurement is categorised. It does not include fair value information for
financial assets and financial liabilities not measured at fair value if the carrying amount is a reasonable approximation of
fair value.



                                                                    As at 31 December 2023

                                                  Level I               Level II                 Level III               Total




                                                                                                                                           About Us
Assets

Financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss

- Debt securities                               1,247,948            193,929,712                 586,617            195,764,277

- Equity securities                           114,529,748                 8,985               15,068,652           129,607,385

- Mutual funds                                59,389,427              2,199,859                  178,042             61,767,328

- Private funds                                         -           22,344,489                           -          22,344,489

- Wealth management products                            -              1,418,630                         -            1,418,630

- Other debt instruments                                -                      -                2,177,275             2,177,275



                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
Debt instruments at fair value through
                                                        -             16,081,537                 180,463            16,262,000
 other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                        -                18,849                  105,657               124,506
  other comprehensive income

Other investment

- Unlisted investment in a joint venture                -                      -                 380,612               380,612

Derivative financial assets                       197,373            10,353,460                5,709,048             16,259,881

Total                                         175,364,496           246,355,521               24,386,366           446,106,383



Liabilities




                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
Financial liabilities at fair value through
  profit or loss

- Financial liabilities held for trading      (1,457,566)          (34,474,571)                          -         (35,932,137)

- Financial liabilities designated at fair
                                               (828,545)            (5,031,459)              (10,879,025)          (16,739,029)
   value through profit or loss

Derivative financial liabilities               (247,954)            (13,176,576)               (3,457,111)         (16,881,641)

Total                                         (2,534,065)          (52,682,606)              (14,336,136)         (69,552,807)




                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                  409
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                            As at 31 December 2022

                                                           Level I              Level II                Level III               Total



          Assets

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss

          - Debt securities                               1,731,297          172,159,442                  314,711         174,205,450

          - Equity securities                           90,450,244               48,204               16,878,323           107,376,771

          - Mutual funds                                44,567,500             869,420                   106,443           45,543,363

          - Private funds                                        -           17,423,948                         -          17,423,948

          - Wealth management products                           -             3,151,457                        -            3,151,457

          - Other debt instruments                               -                     -               3,103,556             3,103,556

          Debt instruments at fair value through
           other comprehensive income                            -           9,826,506                   677,873           10,504,379

          Equity instruments at fair value through
            other comprehensive income                           -              153,793                   87,794              241,587

          Other investment

          - Unlisted investment in a joint venture               -                     -                 741,464              741,464

          Derivative financial assets                      109,080           12,443,939                3,235,282            15,788,301

          Total                                         136,858,121         216,076,709               25,145,446          378,080,276



          Liabilities

          Financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss

          - Financial liabilities held for trading      (1,275,845)         (35,231,451)                        -        (36,507,296)

          - Financial liabilities designated at fair
                                                         (315,303)           (2,092,813)             (9,660,147)          (12,068,263)
             value through profit or loss

          Derivative financial liabilities                (130,351)          (8,226,125)              (1,281,649)          (9,638,125)

          Total                                         (1,721,499)        (45,550,389)              (10,941,796)         (58,213,684)




          For the year ended 31 December 2023, there was no transfer from Level II to Level I (For the year ended 31 December 2022:
          Nil).




410
                                                                                                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2023
(i) Valuation methods for financial instruments in Level II



Financial assets and liabilities             Fair value hierarchy                      Valuation technique(s) and key input(s)



Debt securities at fair value through                               Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted
                                                   Level II
 profit or loss                                                       at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the bonds.



Equity securities at fair value through
                                                   Level II         Recent transaction prices.
  profit or loss




                                                                                                                                                                About Us
Funds at fair value through profit or loss         Level II         Net asset value as published by the fund managers.



Wealth management products at fair
                                                   Level II         Net asset value as published by the managers of products.
 value through profit or loss



Debt instruments at fair value through                              Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted
                                                   Level II
 other comprehensive income                                           at a rate that reflects the credit risk of the bonds.



Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                   Level II         Recent transaction prices.
  other comprehensive income




                                                                                                                                                             Operating Analysis
                                                                    Future cash flows estimated based on forward exchange rates (from observable
                                                                      forward exchange rates at the end of the reporting period) and contract



                                                                                                                                                              and Strategies
Derivative financial assets/ derivative                               forward rates, discounted at a rate that reflects the credit risk of various
                                                   Level II
 financial liabilities                                                counterparties; or calculated based on the difference between the equity
                                                                      return of underlying equity securities and the fixed income agreed in the swap
                                                                      agreements.



                                                                    Future cash flows estimated based on contractual amounts discounted at a rate
Financial liabilities held for trading             Level II
                                                                      that reflects the credit risk of the debt instruments.



Financial liabilities designated at fair                            Calculated based on the fair value of the underlying investments which are debt
                                                   Level II




                                                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance
  value through profit or loss                                       securities and publicly traded equity investments in each portfolio.




                                                                                                                                                               Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                             Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                       411
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          (ii) Valuation methods for Financial instruments in Level III



                                                                                                           Significant unobservable          Relationship of unobservable
          Financial assets and liabilities      Fair value hierarchy        Valuation technique(s)                         input(s)                  input(s) to fair value



                                                                                                                                        The higher the risk adjusted
          Other debt instruments and debt                                                                                                 discount rate, the lower the fair
                                                                       Discounted cash flow            Risk adjusted discount rate
           securities at fair value through           Level III                                                                           value; the higher the expected
                                                                         model                           and expected cash flow.
           profit or loss                                                                                                                 cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                          value.



                                                                                                       Indicators such as P/
                                                                                                                                        The higher the discount,
                                                                       Market approach, with an          E and P/B multiples
          Unlisted equity securities at fair                                                                                              the lower the fair value; the higher
                                                      Level III         adjustment or discount           of comparable listed
           value through profit or loss                                                                                                   the valuation multiples, the higher
                                                                        for lack of marketability        companies, and liquidity
                                                                                                                                          the fair value.
                                                                                                         discount rate.



                                                                                                                                        The higher the price volatility, the
                                                                                                       Indicators such as price
          Funds at fair value                                          Black-Scholes option                                               higher the discount rate; the
                                                      Level III                                          volatility of comparable
           through profit or loss                                        pricing model                                                    higher the discount rate, the lower
                                                                                                         funds, and discount rate.
                                                                                                                                          the fair value.



                                                                                                                                        The higher the risk adjusted
          Debt instruments at fair value                                                                                                  discount rate, the lower the fair
                                                                       Discounted cash flow            Risk adjusted discount rate
           through other comprehensive                Level III                                                                           value; the higher the expected
                                                                         model                           and expected cash flow.
           income                                                                                                                         cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                          value.



                                                                                                       Indicators such as P/
                                                                                                                                        The higher the discount, the lower
          Equity instruments at fair value                             Market approach, with an          E and P/B multiples
                                                                                                                                          the fair value; the higher the
            through other comprehensive               Level III         adjustment or discount           of comparable listed
                                                                                                                                          valuation multiples, the
            income                                                      for lack of marketability        companies, and liquidity
                                                                                                                                          higher the fair value.
                                                                                                         discount rate.



                                                                                                                                        The higher the risk adjusted
                                                                                                                                          discount rate, the lower the fair
          Unlisted investment in a joint                               Discounted cash flow            Risk adjusted discount rate
                                                      Level III                                                                           value; the higher the expected
           venture                                                       model                           and expected cash flow.
                                                                                                                                          cash flow, the higher the fair
                                                                                                                                          value.



                                                                       Black-Scholes option
                                                                                                                                        The higher the price volatility, the
          Derivative financial assets/                                   pricing model /Monte-         Price volatility of underlying
                                                      Level III                                                                           greater the impact on the fair
           derivative financial liabilities                              Carlo option pricing            assets.
                                                                                                                                          value.
                                                                         model



                                                                                                       Indicators such as P/
                                                                       Market approach, with an                                         The higher the discount,
                                                                                                         E and P/B multiples
          Financial liabilities designated at                           adjustment or discount                                            the lower the fair value; the higher
                                                      Level III                                          of comparable listed
            fair value through profit or loss                           for lack of marketability of                                      the valuation multiples, the higher
                                                                                                         companies, and liquidity
                                                                        the underlying portfolios                                         the fair value.
                                                                                                         discount rate.



                                                                       Black-Scholes option
                                                                                                                                        The higher the price volatility, the
          Financial liabilities designated at                            pricing model /Monte-         Price volatility of underlying
                                                      Level III                                                                           greater the impact on the fair
            fair value through profit or loss                            Carlo option pricing            assets.
                                                                                                                                          value.
                                                                         model




412
      (iii) Financial instruments in Level III

      The following table shows a reconciliation from the beginning balances to the ending balances for fair value measurement in Level III of the fair value hierarchy:



                                                                                     Debt instruments at        Equity instruments
                                              Financial assets at                      fair value through       assets at fair value                                       Financial liabilities   Derivative
                                               fair value through           Other   other comprehensive              through other           Derivative                  at fair value through      financial
                                                     profit or loss   investment                   income    comprehensive income      financial assets         Total             profit or loss    liabilities         Total



      As at 1 January 2023                             20,403,033         741,464                 677,873                     87,794          3,235,282    25,145,446               (9,660,147)     (1,281,649)   (10,941,796)

      Transfer in                                           66,381              -                       -                          -                  -         66,381                         -              -             -

      Transfer out                                     (9,737,580)              -                       -                          -                  -    (9,737,580)                         -              -             -

      Gains or losses for the year                        (43,469)      (360,852)                    1,819                         -          3,167,323      2,764,821               (483,933)     (1,618,490)     (2,102,423)

      Changes in fair value recognised
       in other comprehensive income                              -             -                  (5,179)                    17,863            (31,121)      (18,437)                         -      (32,763)       (32,763)

      Additions                                           9,511,417             -                       -                          -             21,555     9,532,972               (6,989,522)        564,316    (6,425,206)

      Sales                                             (1,746,812)             -                       -                          -          (46,394)     (1,793,206)                         -    (608,437)      (608,437)

      Settlements                                       (442,384)               -              (494,050)                           -          (637,597)    (1,574,031)                6,254,577     (480,088)       5,774,489

      As at 31 December 2023                            18,010,586        380,612                 180,463                    105,657         5,709,048     24,386,366              (10,879,025)     (3,457,111)   (14,336,136)

      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for
        assets/liability held at the end of
        the reporting period                               391,908      (360,852)                       -                          -          2,487,619      2,518,675                 1,515,251   (2,030,084)      (514,833)




413
                                        Financial Report and                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                                                    Corporate Governance                                                                         About Us                             ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                      Documents for Inspection                                                                      and Strategies
414



                                                                                       Debt instruments at         Equity instruments
                                              Financial assets at                        fair value through        assets at fair value                                          Financial liabilities   Derivative
                                               fair value through            Other    other comprehensive               through other            Derivative                    at fair value through      financial
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       HUATAI SECURITIES

                                                     profit or loss    investment                    income     comprehensive income       financial assets          Total              profit or loss    liabilities        Total



      As at 1 January 2022                               8,233,247         823,289                  909,525                      88,606            2,679,713     12,734,380               (3,606,854)     (2,151,622)   (5,758,476)

      Transfer in                                          144,869               -                         -                          -                    -       144,869                           -              -             -

      Transfer out                                                -              -                         -                          -                    -              -                          -              -             -

      Gains or losses for the year                         2,150,416       (81,825)                   186,181                         -            2,192,347       4,447,119                   39,004     (804,995)       (765,991)

      Changes in fair value recognised
       in other comprehensive income                              -              -                  (18,757)                       (812)                   -       (19,569)                          -        56,828        56,828

      Additions                                          13,297,335              -                  367,758                           -                1,053     13,666,146               (6,208,983)       (40,364)    (6,249,347)

      Sales                                              (1,048,901)             -                         -                          -                  (12)    (1,048,913)                         -        50,200        50,200

      Settlements                                       (2,373,933)              -                (766,834)                           -           (1,637,819)   (4,778,586)                    116,686     1,608,304      1,724,990

      As at 31 December 2022                            20,403,033          741,464                 677,873                      87,794           3,235,282     25,145,446                 (9,660,147)    (1,281,649)   (10,941,796)

      Total gains or losses for the period
        included in profit or loss for
        assets/liability held at the end of
        the reporting period                               (281,731)       (81,825)                        -                          -            1,063,425       699,869                   (619,585)    (1,252,215)    (1,871,800)




      For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB66,381 million were transferred from Level I to Level III, as the fair
      values of these securities were determined with the use of valuation techniques instead of quoted prices, due to delisting (For the year ended 31 December 2022: RMB144,869 million).

      For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Group's investments in financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB9,738 million were transferred from Level III to Level I, as the fair
      values of these securities were determined with the use of quoted prices instead of valuation techniques, due to expiration of lock-up period (For the year ended 31 December 2022: nil).
                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
63 Share-based payments


                                                            As at             Accrued              Decrease                   As at
                                           Notes   1 January 2023         for the year           for the year      31 December 2023



Restricted Share Incentive
                                            (a)           223,981               72,582                 (115,774)             180,789
  Scheme of A Shares
Share-based payments of an
                                            (b)          1,273,641              114,912                       -            1,388,553
  overseas subsidiary
Total                                                    1,497,622             187,494                 (115,774)           1,569,342




                                                                                                                                                 About Us
                                                            As at             Accrued              Decrease                   As at
                                           Notes   1 January 2022         for the year           for the year      31 December 2022



Restricted Share Incentive
                                            (a)            98,209               125,772                       -              223,981
  Scheme of A Shares
Share-based payments of an
                                            (b)           1,150,320             123,321                       -             1,273,641
  overseas subsidiary
Total                                                    1,248,529            249,093                         -             1,497,622




(a) Restricted share incentive scheme of A shares                                                                                             Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
The Company carried out a Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares whereby the Company grant restricted A shares
to the Incentive Participants in return for their services. On 29 March 2021, 45,640,000 restricted A Shares were granted to 813
incentive participants at the grant price of RMB9.10 per Share. As at 30 March 2021, the Company had in aggregate received
subscription proceeds of RMB413,940,800 from 810 incentive participants. On 30 March 2023, the Board and the Supervisory
Committee of the Company considered and approved that the total number of restricted shares that can be lifted is
14,222,943 shares at the end of the first locking period (Note 55). The restricted shares unlocked was listed and circulated on
24 April 2023.




                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
As at 31 December 2023, there are two remaining unlocking periods under the incentive scheme, the weighted average
remaining contractual life of the incentive scheme is 0.76 years.

Details of the scheme as at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 are set out below:



                                                                              Year ended 31 December

Number of shares                                                                 2023                                          2022



Outstanding at the beginning of the year                                   43,788,054                                     44,463,027

Granted during the year                                                              -                                             -




                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
Exercised during the year                                                            -                                             -

Forfeited during the year                                                   (1,771,910)                                    (674,973)

Unlocked during the year                                                  (14,222,943)                                             -




                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
Outstanding at the end of the year                                          27,793,201                                    43,788,054



Exercisable at the end of the year                                          27,793,201                                    43,788,054




                                                                                                                                        415
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          As at 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, cumulative amount of RMB180.79 million and RMB223.98 million were
          recognised in the capital reserve and non-controlling interests of the Group, respectively. The total expenses recognised for
          the year ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 were RMB72.58 million and RMB125.77 million, respectively.

          For the year ended 31 December 2023, the Company recognized share-based payment expense amounted to RMB10.22
          million, for the restricted shares granted to the Company's key management personnel (For the year ended 31 December
          2022: RMB16.49 million).

          The fair value of services received in return for restricted share Incentive scheme is measured by reference to the fair value
          of shares. The estimate of the fair value of restricted shares granted is measured based on the closing price of shares at
          grant date, which is RMB17.24 per share.


          (b) Share-based payments of an overseas subsidiary

          On 3 July 2019, AssetMark granted the equity incentive plan ("the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan"). The 2019 Equity Incentive Plan
          was effective on 17 July 2019, i.e. the effective date of the S-1 registration form of the Initial Public Offering ("IPO").

          (i) Restricted Stock Awards (RSAs)

          On 17 July 2019, AssetMark granted the original holders of Restricted Stock Awards equal to 6,309,049 shares of AssetMark
          common stock.

          (ii) Stock Options

          In connection with the IPO, AssetMark issued options to certain officers to acquire an aggregate of 918,981 shares of
          the common stock, with an exercise price of USD22 per share. Each of these options is scheduled to vest and become
          exercisable in substantially equal installments on each of the first three anniversaries of 18 July 2019. AssetMark uses the
          Black-Scholes options pricing model to estimate the fair value of Stock Options.

          (iii) Restricted Stock Units (RSUs)

          In connection with the IPO, AssetMark issued Restricted Stock Units to certain officers covering an aggregate of 85,737
          shares of the common stock. Each of these Restricted Stock Units is scheduled to vest in substantially equal installments on
          each of the first three anniversaries of 18 July 2019. During 2020, 2021 and 2022, AssetMark issued RSUs to all officers, certain
          employees and independent directors of the board, respectively. Most of these RSUs are scheduled to vest in substantially
          equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant. During 2023, AssetMark issued 635,955 RSUs in
          aggregate to its officers, certain employees and independent directors of the board. Most of these RSUs are scheduled to
          vest in substantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant.

          (iv) Stock Appreciation Rights (SARs)

          On 9 June 2020, AssetMark issued stock appreciation to certain officers with respect to 831,902 shares of its common stock
          under the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan. Each SAR has a strike price equal to the fair market value of the common stock of
          AssetMark on the date of grant and is scheduled to vest and become exercisable insubstantially equal installments on
          each of the first four anniversaries of 9 June 2020. Upon exercise, each of these SARs will be settled in shares of AssetMark
          common stock with a value equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its common stock measured on the
          exercise date over the strike price. In During 2021 and 2022, AssetMark issued SARs to certain officers. Each SAR has a strike
          price equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of its common stock measured on the exercise date over the
          strike price and is scheduled to vest and become exercisable in substantially equal installments on each of the first four
          anniversaries of the date of grant. During 2023, AssetMark issued 109,889 SARs to certain officers. Each SAR is scheduled to
          vest and become exercisable in substantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of the date of grant.

          During 2023, AssetMark issued 338,907 Cash-settled SARs to certain officers. Each Cash-settled SAR has a strike price equal
          to the fair market value of the AssetMark's common stock on the date of grant and is scheduled to vest and become
          exercisable in substantially equal installments on each of the first four anniversaries of their grant date, subject to the
          recipient's continued employment through the vesting date, and have a ten-year contractual term. Upon exercise, each
          of these Cash-settled SARs will be settled in cash with a value equal to the excess, if any, of the fair market value of the
          AssetMark's common stock measured on the exercise date over the strike price.




416
                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2023
64 Company-level statement of financial position


                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                     2023                        2022
                                                        Note
                                                                                           (Restated)



Non-current assets

Property and equipment                                           4,187,944                   3,964,148

Investment properties                                             858,046                     974,806

Land-use rights and other intangible assets                        833,036                     831,803


                                                                                                                   About Us
Investments in subsidiaries                                      24,611,100                 24,746,871

Interest in associates                                          15,486,356                   14,170,428

Debt instruments at amortised cost                               4,697,309                   36,338,211

Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                          -                  6,147,490
 comprehensive income

Equity instruments at fair value through
                                                                    52,694                     52,694
  other comprehensive income

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss              542,102                    473,650

Refundable deposits                                             13,790,464                  14,777,245




                                                                                                                Operating Analysis
Other non-current assets                                           262,158                     257,772

Total non-current assets                                        65,321,209                  102,735,118




                                                                                                                 and Strategies
Current assets

Accounts receivable                                              3,437,465                   2,966,173

Other receivables and prepayments                                11,057,194                 10,804,680

Margin accounts receivable                                     109,994,639                 98,360,566

Debt instruments at amortised cost                              45,169,690                  11,965,863

Financial assets held under resale agreements                    10,262,018                  31,917,344

Debt instruments at fair value through other
                                                                 11,663,753                  1,207,228
 comprehensive income




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           284,201,311                245,573,916

Derivative financial assets                                       11,313,833                 12,910,012

Clearing settlement funds                                        13,863,172                  17,107,842

Cash held on behalf of brokerage clients                        102,305,180                105,098,024

Cash and bank balances                                           14,891,188                  11,504,512

Total current assets                                           618,159,443                 549,416,160

Total assets                                                   683,480,652                 652,151,278




                                                                                                                  Financial Report and



                                                                                                                Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                          417
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                       As at 31 December

                                                                      2023                       2022
                                                         Note
                                                                                           (Restated)



          Current liabilities

          Short-term debt instruments issued                     16,776,642                 18,203,723

          Placements from other financial institutions          39,536,527                   25,877,713

          Accounts payable to brokerage clients                 95,945,088                  101,426,766

          Employee benefits payable                              2,038,688                    1,801,844

          Other payables and accruals                           88,953,603                  88,177,833

          Financial assets sold under
                                                                 116,230,125                121,317,309
            repurchase agreements

          Financial liabilities at fair value through
                                                                 20,737,753                  17,381,825
            profit or loss

          Derivative financial liabilities                       11,885,585                  11,673,224

          Long-term bonds due within one year                    38,411,570                 26,257,807

          Total current liabilities                             430,515,581                 412,118,044

          Net current assets                                    187,643,862                 137,298,116

          Total assets less current liabilities                 252,965,071                240,033,234

          Non-current liabilities

          Long-term bonds                                       92,708,296                 90,526,586

          Non-current employee benefits payable                  4,495,899                   5,023,273

          Financial liabilities at fair value through
                                                                    130,342                     148,331
            profit or loss

          Deferred tax liabilities                                  80,495                      138,321

          Other payable and accruals                               496,826                     558,321

          Total non-current liabilities                          97,911,858                96,394,832

          Net assets                                            155,053,213                143,638,402




418
                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                               As at 31 December

                                                                              2023                                      2022
                                         Note
                                                                                                                  (Restated)



Equity

Share capital                            55(b)                           9,074,663                                  9,075,589

Other equity instruments                                                25,700,000                                 19,200,000

Treasury shares                                                          (1,064,173)                               (1,202,324)

Reserves                                                                 94,781,954                                92,561,747

Retained profits                                                        26,560,769                                 24,003,390



                                                                                                                                          About Us
Total equity                                                            155,053,213                               143,638,402




Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 28 March 2024.


Zhang Wei                                                                      Wang Bing

Chairman of the Board,Director                                                 Director




65 Events after the reporting date                                                                                                     Operating Analysis


(a) Issuance of bonds                                                                                                                   and Strategies
From 31 December 2023 to the date of the consolidated financial statements approved and authorised for issue, Huatai
International Finance Limited, a subsidiary of Huatai International Financial Holdings Limited, has issued 14 medium-term
notes with a cumulative amount of USD234 million, HKD181 million and RMB600 million bearing interest of 3.36% to 6.02% per
annum.




                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
(b) Profit distribution plan after accounting periods

In March 2024, based on the total ordinary shares of 9,029,384,840 of the Company, the Board proposed cash dividends
of RMB4.30 (tax inclusive) per 10 ordinary shares, with total cash dividend amounting to RMB3,883 million (tax inclusive),
accounting for 30.45% of the consolidated profit attributable to shareholders of the company in 2023. The total amount of
the actual dividend distribution will be calculated based on the total number of A shares entitled to dividend distribution
on the registration date of A share shareholders. The proposal is pending for the approval of the general meeting of the
shareholders. The cash dividends are not recognised as a liability as at 31 December 2023.




                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                 419
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          INDEX OF DOCUMENTS FOR INSPECTION

                                                 Financial statements carrying the signature and seal of the Company’s legal
                                                 representative, person in charge of accounting and head of accounting department

                                                 Audit report carrying the seal of the accounting firm and the signature and seal of
          Index of Documents for Inspection      the certified public accountant

                                                 Original copies of all documents and announcements of the Company publicly
                                                 disclosed during the Reporting Period

                                                 Articles of Association




                                                                                                      Chairman of the Board: Zhang Wei

                                                               Date of Submission as Approved by the Board of Directors: March 28,2024




          INFORMATION DISCLOSURE OF SECURITIES COMPANIES

           I.MAJOR ADMINISTRATIVE APPROVALS OF THE COMPANY

          1.Letter on No Objection for Proprietary Participation in Carbon Emissions Trading of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Ji Gou Bu Han
          [2023] No. 102) dated January 30, 2023.

          2.Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by Huatai
          Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2023] No. 414) dated February 27, 2023.

          3.Approval for the Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors by
          Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Zheng Jian Xu Ke [2023] No. 1537) dated July 13, 2023.




420
                                                                                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2023

APPENDIX

 I. MAIN BUSINESS QUALIFICATIONS

The Company was entitled to become the members of the Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Shenzhen Stock Exchange and
Beijing Stock Exchange, and Securities Association of China, to engage in the clearing of warrants of China Securities
Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited and to participate in the clearing of China Securities Depository and Clearing


                                                                                                                                                                        About Us
Corporation Limited. Besides, the Company also has the following main business qualifications:



 No.                                        Type of License                                                Approval Department                    Years



  1     National interbank market access qualification                                                              PBOC                       January 2000

  2     Qualification for online entrusted securities brokerage business                                            CSRC                         May 2001

  3     Qualification for distributing open-end securities investment funds                                         CSRC                      February 2003

  4     Qualification for entrusted investment management business                                                  CSRC                       March 2003




                                                                                                                                                                     Operating Analysis
                                                                                                          Jiangsu Communications
  5     Value-added telecommunications business license                                                                                          July 2004
                                                                                                               Administration
  6     Pilot securities firm for relevant innovative activities                                       Securities Association of China         March 2005




                                                                                                                                                                      and Strategies
  7     Qualification for underwriting short-term financing bills                                                   PBOC                       August 2005
                                                                                                       State Administration of Foreign
  8     License for foreign exchange operation in the securities business                                                                     November 2006
                                                                                                                Exchange
  9     Foreign exchange registration certificate for overseas investment                             Jiangsu Provincial Bureau of SAFE       December 2006

 10     Qualification for agency business of stock transfer                                            Securities Association of China          June 2007

  11    Qualification of tier-1 dealer on the integrated e-platform for fixed income securities           Shanghai Stock Exchange              August 2007
        Qualified domestic institutional investor (QDII) qualification for overseas
 12                                                                                                                 CSRC                      December 2007
        securities investment management business
        Qualification to provide intermediary introduction business for Great Wall Weiye
 13                                                                                                                 CSRC                        April 2008
        Futures Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance
 14     Qualified investor qualification in block trade system                                            Shanghai Stock Exchange               June 2008
        Qualification to incorporate wholly-owned specialized subsidiaries to engage in
 15                                                                                                                 CSRC                         July 2008
        direct investment business
 16     Obtain a stock index futures trading code and a hedging limit                                 China Financial Futures Exchange          June 2010

  17    Pilot program of securities margin trading                                                                  CSRC                        June 2010
        Qualification of the dealer for credit risk mitigation tools and creator for credit risk   National Association of Financial Market
 18                                                                                                                                           December 2010
        mitigation certificates                                                                              Institutional Investors
        Change the securities brokerage business (the business in Jiangsu, Shanghai,
        Zhejiang, Anhui, Shandong, Heilongjiang, Jilin, Liaoning, Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei,
        Henan, Shaanxi, Shanxi, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Gansu, Xinjiang, Qinghai only)
        within the original business scope to securities brokerage business, change
 19     the securities underwriting and sponsorship business (the relevant business                                 CSRC                        August 2011
        on the Shanghai Stock Exchange only) to securities underwriting business (the
        underwriting of government bonds, debt financing instruments of non-financial




                                                                                                                                                                       Financial Report and
        enterprises only), and reduce the financial advisory business relating to securities
        trading and securities investment activities
 20     Provide trading seats to insurance institutional investors                                 China Insurance Regulatory Commission       January 2012

 21     Pilot program of bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                         CSRC                       January 2012




                                                                                                                                                                     Documents for Inspection
 22     Bonds collateralized quotation repurchase business                                                Shanghai Stock Exchange              February 2012

 23     CSI 300ETF liquidity service provider                                                             Shanghai Stock Exchange                May 2012

 24     Innovative brokerage deposit business                                                                       CSRC                        June 2012

 25     Participate in interest rate swap trading by using the Company’s proprietary funds          Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       August 2012
                                                                                                    China Securities Finance Corporation
 26     Pilot program of margin refinancing                                                                                                    August 2012
                                                                                                                   Limited
 27     Pilot program of agreed repurchase type securities trading                                                  CSRC                      September 2012
        Lead underwriting business for non-financial enterprises debt financing                    National Association of Financial Market
 28                                                                                                                                           November 2012
        instruments in the interbank market                                                                 Institutional Investors
        Qualification and transaction code for conducting arbitrage and speculative
 29                                                                                                   China Financial Futures Exchange        December 2012
        trading of CSI 300 index-futures
 30     Agency sale of financial products                                                           Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau       January 2013




                                                                                                                                                               421
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.                                     Type of License                                            Approval Department                    Years



                 Qualification for the agreed repurchase type
            31                                                                                               Shenzhen Stock Exchange              January 2013
                 securities trading business
                 Pilot comprehensive custody business for private funds, which can provide
                 comprehensive custody services, such as asset custody, settlement,                    Institutional Supervision Department
           32                                                                                                                                     February 2013
                 computation of net value, investment control, custody report and etc., for private                  of the CSRC
                 securities investment funds (limited partnership)
                                                                                                       China Securities Finance Corporation
           33    Qualification of margin refinancing business                                                                                     February 2013
                                                                                                                      Limited
                                                                                                            China Insurance Regulatory
           34    Insurance fund investment manager                                                                                                 March 2013
                                                                                                                   Commission
                 Operate recommendation and brokerage business on the National Equities                   National Equities Exchange and
           35                                                                                                                                      March 2013
                 Exchange and Quotations as the lead securities firm                                       Quotations Company Limited
                 Qualification to submit filing materials for witnessing the opening of customers’        China Securities Depository and
           36                                                                                                                                       April 2013
                 securities accounts                                                                       Clearing Corporation Limited
                 Qualification of financial bonds (including policy finance bonds) underwriting
           37                                                                                          Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau        June 2013
                 business
                 Conducting stock pledge-style repo transaction business for securities listed on           Shanghai Stock Exchange
           38                                                                                                                                      June 2013
                 the Shanghai Stock Exchange or Shenzhen Stock Exchange                                   and Shenzhen Stock Exchange
           39    Treasury bonds futures business                                                       Jiangsu Securities Regulatory Bureau      September 2013
                 Qualification to conduct treasury bonds futures arbitrage and hedging                   CSRC and China Financial Futures
           40                                                                                                                                    September 2013
                 businesses                                                                                        Exchange
            41   Qualification to conduct asset management share transfer business                           Shenzhen Stock Exchange             September 2013

           42    Qualification to carry out equity return swaps business                                  Securities Association of China        September 2013

           43    Qualification to conduct pre-issuance of treasury bonds                                     Shanghai Stock Exchange              October 2013

           44    Pass the on-site inspection on stock options                                                Shanghai Stock Exchange               June 2014
                 Operate market-making business on the National
                                                                                                          National Equities Exchange and
           45    Equities Exchange and Quotations as a market maker, namely market-making                                                           July 2014
                                                                                                           Quotations Company Limited
                 qualification on the National Equities Exchange and Quotations
           46    Trial market maker on the interbank market                                             National Inter-Bank Funding Center          July 2014

           47    Pilot program of financing by exercising the share incentive scheme business                Shenzhen Stock Exchange              August 2014
                 Qualification of capital payment services for clients that could provide various
                                                                                                      Securities Fund Supervision Department
           48    payment services for investors such as deposits collection, mobile recharging,                                                   August 2014
                                                                                                                    of the CSRC
                 online store consumption, sales return, water fee and credit card payment
           49    Qualification of custodian for securities investment funds                                            CSRC                      September 2014

           50    Qualification for pilot operations of Internet-based securities business                 Securities Association of China        September 2014

            51   OTC qualification                                                                        Securities Association of China        September 2014

           52    Qualification to conduct Southbound trading under A Shares trading seats                    Shanghai Stock Exchange              October 2014

           53    Pilot program on the OTC market                                                          Securities Association of China         October 2014
                 Pilot program of restricted securities lending under share incentive schemes of
           54                                                                                                Shenzhen Stock Exchange             December 2014
                 listed companies
                 Qualification of practicing on an authentic basis and brokerage business for
           55                                                                                                Shenzhen Stock Exchange             December 2014
                 stock option businesses
                 Qualification for stock option trading participant, stock option brokerage and
           56                                                                                                Shanghai Stock Exchange              January 2015
                 proprietary business trading
           57    Qualification for stock options market making business                                                CSRC                       January 2015

           58    Main market maker of SSE 50ETF option contracts                                             Shanghai Stock Exchange              January 2015
                 Qualification of standard interest rate swap and forward centralized settlement
           59                                                                                                Shanghai Clearing House                April 2015
                 of standard bonds
           60    Qualification of participating in the net settlement of bond trade                          Shanghai Clearing House                April 2015
                 Provide private equity with valuation and calculation service, share registration
                                                                                                               Asset Management
            61   service, sales backstage service support and other outsourcing services, as well                                                   April 2015
                                                                                                               Association of China
                 as other value-added services derived from the above services
                 Qualification of pilot innovative business for one-way video verification of             China Securities Depository and
           62                                                                                                                                      June 2015
                 investors’ identities                                                                     Clearing Corporation Limited
                 Permission to conduct Southbound trading under Shenzhen-Hong Kong stock
           63                                                                                                Shenzhen Stock Exchange             November 2016
                 connect
                 Agency qualification for subscription, purchasing and redeeming of gold ETF in
           64                                                                                                Shanghai Gold Exchange                June 2017
                 spot
           65    Pilot program of cross-border business                                                                CSRC                      December 2017

           66    Qualification of tier-1 dealer on OTC options                                                         CSRC                         July 2018

           67    Carry out credit derivatives business                                                                 CSRC                      December 2018

           68    Qualification of main market maker of funds listed on the SSE                               Shanghai Stock Exchange              January 2019

           69    Conducting credit protection contract business                                              Shanghai Stock Exchange              February 2019

           70    Conducting market making business of treasury bond futures                                            CSRC                         May 2019

            71   Pilot Program of Foreign Exchange Settlement and Sales Business                      State Administration of Foreign Exchange    August 2019




422
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
No.                                    Type of License                                             Approval Department               Years



72    Conducting credit protection certificate business                                          Shanghai Stock Exchange         December 2019

73    Conducting market making business of commodity options                                               CSRC                  December 2019

74    Conducting market making business of stock index options                                             CSRC                  December 2019

75    Conducting pilot fund investment advisory business                                                   CSRC                  February 2020
                                                                                               State Administration of Foreign
76    Conducting agency for trading of foreign exchange Business                                                                    July 2020
                                                                                                        Exchange
77    Conducting market making business of commodity futures                                               CSRC                   January 2021

78    Conducting pilot business of account management function optimization                                CSRC                  November 2021




                                                                                                                                                           About Us
79    Engaging in “Southbound Trading” business                                                            PBOC                  December 2021
                                                                                                      Shanghai Futures
80    Qualification for tier-1 dealer on commodity swap business                                                                    July 2022
                                                                                                         Exchange
81    Qualification for market making and trading business of listed securities                            CSRC                  September 2022

                               In 2023, the individual business qualifications obtained by the Company mainly include

 1    Proprietary participation in carbon emissions trading                                                CSRC                   January 2023




                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis


                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                  423
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           II. LIST OF BRANCH OFFICES AND SECURITIES BRANCHES


          1.Establishment of Securities Branch Offices of the Company

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the basic information of the establishment of securities branch offices of the
          Company is as follows:


                                                                                                                Unit: Ten Thousand Yuan     Currency: RMB

                                                                  Registered
                                                                  capital (or
                                                     Date of       working                  Person in        Contact
           No     Name            Address         establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                          Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                          investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                            6/F & 7/F, Block A,                                                                           underwriting of government
                            Feili Shidai Square                                                                           bonds, debt financing instruments
                   Anhui    Commercial             August 25,                                                             of non-financial enterprises
            1                                                       10,000       230011    Chen Zhijun    0551-64297088
                  Branch    Complex, No. 310         2014                                                                 and financial bonds (including
                            Suixi Road, Luyang                                                                            policy-bank bonds) only);
                            District, Hefei                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                          lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                          investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                          financial products.

                                                                                                                          Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                          investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                          underwriting of government
                            Room 1501, 15/F,                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
                  Beijing   Block 28, Fengsheng      May 28,                                                              of non-financial enterprises
           2                                                         500        100032     Wang Yujie      010-63211388
                  Branch    Hutong, Xicheng           2010                                                                and financial bonds (including
                            District, Beijing                                                                             policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                          margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                          lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                          investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                          financial products.

                                                                                                                          Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                          investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                          underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                          underwriting of government
                                                                                                                          bonds, debt financing instruments
                Changzhou   No. 9, North Heping      April 16,                               Yuan                         of non-financial enterprises
           3                                                        2,000       213003                    0519-81006688
                  Branch    Road, Changzhou           2014                                  Hongbin                       and financial bonds (including
                                                                                                                          policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                          margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                          lending; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                          investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                          financial products.

                                                                                                                          Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                          investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                          sale of securities investment
                                                                                                                          funds; margin financing and
                                                                                                                          securities lending business;
                                                                                                                          agency sale of financial products;
                            Unit 10D, Block A,
                                                                                                                          securities underwriting (limited
                            Tefang Portman
                                                                                                                          to ancillary works such as
                   Fujian   Wealth Center, No.    September 18,
           4                                                        2,000       361004     Ren Qiaojian   0592-5918981    project contracting, project
                  Branch    81 Zhanhong Road,          2014
                                                                                                                          information transmission and
                            Siming District,
                                                                                                                          recommendation and customer
                            Xiamen
                                                                                                                          relationship maintenance of
                                                                                                                          underwriting of government
                                                                                                                          bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                          of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                          financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                          bank bonds) only).




424
                                                                                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                              Registered
                                                              capital (or
                                                 Date of       working                  Person in       Contact
No      Name               Address            establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge         number                 Business scope
                                                                                                                      Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                      investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                      underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                      underwriting of government
                    Units 02 & 03, 36/F,                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
     Guangdong      No. 10 Huaxia Road,          May 19,                                                              of non-financial enterprises
5                                                                500        510620      Liu Yong      020-88830128
       Branch       Tianhe District,              2012                                                                and financial bonds (including
                    Guangzhou                                                                                         policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                      margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                      lending; agency sale of securities



                                                                                                                                                                     About Us
                                                                                                                      investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                      financial products.

                                                                                                                    Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                    investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                    underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                    underwriting of government
                                                                                                                    bonds, debt financing instruments
                    No. 16, Nongye Road
       Henan                                     April 16,                                                          of non-financial enterprises
6                   East, Jinshui District,                     2,000       450008      Fan Hao      0371-609598336
       Branch                                     2014                                                              and financial bonds (including
                    Zhengzhou
                                                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                    margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                    lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                    of securities investment funds;



                                                                                                                                                                  Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                    agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                      Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                      investment consulting; securities



                                                                                                                                                                   and Strategies
                                                                                                                      underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                      underwriting of government
                    3/F, Block B, Aocheng
                                                                                                                      bonds, debt financing instruments
                    International, No.
                                                                                                                      of non-financial enterprises
     Heilongjiang   239 Xuanhua Street,          May 28,
7                                                                500         150001    Wang Haibin   0451-51994000    and financial bonds (including
       Branch       Nangang District,             2010
                                                                                                                      policy-bank bonds) only); margin
                    Harbin, Heilongjiang
                                                                                                                      financing and securities lending
                    Province
                                                                                                                      business; agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                      investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                      financial products; management
                                                                                                                      of local business departments.




                                                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance
                                                                                                                      Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                      investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                      underwriting (limited to ancillary
                                                                                                                      works such as project contracting,
                                                                                                                      project information transmission
                                                                                                                      and recommendation
                    24/F, Unit 6, Building                                                                            and customer relationship
                    6-7, Wuhan 1818                                                                                   maintenance of underwriting
                    Center (Phase 2), No.                                                                             of government bonds, debt
        Hubei                                   March 19,
8                   109 Zhongbei Road,                           500        430070       Min Jie      027-87739318    financing instruments of non-
       Branch                                     2012
                    Shuiguohu Street,                                                                                 financial enterprises and financial
                    Wuchang District,                                                                                 bonds (including policy-bank
                    Wuhan                                                                                             bonds) only); margin financing
                                                                                                                      and securities lending business;
                                                                                                                      agency sale of securities
                                                                                                                      investment funds; agency sale of




                                                                                                                                                                    Financial Report and
                                                                                                                      financial products; management
                                                                                                                      of securities branches at Hubei of
                                                                                                                      Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                      Securities brokerage; securities




                                                                                                                                                                  Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                      investment consulting; agency
                    Rooms 1301-1305 &                                                                                 sale of securities investment
                    1313-1316, Buildings                                                                              funds; margin financing and
                    4 & 5, Huayuanhua                                                                                 securities lending business;
                    Center, No 36,                                                                                    agency sale of financial products;
       Hunan                                     May 27,
9                   Section 2, Middle                            500         410015     Deng Jing    0731-85120568    securities underwriting and
       Branch                                     2014
                    Xiangjiang Road,                                                                                  sponsoring (limited to ancillary
                    Tianxin District,                                                                                 works such as project contracting,
                    Changsha, Hunan                                                                                   project information transmission
                    Province                                                                                          and recommendation
                                                                                                                      and customer relationship
                                                                                                                      maintenance).




                                                                                                                                                            425
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                      Registered
                                                                      capital (or
                                                         Date of       working                  Person in      Contact
           No    Name             Address             establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge        number                Business scope

                                                                                                                            Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                            investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                            underwriting (limited to
                           Shop -3#, No. 101, 1/                                                                            underwriting of government
                           F, Podium Building,                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
                           and Nos. 1603, 1604,                                                                             of non-financial enterprises
                           1605, 1606, 1607, 16/                                                                            and financial bonds (including
                 Jiangxi   F, Office Building,        November 3,                                                           policy-bank bonds) only); margin
           10                                                            500        330002      Wan Bin     0791-86600577
                 Branch    Publishing Center,            2014                                                               financing and securities lending
                           No. 95 Lijing Road,                                                                              business; agency sale of securities
                           Honggutan District,                                                                              investment funds; intermediary
                           Nanchang City,                                                                                   introduction business for the
                           Jiangxi Province                                                                                 futures companies; agency
                                                                                                                            sale of financial products;
                                                                                                                            management of securities
                                                                                                                            branches at Jiangxi.

                                                                                                                            Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                            investment consulting; margin
                                                                                                                            financing and securities lending
                                                                                                                            business; agency sale of securities
                           Units 1, 2, 3 and 4, 15/
                                                                                                                            investment funds; intermediary
                           F, Block B, Enterprise
                                                                                                                            introduction business for the
                           Square, No. 125
                Liaoning                                 June 3,                                                            futures companies; agency
           11              Qingnian Street,                              500         110004     Chen Min     024-31881777
                 Branch                                    2011                                                             sale of financial products;
                           Shenhe District,
                                                                                                                            securities underwriting (limited
                           Shenyang City,
                                                                                                                            to underwriting of government
                           Liaoning Province
                                                                                                                            bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                            of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                            financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                            bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                                            Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                            investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                            underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                            underwriting of government
                           No. 90 Zhongshan                                                                                 bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Nanjing   Road East, Qinhuai            April 9,                                Wang                       of non-financial enterprises
           12                                                           2,000       210002                  025-84791077
                 Branch    District, Nanjing,             2010                                 Yansheng                     and financial bonds (including
                           Jiangsu Province                                                                                 policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                            margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                            lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                            of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                            agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                            Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                            investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                            underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                            underwriting of government
                           Fangtian Building,                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                Nantong    No. 6 Yaogang Road,           May 28,                                                            of non-financial enterprises
           13                                                            500        226000     Ruan Jing    0513-85529888
                 Branch    Nantong, Jiangsu               2010                                                              and financial bonds (including
                           Province                                                                                         policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                            margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                            lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                            of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                            agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                            Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                            investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                            underwriting (limited to
                           Rooms 2101 & 2104,                                                                               underwriting of government
                           21/F, Block A, Yinfeng                                                                           bonds, debt financing instruments
                Shandong   Fortune Plaza, No. 1          April 16,                                                          of non-financial enterprises
           14                                                           2,000       250061     Zhang Feng   0531-55686555
                 Branch    West Long’ao Road,             2014                                                              and financial bonds (including
                           Lixia District, Jinan                                                                            policy-bank bonds) only);
                           City                                                                                             margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                            lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                            of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                            agency sale of financial products.




426
                                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                           Registered
                                                           capital (or
                                              Date of       working                  Person in        Contact
No    Name             Address             establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                Room 2201, No. 18                                                                                  bonds, debt financing instruments
     Shanghai   Dongfang Road,                May 28,                                   Lu                         of non-financial enterprises
15                                                            500        200120                    021-28972296
      Branch    China (Shanghai)               2010                                 Chunguang                      and financial bonds (including
                Pilot Free Trade Zone                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending business; agency sale



                                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                                                                                                                   of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                8A, Fund Mansion,
                                                                                                                   contracting); securities
                No. 5999, Yitian
     Shenzhen                                March 19,                                 Wang                        investment consulting; margin
16              Road, Lianhua                                 500        518048                    0755-82492098
      Branch                                   2012                                   Lianfen                      financing and securities lending
                Street, Futian District,
                                                                                                                   business; agency sale of securities
                Shenzhen
                                                                                                                   investment funds; agency sale of
                                                                                                                   financial products.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                Rooms 2503, 2504,
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                2505, 2506, 2507



                                                                                                                                                               Operating Analysis
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                and 2508, 25/F,
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                Unit 1, Building 1,
                                                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                China Overseas
     Sichuan                                  May 19,                                                              of non-financial enterprises



                                                                                                                                                                and Strategies
17              Chinese Financial                             500         610091       Li Hui       028-8125398
     Branch                                    2012                                                                and financial bonds (including
                Center, No. 33, Jiaozi
                                                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);
                Avenue, Hitech Zone,
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                Chengdu, China
                                                                                                                   lending business; agency sale
                (Sichuan) Pilot Free
                                                                                                                   of securities investment funds;
                Trade Zone
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                4/F & 5/F, No.                                                                                     bonds, debt financing instruments




                                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
      Suzhou    102 Xinshi Road,              May 28,                                                              of non-financial enterprises
18                                                            500        215000     Liu Xiaobing   0512-67579666
      Branch    Canglang District,             2010                                                                and financial bonds (including
                Suzhou                                                                                             policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                   of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                No. 22, Yingchun                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
     Taizhou    Road West, Hailing           August 4,                                Liang                        of non-financial enterprises
19                                                           2,000       225300                    0523-86234237
     Branch     District, Taizhou,             2014                                  Qiuming                       and financial bonds (including
                Jiangsu Province                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);




                                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                   of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                   Securities brokerage; securities




                                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection
                                                                                                                   investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                   underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                   underwriting of government
                Block C-I, 5/F,
                                                                                                                   bonds, debt financing instruments
                North Finance
      Tianjin                                 May 28,                                                              of non-financial enterprises
20              Building, No. 5 Youyi                         500         300211      Li Yijun     022-59657718
      Branch                                   2010                                                                and financial bonds (including
                Avenue, Hexi District,
                                                                                                                   policy-bank bonds) only);
                Tianjin
                                                                                                                   margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                   lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                   of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                   agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                         427
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                       Registered
                                                                       capital (or
                                                          Date of       working                  Person in        Contact
           No     Name              Address            establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge          number                Business scope
                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                                                                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                              No. 325, Jiefang
                                                          June 11,                                                             of non-financial enterprises
           21   Wuxi Branch   Road West, Wuxi,                           2,000       214000      Lu Rong       0510-82723020
                                                           2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                              Jiangsu Province
                                                                                                                               policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; agency
                              Room 21401, Unit 2,                                                                              sale of securities investment
                              Building 2, CROSS                                                                                funds; margin financing and
                              Wanxianghui, No.                                                                                 securities lending; agency
                Northwest     21 Gaoxin Six Road,        August 5,                                                             sale of financial products;
           22                                                              –         710000      Liu Ming       029-88811161
                 Branch       Zhangba Sub-                 2019                                                                securities underwriting (limited
                              district Office, High-                                                                           to underwriting of government
                              Tech Zone, Xi’an,                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
                              Shaanxi Province                                                                                 of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                               financial bonds (including policy
                                                                                                                               financial bonds) only).

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                              1-301# to 1-308#,                                                                                underwriting of government
                              Building B, Baolong                                                                              bonds, debt financing instruments
                  Xuzhou      Square, No. 99              April 16,                                                            of non-financial enterprises
           23                                                            2,000        221001      Li Gang      0516-85602988
                  Branch      Heping Road,                 2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                              Yunlong District,                                                                                policy-bank bonds) only);
                              Xuzhou City                                                                                      margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                              Room 201, Building                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                Yancheng      6, Financial City, No.     March 24,                                Zhang                        of non-financial enterprises
           24                                                            2,000       224002                    0515-88216888
                 Branch       5 Century Avenue,            2014                                  Tingwen                       and financial bonds (including
                              Yancheng City                                                                                    policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                                                                                                                               underwriting of government
                              No. 406, Wenchang                                                                                bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Yangzhou     Middle Road,               August 4,                                                             of non-financial enterprises
           25                                                            2,000       225001     Ji Chunbo      0514-82196688
                  Branch      Guangling District,          2014                                                                and financial bonds (including
                              Yangzhou                                                                                         policy-bank bonds) only);
                                                                                                                               margin financing and securities
                                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;
                                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.

                                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                                               investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                                               sale of securities investment
                              6/F, Block C,                                                                                    funds; margin financing and
                              Dushi Mingyuan                                                                                   securities lending business;
                  Yunnan      Community, Middle         February 25,                                                           agency sale of financial products;
           26                                                             500        650021     Yin Tianshui   0871-65951973
                  Branch      Renmin Road,                 2014                                                                securities underwriting (limited
                              Kunming, Yunnan                                                                                  to underwriting of government
                              Province                                                                                         bonds, debt financing instruments
                                                                                                                               of non-financial enterprises and
                                                                                                                               financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                                               bank bonds) only).




428
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                        Registered
                                                        capital (or
                                           Date of       working                  Person in      Contact
No    Name             Address          establishment    capital)     Zip code     charge        number                 Business scope
                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                               investment consulting; agency
                                                                                                               sale of securities investment
                 Rooms 2801-2808,
                                                                                                               funds; margin financing and
                 Xingguangcheng,
                                                                                                               securities lending business;
                 No.1766 Binsheng
     Zhejiang                             March 25,                                                            agency sale of financial products;
27               Road, Changhe                             500        310052     Fei Yangwen   0571-86698700
      Branch                                2013                                                               securities underwriting (limited
                 Street, Binjiang
                                                                                                               to underwriting of government
                 District, Hangzhou,
                                                                                                               bonds, debt financing instruments
                 Zhejiang Province
                                                                                                               of non-financial enterprises and



                                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                                                                                               financial bonds (including policy-
                                                                                                               bank bonds) only).

                                                                                                               Securities brokerage; securities
                                                                                                               investment consulting; securities
                                                                                                               underwriting (limited to
                 Rooms 101, 201                                                                                underwriting of government
                 and 301, Building 1,                                                                          bonds, debt financing instruments
     Zhenjiang   Huangshan Yaju, No.      March 24,                                Wang                        of non-financial enterprises
28                                                        2,000       212000                   0511-85037099
      Branch     6 Huangshan South          2014                                   Jixiang                     and financial bonds (including
                 Road, Zhenjiang,                                                                              policy-bank bonds) only);
                 Jiangsu Province                                                                              margin financing and securities
                                                                                                               lending business; agency sale
                                                                                                               of securities investment funds;



                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                                                                                                               agency sale of financial products.




                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance




                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                    429
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. Number and Distribution of Securities Branches of the Company

          As of the end of the Reporting Period, the number and distribution of securities branches of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                                                                Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                                  of securities      of person in
           No.    Province        City                   Name                             Address                    Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                             1/F, Building 5, Commercial Building
                                             Securities Branch in            of Yiyuan Shijia, No. 888 Xiyou
            1                                                                                                        230022          Li Jing       0551-65175008
                                             Xiyou Road, Hefei               Road, Bijiashan Street, Shushan
                                                                             District, Hefei City, Anhui Province
                                 Hefei
                                                                             4F, Block C, Chuangxin
                                             Securities Branch in            Department, No. 2760,
            2                                                                                                        230088       Fan Huijuan      0551-62686969
                                             Chuangxin Road, Hefei           Chuangxin Road, High-tech
                                                                             District, Hefei City, Anhui Province
                                             Securities Branch in Hudong     No. 1046, Hudong Middle Road,
            3                 Ma’anshan                                                                              243000     Gao Guosheng        0555-2963619
                  Anhui 5                    Middle Road, Ma’anshan          Huashan District, Ma’anshan City
                                                                             Nos. 1112 & 1114, Commercial
                                             Securities Branch in Fengle     Block S3, No. 1118 Fengle Avenue
           4                   Chuzhou                                                                               239001        Lu Rudong        0550-3019976
                                             Avenue, Chuzhou                 (Yutianxia South Garden),
                                                                             Chuzhou City, Anhui Province
                                                                             Shop 142, 1/F, No. 203A, 2/F,
                                                                             Huijin Building, Tongling Trade
                                             Securities Branch in Huaihe
           5                   Tongling                                      Building, Middle Section of Huaihe      244000         Hu Jing         0562-2801988
                                             Avenue, Tongling
                                                                             Avenue, Tongguan District,
                                                                             Tongling City, Anhui Province
                                             Securities Branch in            Units 101 (inside 102), 201, 1-2/F,
           6                                 Dongsanhuan North Road,         Building 27, Dongsanhuan North          100062      Tang Shengrui      010-59725337
                                             Beijing                         Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                                                             Rooms 901, 902, 903, 911, 912, 9/
                                             Securities Branch in Suzhou
            7                                                                F, Weiya Building, No. 29 Suzhou        100080      Zhang Zhiqun       010-62523799
                                             Street, Beijing
                                                                             Street, Haidian District, Beijing
                                             Securities Branch in
                                                                             103, 1/F and 403, 404, 405,
                                             International Finance and
           8                                                                 4/F, No. 87 Xisanhuan North             100048         Chen Xi         010-68733708
                                             Economy Center,
                                                                             Road, Haidian District, Beijing
                                             Xisanhuan, Beijing
                                                                             Room 501, 5/F, Block F,
                  Beijing 7     Beijing      Securities Branch in            Room 116, 1/F, & Room 216, 2/F,
           9                                                                                                         100007     Zhao Youqiang       010-84273989
                                             Yonghe Temple, Beijing          Block D, No. 28 Andingmen East
                                                                             Street, Dongcheng District, Beijing
                                                                             3/F Wanfeng Yihe Business Club,
                                             Securities Branch in Yuetan
           10                                                                No. 12A Yuetan South Street,            100045      Yang Junpeng       010-68058688
                                             South Street, Beijing
                                                                             Xicheng District, Beijing
                                                                             Room 107, 1/F, Room 309, 3/F, No.
                                             Securities Branch in Xueyuan
            11                                                               62 Xueyuan South Road, Haidian           100081       Liu Zhifen       010-82263313
                                             South Road, Beijing
                                                                             District, Beijing
                                                                             No. D1003, 10/F (inside 101), 1/F,
                                             Securities Branch in
           12                                                                Building 1, No. 1 Yard, Tianchen East    100081     Wang Xiaodan       010-84274002
                                             Tianchen East Road, Beijing
                                                                             Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                                                             No. 87, Huanghe Street, Xitu
                                             Securities Branch in
           13                                                                Hightech Zone, Baotou City, Inner       014040      Cao Mingdong       0472-4136027
                                             Huanghe Street, Baotou
                                                                             Mongolia Autonomous Region
                                Baotou
                                                                             2/F, No. 15 Gangtie Street, Qingshan
                                             Securities Branch in Gangtie
           14                                                                District, Baotou City, Inner Mongolia    014010       Ma Xiaoju        0472-6867886
                   Inner                     Street, Baotou
                                                                             Autonomous Region
                 Mongolia 3
                                                                             Room 1707, 17/F, Block A, Wanda
                                             Securities Branch in Xinhua     Plaza Complex, No. 26,
           15                   Hohhot       East Street, Saihan District,   Xinhua East Street, Saihan               010010        Qi Hong         0471-3251997
                                             Hohhot                          District, Hohhot City, Inner
                                                                             Mongolia Autonomous Region
                                                                             Unit 0-103A, Commercial Podium
                                                                             of Office Building (1/F), Zhongjiao
                                             Securities Branch in Ziqiang
           16     Hebei 1     Shijiazhuang                                   Fortune Center T1/T2, No. 118           050051       Han Jiancai       0311-66788203
                                             Road, Shijiazhuang
                                                                             Ziqiang Road, Qiaoxi District,
                                                                             Shijiazhuang City, Hebei Province
                                                                             19/F, Block 3, Zhengxiang Center,
                                             Securities Branch in North
           17                   Fuzhou                                       No. 153 North Wuyi Road, Shuibu         350009        Wei Xiang       0591-88037887
                                             Wuyi Road, Fuzhou
                                                                             Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou City
                                                                             Units 705-707, Building 1, Zhongjun
                                             Securities Branch in Jinhuai
           18     Fujian 4     Quanzhou                                      Square, No. 16 Jinhuai Street, Fengze   362000      Jiang Yongjun      0595-22187188
                                             Street, Quanzhou
                                                                             District, Quanzhou, Fujian Province
                                                                             Rooms 201 & 202, Unit One, Block
                                             Securities Branch in Xiahe
           19                   Xiamen                                       B, Haiyi Building, No. 668 Xiahe        361004       Lv Yuexiang       0592-2997398
                                             Road, Xiamen
                                                                             Road, Siming District, Xiamen City




430
                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                  of securities      of person in
No.    Province     City                 Name                              Address                   Zip code      branches             charge



                                                              Room 101, Room 403, Room 404,
                              Securities Branch in Shuixian   Building B, No. 88 Shuixian Street,
20     Fujian 4   Zhangzhou                                                                          363000       Liu Huafeng      0596-2900350
                              Avenue, Zhangzhou               Longwen District, Zhangzhou
                                                              City, Fujian Province

                                                              Units 1203-1206, 12/F, Huaya
                                                              Financial Center, No. 8 Denghu
                              Securities Branch in Denghu
21                 Foshan                                     East Road, Guicheng Street,            528200        Yang Siyu       0757-29808978
                              East Road, Foshan
                                                              Nanhai District, Foshan City
                                                              (subject to domicile declaration)



                                                                                                                                                             About Us
                                                              17/F (self-edited rooms 05,
                              Securities Branch in Zhujiang   06 and 07), No. 15 Zhujiang
22                                                                                                   510000     Zheng Chengbin      020-37279969
                              West Avenue, Guangzhou          West Avenue, Tianhe District,
                                                              Guangzhou City

                                                              Rooms 2304, 2305, 2306 and
                              Securities Branch in Pazhou
23                                                            2307, No. 109 Pazhou Avenue,           510440      Zhu Daoming        020-39213388
                              Avenue, Guangzhou
                                                              Haizhu District, Guangzhou City

                              Securities Branch in Middle     Rooms 3205 and 3206, No. 307
24                            Guangzhou Avenue,               Middle Guangzhou Avenue,               510220          Liu Li         020-84133637
                              Guangzhou                       Yuexiu District, Guangzhou City

                                                              Rooms S1201 & 1218-23, 12/F, South




                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                              Securities Branch in Huanshi    Tower, No. 371-375 Huanshi East
25                                                                                                   510060       Cheng Feng        020-83853823
                  Guangzhou   East Road, Guangzhou            Road, Yuexiu District, Guangzhou
                                                              City, Guangdong Province




                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                                                              Rooms 906-911, No. 222-3,
                              Securities Branch in Xingmin
26                                                            Xingmin Road, Tianhe District,         510620         Lin Hao         020-89286707
                              Road, Guangzhou
                                                              Guangzhou

                                                              Units 03-1, 05, 06 and 07, 36/F,
                                                              Yuehai Tianhecheng Building
                              Securities Branch in
27                                                            (namely, Tianhecheng East              510620         Tang Jia        020-22031389
                              Tianhecheng, Guangzhou
                                                              Tower), No. 208 Tianhe Road,
                                                              Tianhe District, Guangzhou City

                              Securities Branch in            Rooms 4002, 4003 & 4004, No.
28                            Yuncheng West Road,             888 Yuncheng West Road,                510420       Luo Fanglin       020-86273767
                              Guangzhou                       Baiyun District, Guangzhou City




                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                                                              No. 2 of Unit 01, 1/F, Block 3,
                              Securities Branch in
      Guangdong                                               Zima Benteng Square, No. 2
29                Zhongshan   Zhongshan Fifth Road,                                                  528403        Liao Xiwu       0760-89823338
          23                                                  Zhongshan Fifth Road, Eastern
                              Zhongshan
                                                              District, Zhongshan City

                                                              Rooms 103 and 202, North Tower,
                                                              China Resources Building,
                              Securities Branch in
30                 Shantou                                    No. 95 Changping Road,                  515041        Chen Yu        0754-89898179
                              Changping Road, Shantou
                                                              Longhu District, Shantou City,
                                                              Guangdong Province

                                                              Rooms 101, 102, 201, 202, 301
                                                              and 402, Building B7, Qianhai
                                                              Shenzhen-Hong Kong Fund
                              Securities Branch in Qianhai,   Town, No. 128 Guiwan Fifth
31                                                                                                    518031      Cheng Tao        0755-25889919
                              Shenzhen                        Road, Nanshan Sub-district,
                                                              Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong




                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                                                              Cooperation Zone, Shenzhen
                                                              City

                                                              1/F & 2/F, Block 3, Fuyuan Building,
                              Securities Branch in Caitian
32                                                            No. 2014-9 Caitian Road, Futian        518026       Ma Jianmin       0755-82993655
                              Road, Shenzhen
                                                              District, Shenzhen City




                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
                                                              Rooms L1805 & L1806, China
                              Securities Branch in China      Resources Building, No. 2666
                  Shenzhen
33                            Resources Building, Keyuan      Keyuan South Road, Haizhu              518059       Li Xiaoshan      0755-86270363
                              South Road, Shenzhen            Community, Yuehai Sub-district,
                                                              Nanshan District, Shenzhen

                                                              101S & 102S, Block 2, Vanke Times
                                                              Square, Shangjing Community,
                              Securities Branch in            Longcheng Subdistrict,
34                                                                                                    518172        Ye Qing        0755-85205902
                              Longgang Avenue, Shenzhen       Longgang District, Shenzhen City
                                                              (at the junction of Longgang
                                                              Avenue and Longcheng Avenue)

                                                              33/F, East Tower, Baidu
                              Securities Branch in Baidu
                                                              International Building, Xuefu
35                            International Building,                                                518040        Gao Jian        0755-82531008
                                                              Road East, Yuehai Street,
                              Keyuan Road, Shenzhen
                                                              Nanshan District, Shenzhen City




                                                                                                                                                    431
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                             Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                               of securities      of person in
           No.    Province     City                  Name                              Address                    Zip code      branches             charge



                                                                         Room 2501A, Block B, Phase I
                                                                         Donghai International Center, No.
                                         Securities Branch in Shennan
           36                                                            7888 Shennan Road, Donghai               518040     Cao Mengming       0755-82719339
                                         Avenue, Shenzhen
                                                                         Community, Xiangmihu Street,
                                                                         Futian District, Shenzhen City

                                                                         Rooms 2904, 2905 and 2906,
                                                                         Block D, China Resources Land
                                         Securities Branch in China
                                                                         Building, No. 19 Kefa Road,
           37                            Resources Land Building,                                                 518057        Song Tao        0755-25870808
                                                                         Dachong Community, Yuehai
                                         Shennan Avenue, Shenzhen
                                                                         Sub-district, Nanshan District,
                                                                         Shenzhen

                                                                         BC, 9/F, Block A, CIS Commercial
                                         Securities Branch in Hongli     Center, No. 1061 Xiangmei Road,
           38                                                                                                     518000        Gu Guoxu        0755-82027636
                                         Road, Shenzhen                  Xiangmihu Street, Futian District,
                                                                         Shenzhen City

                                         Securities Branch in Fund       8B, Fund Building, No. 5999 Yitian
           39                            Building, Shennan Avenue,       Road, Lianhua Street, Futian             518053        Xiao Kang        0755-23819115
                 Guangdong               Shenzhen                        District, Shenzhen City
                             Shenzhen
                     23                                                  Rooms 2201-2212 & 2501-2512,
                                         Securities Branch in            Building A, Rongchao Business
           40                            Rongchao Business Center,       Center, No. 6003 Yitian Road,            518026        Wu Sheng        0755-83767319
                                         Yitian Road, Shenzhen           Fuxin Community, Lianhua Street,
                                                                         Futian District, Shenzhen City

                                                                         Flats 02, 03, 04, 17/F, China Travel
                                         Securities Branch in Yitian     Service HK Building, No. 4011
           41                                                                                                     518048       Shen Jiayan      0755-82766159
                                         Road, Shenzhen                  Shennan Avenue, Futian District,
                                                                         Shenzhen City

                                                                         Units 04 and 05, 70/F, Ping An
                                         Securities Branch in Zhuzilin   Finance Center, No. 5033 Yitian
           42                                                                                                      518041    Wang Shaolian      0755-369960908
                                         4th Road, Shenzhen              Road, Fu’an Community, Futian
                                                                         Street, Futian District, Shenzhen City

                                                                         Units 1203, 1205 and 1206,
                                                                         Xizhilang Building, No. 3033
                                         Securities Branch in Zhongxin
           43                                                            Zhongxin Road, Weilan Coast              518048       Chen Shun         0755-27247971
                                         Road, Houhai, Shenzhen
                                                                         Community, Yuehai Street,
                                                                         Nanshan District, Shenzhen

                                                                         Rooms 702-704, 7/F, South
                                                                         Office Building, Nanning China
                                         Securities Branch in Minzu
           44                 Nanning                                    Resources Center, No. 136-5,             530029        Wu Shiyan        0771-5570215
                                         Avenue, Nanning
                                                                         Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District,
                 Guangxi 2                                               Nanning

                                                                         Business office No. 3-2 and
                                         Securities Branch in Xidi 3rd   business apartment Nos. 2801-
           45                 Wuzhou                                                                              543002       Qin Shumin        0774-3862288
                                         Road, Wuzhou                    2809, 1/F, No. 19 Xidi 3rd Road,
                                                                         Wuzhou City

                                                                         Room 3807, 38/F, New Hainan
                                         Securities Branch in Guoxing    Building, No. 5 Guoxing Road,
           46                 Haikou                                                                              570102         He Ruijin      0898-66202789
                                         Road, Haikou                    Meilan District, Haikou City,
                                                                         Hainan Province
                  Hainan 2
                                                                         Unit 1201, Yangguang Financial
                                         Securities Branch in Yingbin    Square, No. 360-1 Yingbin Road,
           47                 Sanya                                                                                572021      Zhao Yang        0898-88211669
                                         Road, Sanya                     Jiyang District, Sanya City,
                                                                         Hainan Province

                                                                         Room 301, 3/F, Block C, Juxin
                                                                         International, No. 331 Changzhi
                                         Securities Branch in            Road, Xuefu Industrial Park,
           48     Shanxi 1    Taiyuan                                                                             030001       Wang Guoqi        0351-7775553
                                         Changzhi Road, Taiyuan          Shanxi Transformation
                                                                         Comprehensive Reform
                                                                         Demonstration Zone

                                                                         Guanghui Building, No. 15,
                                         Securities Branch in Jingsan
           49                                                            Jingsan Road, Jinshui District,          450003         Yu Dong        0371-65585009
                                         Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                         Zhengzhou City

                                                                         No. 101, Floors 1-2, Building 1, No.
                                         Securities Branch in Nongye
           50                                                            16, East Nongye Road, Jinshui            450000         Zhou Rui        0371-60958371
                  Henan 3    Zhengzhou   Road, Zhengzhou
                                                                         District, Zhengzhou City

                                                                         Nos.107 & 305, Kailin Building, No.
                                         Securities Branch in Ruyi       99 Ruyi West Road, Zhengzhou
           51                                                                                                     450008       Xia Mengfei      0371-58670567
                                         West Road, Zhengzhou            District (Zhengdong), Henan Pilot
                                                                         Free Trade Zone




432
                                                                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                    Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                      of securities      of person in
No.    Province         City                  Name                             Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                  No. 15, West 16th Street, Daoli
                                  Securities Branch in West
52                                                                District, Harbin City, Heilongjiang     150010         Li Yan         0451-51531355
                                  16th Street, Harbin
                                                                  Province
                       Harbin                                     Floors 1-2, Block B, Aocheng
                                  Securities Branch in Xuanhua    International, No. 239, Xuanhua
53                                                                                                        150001     Wang Qishen       0451-51998768
                                  Street, Harbin                  Street, Nangang District, Harbin
                                                                  City

                                                                  No. 236, Xiyitiao Road, Xi’an
                                  Securities Branch in Xiyitiao
54                   Mudanjiang                                   District, Mudanjiang City,              157001       Ma Xiuhui        0453-8111898


                                                                                                                                                                 About Us
      Heilongjiang                Road, Mudanjiang
                                                                  Heilongjiang Province
            5
                                                                  Zhengyang South 10th Street,
                                  Securities Branch in            No. 3, Zhaodong, Suihua City,
55                     Suihua     Zhengyang Street,               Heilongjiang Province (Office of        151100       Sun Peng         0455-8182228
                                  Zhaodong, Suihua                ICBC Zhaodong Branch on the
                                                                  2/F)

                                                                  Commercial Service Building S10,
                                  Securities Branch in Xinchao    Xinchao Jiayuan Community
56                    Daqing                                                                             163400        Zheng Ye         0459-8971477
                                  Street, Daqing                  Phase I, Ranghulu District, Daqing
                                                                  City, Heilongjiang Province
                                                                  No. 855, Minkang Road,
                                  Securities Branch in




                                                                                                                                                              Operating Analysis
57                                                                Nanguan District, Changchun             130041       Cheng Bo         0431-81910599
                                  Minkang Road, Changchun
                                                                  City
                     Changchun
                                                                  No. 1000, Ziyou Avenue,
                                  Securities Branch in Ziyou
58                                                                Chaoyang District, Changchun            130021       Guo Jiayin       0431-81919187




                                                                                                                                                               and Strategies
         Jilin 3                  Avenue, Changchun
                                                                  City
                                                                  Branch No. 7, Dongchang
                                  Securities Branch in Jiefang    Complex Building 2, No. 62
59                      Jilin                                                                             132001      Zhou Laiying     0432-65128799
                                  East Road, Jilin City           Jiefang East Road, Changyi
                                                                  District, Jilin City, Jilin Province
                                  Securities Branch in Zijin      No. 1, Zijin Road, Anlu City, Hubei
60                                                                                                       432600        Zou Yizhao       0712-5231718
                                  Road, Anlu                      Province
                                  Securities Branch in Xiyue      Xiyue Avenue, Dawu County,
61                                                                                                       432800      Chen Junhong       0712-7226466
                                  Avenue, Dawu                    Hubei Province
                                  Securities Branch in Xiannv     No. 215, Xiannv Avenue,
62                                                                                                       431600        Si Guoyao        0712-8296358
                                  Avenue, Hanchuan                Hanchuan City, Hubei Province




                                                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance
                                  Securities Branch in
                                                                  No. 29, Changzheng Road,
63                    Xiaogan     Changzheng Road,                                                       432000     Zhang Hongkai       0712-2326827
                                                                  Xiaogan City, Hubei Province
                                  Xiaogan
                                                                  Shop 20, Gucheng Xindu,
                                  Securities Branch in West       Gucheng Avenue, Chengzhong
64                                                                                                       432400      Pan Jianping       0712-3226017
                                  Main Street, Yingcheng          Street, Yingcheng City, Xiaogan
                                                                  City, Hubei Province
                                  Securities Branch in            No. 1, Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng
65                                                                                                       432500        Long Nina        0712-4338338
                                  Chaoyang Road, Yunmeng          County, Hubei Province
                                  Securities Branch in Jingui     No. 15, Jingui Avenue, Enshi City,
66                                                                                                       445000         Feng Bo         0718-8237528
                                  Avenue, Enshi                   Hubei Province
                                  Securities Branch in Yezhou     No. 109, Yezhou Avenue, Yezhou
67                                                                                                       445300        Chen Yan         0718-3230098
                                  Avenue, Jianshi                 Town, Jianshi County
       Hubei 28                                                   No. 5 Chutian Road, Badong
                                  Securities Branch in            County, Enshi Tujia and Miao




                                                                                                                                                                Financial Report and
68                                                                                                       444300     Zhang Zhenqian      0718-8239026
                                  Chutian Road, Badong            Autonomous Prefecture, Hubei
                       Enshi                                      Province
                                  Securities Branch in            No. 87, Fengxiang Avenue,
69                                                                                                       445700       Zhou Bingjie      0718-6288118
                                  Fengxiang Avenue, Laifeng       Laifeng County




                                                                                                                                                              Documents for Inspection
                                                                  Rooms 106 and 107, Block 8,
                                                                  Nanbin Garden, No. 66 Nanbin
                                  Securities Branch in Nanbin
70                                                                Avenue, Group 1, Wangjiawan            445400       Qin Xiqiong       0718-7283339
                                  Avenue, Lichuan
                                                                  Village, Dongcheng Subdistrict
                                                                  Office, Lichuan City
                                                                  No. 14, Floor 1-2, Building 2,
                                  Securities Branch in Middle     Xiangxie Lidu, Middle Jiangjin
71                                                                                                       434000      Zhou Wenting       0716-8249551
                                  Jiangjin Road, Jingzhou         Road, Shashi District, Jingzhou
                      Jingzhou                                    City

                                  Securities Branch in            No. 88, Bijiashan Road, Xiulin
72                                                                                                       434400        Zuo Feng         0716-7282593
                                  Bijiashan Road, Shishou         Agency, Shishou City

                                  Securities Branch in
                                                                  No. 29, Chaoyang Middle Road,
73                     Shiyan     Chaoyang Middle Road,                                                  442000      Zhang Xingxin      0719-8688188
                                                                  Maojian District, Shiyan City
                                  Shiyan




                                                                                                                                                        433
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                       Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                         of securities      of person in
           No.   Province      City                 Name                           Address                  Zip code      branches             charge


                                         Securities Branch in Minzu    No. 1 Minzu Avenue, Hongshan
           74                                                                                               430074          Xu Hui         027-87575660
                                         Avenue, Wuhan                 District, Wuhan City
                                                                       R1, 1/F and R1-R3, 2/F, Shipping
                                         Securities Branch in          International Plaza, No. 250
           75                                                                                               430032          Li Pan         027-83632286
                                         Jianghan Road, Wuhan          Jianghan Road, Jiang’an
                                                                       District, Wuhan City
                                                                       Rooms 03 and 04, 1/F, Unit 3,
                                                                       Building 1, Vanke Jinyu Huafu,
                                         Securities Branch in Youyi
           76                                                          No. 29 Fangji Road, Yangyuan         430080        Wang Kai        027-86880966
                                         Avenue, Wuhan
                                                                       Street, Wuchang District,
                                                                       Wuhan City
                              Wuhan                                    A103-A111, 1/F and A205-A208, 2/
                                                                       F, Tower A, Huigu Building, No.
                                         Securities Branch in Gaoxin
           77                                                          768 Gaoxin Avenue, Donghu            430060         Li Qiaoni       027-88133377
                                         Avenue, Wuhan
                                                                       New Technology Development
                                                                       Zone, Wuhan City
                                                                       Room 1F-21, 1/F and Room
                                                                       5-13, 15/F, Building 3, Disiman
                                         Securities Branch in Wuluo
           78                                                          International Center, No. 421,       430070       Liu Hongyan       027-87816068
                                         Road, Wuhan
                                                                       Wuluo Road, Wuchang District,
                                                                       Wuhan City
                                         Securities Branch in Xinhua   No. 314, Xinhua Road, Jianghan
           79                                                                                               430015       Zhang Feng       027-85558889
                                         Road, Wuhan                   District, Wuhan City
                 Hubei 28
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                       No. 19, Changhong North Road,
           80                Xiangyang   Changhong North Road,                                              441000       Zhang Suicui      0710-3278298
                                                                       Hightech Zone, Xiangyang City
                                         Xiangyang
                                                                       Shops 101 & 102, 1/F and No.
                                         Securities Branch             201, 2/F, Building 8, No. 91-36
           81                            in Dongmen Road,              Dongmen Road, Huangzhou              438000          Ning Yi        0713-8613915
                                         Huanggang                     District, Huanggang City, Hubei
                                                                       Province
                             Huanggang                                 Shops 101-104 and 201-203,
                                         Securities Branch in Minzhu   Building 3, Guoding Mansion,
           82                                                                                               435400         Xu Jian         0713-6758589
                                         Road, Wuxue                   No. 138-17 Minzhu Road, Wuxue
                                                                       City, Hubei Province
                                         Securities Branch in          No. 33, Ronghui Road, Macheng
           83                                                                                               438300         Zou Rui         0713-2772385
                                         Ronghui Road, Macheng         City, Hubei Province
                                         Securities Branch in Zilong   No. 59, Zilong Road, Dangyang                        Wang
           84                                                                                               444100                         0717-3252238
                                         Road, Dangyang                City, Hubei Province                               Zhenpeng
                                         Securities Branch in Xiling   No. 10, Xiling First Road, Yichang
           85                                                                                               443000        Wang Lin         0717-6237358
                                         First Road, Yichang           City
                              Yichang    Securities Branch in          No. 167, Changjiang Avenue,
           86                                                                                               443300        Hu Dewen         0717-4836899
                                         Changjiang Avenue, Yidu       Lucheng, Yidu City
                                                                       Junction of Tuanjie Road and
                                         Securities Branch in Park
           87                                                          Park Road, Majiadian, Zhijiang       443200        Yang Run         0718-4200539
                                         Road, Zhijiang
                                                                       City
                                                                       Units 30028-30032, Fuxing
                                                                       Commercial Plaza, No. 303,
                                         Securities Branch in Furong
           88                Changsha                                  Section 1, Furong Middle Road,       410007       Tang Jingyu      0731-85561098
                                         Middle Road, Changsha
                                                                       Kaifu District, Changsha City,
                                                                       Hunan Province
                 Hunan 3
                                         Securities Branch in          Beside to the Local Tax Bureau,
           89                            Tianyue Avenue, Pingjiang,    Tianyue Avenue, Pingjiang            414500      Chen Muyuan        0730-6297006
                              Yueyang    Yueyang                       County, Yueyang City
                                         Securities Branch in          3/F, Jiamei Building, Wulipai,
           90                                                                                               414000       Chen Siyuan       0730-8240599
                                         Wulipai, Yueyang              Yueyang City
                                                                       No. 111, Supu Road, Donghu
                                         Securities Branch in Supu
           91                                                          District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi     330006          Wu Di         0791-86270340
                                         Road, Nanchang
                                                                       Province
                                                                       North side of Room 104 and
                                                                       Room 204, No. 2 Office and
                             Nanchang
                                                                       Commerce Building, Xinghehui
                                         Securities Branch in Fenghe
           92                                                          Business Center, No. 1333 Fenghe     330100         Han Tao         0791-83751699
                                         Middle Avenue, Nanchang
                                                                       Middle Avenue, Honggutan New
                 Jiangxi 3
                                                                       District, Nanchang City, Jiangxi
                                                                       Province
                                                                       Shops 1-1, 1-10, 2-1 and
                                                                       2-10, Building 1, Yangming
                                         Securities Branch in M&A      International Center,
           93                 Ganzhou                                                                       341000        Liu Jingwei     0797-5886858
                                         Fund Park, Ganzhou            Zhangjiang New Zone,
                                                                       Zhanggong District, Ganzhou
                                                                       City, Jiangxi Province




434
                                                                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                               Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                 of securities      of person in
No.   Province       City                Name                             Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                               Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 2, Dongheng Street,
94                             Dongheng Street,                                                     213003         Yang Lu          18106123792
                                                             Changzhou City
                               Changzhou
                               Securities Branch in Heping
95                                                           No. 9, Heping North Road               213000         Jing Wei        0519-85522173
                               North Road, Changzhou
                                                             Nos. 1-10, 11, 12, 26, 27 and 28,
                               Securities Branch in Taihu
96                                                           Fuchen Park, Taihu East Road,          213000         Yan Yao        0519-86921660
                               East Road, Changzhou
                                                             Xinbei District, Changzhou City
                   Changzhou
                               Securities Branch             A-101 and 201, No. 137 Huayuan



                                                                                                                                                            About Us
97                             in Huayuan Street,            Street, Wujin District, Changzhou       213159     Zou Wenjuan        0519-81000818
                               Changzhou                     City, Jiangsu Province
                                                             Nos. 109, 110, 111 and 112, Building
                               Securities Branch in
98                                                           1, Binhe Xingcheng, Jintan             213200       Yao Haitang      0519-82696969
                               Nanhuan First Road, Jintan
                                                             District, Changzhou City
                               Securities Branch in South
99                                                           No. 91, South Street, Liyang City      213300       Shi Yuefeng        18961106969
                               Street, Liyang
                                                             Shops 1004-1006, and Rooms
                               Securities Branch in East
100                                                          801-814, Building 1, Huifeng           223301          Hu Xi         0517-83907888
                               Huahai Road, Huaian
                                                             Central Plaza, Huaian City
                               Securities Branch in          Rooms 2, 3, 4, Building 2,
101                            Chengde North Road,           Chengde Mansion, Huaiyin               223300          Yu Le         0517-84908988




                                                                                                                                                         Operating Analysis
                               Huaiyin, Huaian               District, Huaian City
                                                             Rooms 103 and 104, Building
                               Securities Branch in Hongri   Z02, Xin Lian Yi Pin, Zhong Lian
102                 Huaian                                                                          223400         Yang Fei       0517-82660908
                               Avenue, Lianshui, Huaian      One City, Lianshui County,



                                                                                                                                                          and Strategies
                                                             Huaian
                               Securities Branch in
                                                             No. 1007 Xiangyu Avenue,
103                            Xiangyu Avenue, Huai’an                                              223200        Li Naigen        0517-85198077
                                                             Huaian District, Huaian City
                               District, Huaian
                                                             No. 45, Huaihe East Road,
                               Securities Branch in Huaihe
104                                                          Xucheng Town, Xuyi County,              211700        Kang Le         0517-88219875
                               East Road, Xuyi, Huaian
                                                             Huaian City, Jiangsu Province
                                                             Room 6, Building 109,
                                                             Guangcheng Oriental City,
                               Securities Branch in
105                                                          No. 99 Zhenzhu South Road,              211200     Li Guangxiang      025-56235323
                               Zhenzhu South Road, Lishui
                                                             Yongyang Town, Lishui District,




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance
      Jiangsu 92
                                                             Nanjing City
                               Securities Branch in          Room 1901, No. 39
106                            Qingliangmen Street,          Qingliangmen, Gulou District,          210036      Zhang Haiqiao      025-86586116
                               Nanjing                       Nanjing City
                               Securities Branch in          1/F & 2/F, No. 99 Changjiang
107                                                                                                 210005         Xing Qin        025-84798478
                               Changjiang Road, Nanjing      Road, Nanjing City
                                                             No. 188-6, Baota Road, Chunxi
                               Securities Branch in Baota
108                                                          Town, Gaochun District, Nanjing         211300       Jiang Lai        025-56816719
                               Road, Gaochun, Nanjing
                                                             City, Jiangsu Province
                                                             No. 6, Wenlan Road, Xianlin
                               Securities Branch in Wenlan
109                                                          University Town, Qixia District,       210024        Li Boyang        025-58010075
                               Road, Nanjing
                                                             Nanjing
                               Securities Branch in Lushan   No. 168, Lushan Road, Jianye
110                                                                                                 210029     Jiang Xianming      025-83539789
                               Road, Nanjing                 District, Nanjing City
                                                             12/F, Block N, Nanjing Zendai




                                                                                                                                                           Financial Report and
                               Securities Branch in Minzhi
111                                                          Hima Centre, No. 2 Minzhi Road,        210002        Li Guoping       025-86895618
                    Nanjing    Road, Nanjing
                                                             Yuhuatai District, Nanjing
                                                             Rooms 801-805, Building
                               Securities Branch in
                                                             8, Fortune Plaza II, No. 228
112                            Tianyuan East Road,                                                   211100       Hou Jiarui       025-83389130




                                                                                                                                                         Documents for Inspection
                                                             Tianyuan East Road, Chunhua
                               Jiangning, Nanjing
                                                             Street, Jiangning, Nanjing City
                                                             Room 202A, Guanghua
                               Securities Branch in
113                                                          Building, No. 39 Daguang Road,          210016         Li Ying       025-84636866
                               Daguang Road, Nanjing
                                                             Qinhuai District, Nanjing City
                               Securities Branch in          9/F, Building 1, No. 12 Xiongzhou
114                            Xiongzhou West Road,          West Road, Xiongzhou Street,            211500     Xie Xiangshun      025-57115051
                               Liuhe, Nanjing                Liuhe District, Nanjing City
                                                             12/F, Building A, Yunmi City, No.
                               Securities Branch in          19 Ningshuang Road, Yuhuatai
115                                                                                                 210007       Xu Minfeng       025-84480958
                               Ningshuang Road, Nanjing      District, Nanjing City, Jiangsu
                                                             Province
                               The Second Securities         Room 801, Panda Building,
116                            Branch in Zhongshan East      No. 301 Zhongshan East Road,           210008       Yang Haikun       025-84701234
                               Road, Nanjing                 Xuanwu District, Nanjing City
                               Securities Branch in
117                                                          No. 26, Zhimaying, Nanjing City        210004      Chu Dongbing       025-52210618
                               Zhimaying, Nanjing




                                                                                                                                                   435
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                        Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                          of securities      of person in
           No.   Province       City               Name                            Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                         Securities Branch in          No. 255, Zhonghua Road,
           118                                                                                                210001      Wang Huan         025-52230208
                                         Zhonghua Road, Nanjing        Nanjing City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in Huatai
                                                                       25/F, No. 90 East Zhongshan
           119                           Securities Building, East                                           210009        Xu Yiping        025-84718112
                                                                       Road, Qinhuai District, Nanjing
                                         Zhongshan Road, Nanjing
                                                                       Room 902, 9/F, Building
                                                                       D, Nanjing Yangtze River
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                       International Shipping Center,
           120                           Zhenghe Middle Road,                                                210003     Zhang Anzhong       025-83539292
                                                                       No. 118, Zhenghe Middle Road;
                                         Nanjing
                                                                       No. 3-15-2, Yongning Street,
                              Nanjing                                  Gulou District, Nanjing
                                                                       South Side of 1/F, Block
                                                                       A1, Jiangning Jiulonghu
                                         Securities Branch in Suyuan   International Corporate
           121                           Avenue, Jiangning District,   Headquarters Park, No. 19              210037        Tao Kan         025-83581116
                                         Nanjing                       Suyuan Avenue, Jiangning
                                                                       Economic and Technological
                                                                       Development Zone, Nanjing City
                                                                       Room 3004, Building 1, No. 11
                                         Securities Branch in Pukou
           122                                                         Pukou Avenue, Jiangpu Street,         210032       Ma Qiaoping       025-83176012
                                         Avenue, Nanjing
                                                                       Pukou District, Nanjing
                                                                       No. 231, Changjiang Road,
                                         Securities Branch in
           123                                                         Haimen Town, Haimen City,             226100          Xu Ke         0513-82227766
                                         Changjiang Road, Haimen
                                                                       Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in Middle   No. 93, Middle Changjiang Road,
           124                           Changjiang Road, Hai’an,      Hai’an Town, Hai’an County,           226600        Zhai Jiping     0513-88856678
                                         Nantong                       Nantong City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                       Rooms 2404-2405, South
                                         Securities Branch in
           125                                                         Building, Harmony City, No. 57        226000         Sha Fei         0513-85126758
                                         Gongnong Road, Nantong
                                                                       Gongnong Road, Nantong City
                                                                       East half of the 2/F, Jinxin
                                         Securities Branch in Middle   Building, No. 79, Middle Renmin
           126                                                                                               226001         Fan Ying        0513-85123188
                                         Renmin Road, Nantong          Road, Chongchuan District,
                                                                       Nantong City
                                                                       Southern section of the 4/F,
                                         Securities Branch in
                 Jiangsu 92                                            Room 101, Zhongyang Plaza, No. 2
           127                           Jianghai Road, Rudong,                                              226400       Shi Shushu       0513-84883333
                                                                       East Jianghai Road, Chengzhong
                              Nan Tong   Nantong
                                                                       Street, Rudong County
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                       Room 101, Block 2, Jinhaiyuan,
           128                           Shanghai East Road,                                                 226009         Zhu Bing       0513-85895597
                                                                       Development Zone, Nantong City
                                         Nantong
                                         Securities Branch in New      Office 01B-2, No. 170, New
           129                           Century Avenue, Tongzhou,     Century Avenue, High-tech             226300           Ji Xi        0513-81692959
                                         Nantong                       Zone, Nantong
                                         Securities Branch in          No. 6, Yaogang Road, Nantong
           130                                                                                               226006         Gu Zhun        0513-85580999
                                         Yaogang Road, Nantong         City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                       No. 505, Middle Renmin Road,
                                         Securities Branch in Middle
           131                                                         Huilong Town, Qidong City,            226200        Yao Liang       0513-83652208
                                         Renmin Road, Qidong
                                                                       Jiangsu Province
                                                                       Rooms 2-1 & 2-2, Complex
                                         Securities Branch in Fushou   Building, Chengjian Jiayuan                          Wang
           132                                                                                               226500                        0513-87335888
                                         Road, Rugao                   Phase III, Rucheng Town, Rugao                     Yongsheng
                                                                       City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                       No. 18, Jinshajiang Road,
           133                           Jinshajiang Road,                                                   215500       Zhang Zhen       0512-67579766
                                                                       Changshu City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Changshu
                                                                       Room 3-1, 1/F and Room 20, 3/
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                       F, Building 3, Yujing Mansion,
           134                           Heilongjiang North Road,                                            215300        Liu Xinglin      0512-55219166
                                                                       No. 8 Heilongjiang North Road,
                                         Kunshan
                                                                       Kunshan Development Zone
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                       No. 1359, Ganjiang West Road,
           135                           Ganjiang West Road,                                                 215004        Lu Renyan        0512-68270515
                               Suzhou                                  Suzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                         Suzhou
                                                                       2/F, Building 2, Jinri Jiayuan (No.
                                         Securities Branch in Heshan
           136                                                         56, Heshan Road), Hightech            215000        Zhang Lin       0512-68785488
                                         Road, Suzhou
                                                                       Zone, Suzhou City
                                         Securities Branch in Renmin   No. 1925, Renmin Road, Suzhou
           137                                                                                                215001         Pan Yi        0512-52895998
                                         Road, Suzhou                  City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                       29A, Modern Media Plaza,
                                         Securities Branch in East
           138                                                         No. 265 East Suzhou Avenue,           215028       Gong Chen        0512-67248873
                                         Suzhou Avenue, Suzhou
                                                                       Suzhou Industrial Park




436
                                                                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                              Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                of securities      of person in
No.   Province      City                Name                             Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                            No. 102, Xinshi Road, Canglang
                             Securities Branch in Xinshi
139                                                         District, Suzhou City, Jiangsu         215007       Guo Hengxi        0512-65187816
                             Road, Suzhou
                                                            Province
                             Securities Branch in Taiping   No. 36-1, Taiping South Road,
140                                                                                                215400        Liu Lihong      0512-53589559
                             South Road, Taicang            Chengxiang Town, Taicang City
                                                            Room 107, Huiying Mansion,
                                                            Financial Business Center,
                             Securities Branch in
                                                            North Side of Chenjiaqiao
141                          Guangzhou Road, Shengze                                               215228      Fan Xiaofeng       0512-63910061
                                                            Village Road, Xincheng District,
                             Town, Wujiang


                                                                                                                                                           About Us
                                                            Shengze Town, Wujiang District,
                                                            Suzhou City
                                                            No. 251, Middle Changjiang
                             Securities Branch in Middle
                                                            Road, Jingang Town,
142                          Changjiang Road, Jingang                                              215633        Zhang Lin       0512-56767800
                                                            Zhangjiagang City, Jiangsu
                   Suzhou    Town, Zhangjiagang
                                                            Province
                             Securities Branch in
143                          Yangshe East Road,             No. 2, Yangshe Road East               215600         Liu Xiao        0512-58127000
                             Zhangjiagang
                                                            Rooms 106, 111,112 on 1/F and
                                                            Rooms 202 & 203 on 2/F,
                                                            Wuzhong Commercial Center,
                             Securities Branch in
144                                                         Building 1, No. 198 Su Street,          215104       Sun Qiang       0512-66021886



                                                                                                                                                        Operating Analysis
                             Wuzhong Avenue, Suzhou
                                                            Yuexi Sub-district, Wuzhong
                                                            Economic Development Zone,
                                                            Suzhou




                                                                                                                                                         and Strategies
                             Securities Branch in Gaoxin    Nos. 946 and 948, Gaoxin Road,
145                          Road, Wujiang District,        Songling Town, Wujiang District,       215200       Zhao Yang        0512-63956208
                             Suzhou                         Suzhou City
                                                            No. 23, East Avenue, Luotang
                             Securities Branch in East
146                                                         Street, Jiangyan District,             225500      Miao Genping      0523-88209518
                             Street, Jiangyan
                                                            Taizhou City, Jiangsu Province
                             Securities Branch in Middle    No. 150-3, Middle Renmin Road,
147                                                                                                214500       Wu Haojun        0523-89101088
                             Renmin Road, Jingjiang         Jingjiang City, Jiangsu Province
                             Securities Branch in           D106 & D206, Hotel Building 4,
148                          Guoqing West Road,             Qingyun Garden, Taixing City,          225400         Tao Jin        0523-87095597
                   Taizhou
      Jiangsu 92             Taixing                        Jiangsu Province




                                                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance
                             Securities Branch in
                                                            2/F, Building 3, No. 288 Yongding
149                          Yongding East Road,                                                   225300          Ji Tao        0523-86985597
                                                            East Road, Taizhou City
                             Gaogang, Taizhou
                             Securities Branch in Middle
                                                            No. 198, Middle Yingwu Road,
150                          Yingwu Road, Xinghua,                                                 225700        Cai Li’ang      0523-83256333
                                                            Xinghua City, Jiangsu province
                             Taizhou
                             Securities Branch in Futai     5/F, New Baiye Square, No. 8
151                                                                                                 214421       Zhang Ye        0510-86837528
                             Road, Jiangyin                 Futai Road, Jiangyin City
                             Securities Branch in
                                                            No. 680, Huandong Road,                                Chen
152                          Huandong Road, Huashi                                                  214421                        0510-81662778
                                                            Huashi Town, Jiangyin City                           Dongdong
                             Town, Jiangyin
                             Securities Branch in West      No. 318, West Avenue,
153                          Avenue, Zhouzhuang Town,       Zhouzhuang Town, Jiangyin              214423        Yan Ming         0510-81660193
                             Jiangyin                       City
                             Securities Branch in




                                                                                                                                                          Financial Report and
                                                            No. 10, Hongqiao North Road,
154                          Hongqiao North Road,                                                   214411     Zhou Junning      0510-81662758
                                                            Changjing Town, Jiangyin City
                             Changjing Town, Jiangyin
                             Securities Branch in Yingxiu
                                                            No. 111, Yingxiu Road, Qingyang
155                          Road, Qingyang Town,                                                   214401      Liu Chaohui       0510-86817241
                                                            Town, Jiangyin City
                             Jiangyin




                                                                                                                                                        Documents for Inspection
                    Wuxi
                             Securities Branch in Shenpu    No. 108, Shenpu Road, Lingang
156                                                                                                214443       Huang Yaqiu      0510-81666278
                             Road, Lingang, Jiangyin        Sub-district, Jiangyin City
                             Securities Branch in           1/F, Jiangong Building, No. 56
157                                                                                                214000       You Lingyan       0510-82768155
                             Liangqing Road, Wuxi           Liangqing Road, Wuxi City
                             Securities Branch in Jiefang   No. 327, Jiefang West Road,
158                                                                                                214000        Tang Kai        0510-82722975
                             West Road, Wuxi                Wuxi City
                                                            101B, No. 15 Financial First Street,
                             Securities Branch in
159                                                         Taihu Street, Binhu District, Wuxi      214123        Yi Zilong      0510-85065672
                             Financial First Street, Wuxi
                                                            City
                                                            1/F, Shuili Building, No. 12
                             Securities Branch in Yongle
160                                                         Nanhebang, Yongle Road,                 214021       Dong Jun         0510-85045101
                             Road, Wuxi
                                                            Liangxi District, Wuxi City
                             Securities Branch in Jiefang   No. 177, Jiefang East Road,
161                                                                                                214299         Wan Lei        0510-80793526
                             East Road, Yixing              Yicheng Sub-district, Yixing City




                                                                                                                                                  437
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                         Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                           of securities      of person in
           No.   Province        City                 Name                             Address                Zip code      branches             charge


                                            Securities Branch in           No. 69, Tongguan South Road,
           162                Lianyungang   Tongguan South Road,           Haizhou District, Lianyungang      222001        Wang Lei        0518-85519068
                                            Lianyungang                    City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                           Room 101-2-1, Financial and
                                            Securities Branch in           Insurance Building, South Side
           163                              Yongkang Road, Shuyang,        of Suzhou Road and West Side       223600      Feng Lingtong     0527-87880259
                                Suqian      Suqian                         of Yongkang Road, Shuyang
                                                                           County, Suqian City
                                            Securities Branch in Hongze    No. 581, Hongze Lake Road,
           164                                                                                                223800       Zhang Yang       0527-84390068
                                            Lake Road, Suqian              Suqian City
                                                                           Room 103, 1/F & Rooms 306,
                                            Securities Branch in           307 and 308, 3/F, Technology
           165                                                                                                221006      Zhou Xuehong       0516-85850911
                                            Science Park, Xuzhou           Building, Technology Avenue,
                                                                           Quanshan District, Xuzhou City
                                            Securities Branch in           No. 2, Tangmu Road, Pei
           166                              Tangmu Road, Pei County,       County, Xuzhou City, Jiangsu       221600         Luo Wei        0516-81202066
                                            Xuzhou                         Province
                                                                           No. 165, 1F/F and Rooms 2102 –
                                            Securities Branch in Huaihai   2105, Unit A, Suning Plaza, No.
           167                                                                                                221000        Jiao Shuai       0516-83718027
                                            East Road, Xuzhou              29 Huaihai East Road, Gulou
                                                                           District, Xuzhou City
                                                                           Rooms 104, 205, 206, 214 and
                                            Securities Branch in Renmin    215, Unit 1, Building 1, Hongrui
           168                                                                                                221200        Zhang Lei        0516-81307121
                                            East Road, Suining, Xuzhou     Jiadi, Renmin East Road,
                                Xuzhou
                                                                           Suicheng Town, Suining County
                                                                           Room 1-104, Building B, Baolong
                                            Securities Branch in Heping
           169                                                             Square, No. 99 Heping Road,         221116      Xu Xiaonan       0516-85650329
                                            Road, Xuzhou
                                                                           Yunlong District, Xuzhou City
                                                                           Room 109, 1/F & Room 205, 2/
                                            Securities Branch in           F, Block 1A, Fortune Plaza, No.                    Zhang
           170                                                                                                221000                        0516-85803998
                                            Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou      75 Jianguo West Road, Xuzhou                     Zhengxing
                                                                           City
                                            Securities Branch in Daqiao    No. 8, Daqiao West Road, Xinyi,
           171                                                                                                221400        Han Chao        0516-88989808
                                            West Road, Xinyi               Xuzhou City, Jiangsu Province
                                                                           (Shops 2-10, Mingshi Garden),
                                            Securities Branch in
                                                                           No. 5101 Zhongyang Avenue,
           172   Jiangsu 92                 Zhongyang Avenue, Feng                                             221700      Chen Yanzhi      0516-66650130
                                                                           Feng County, Xuzhou City,
                                            County, Xuzhou
                                                                           Jiangsu Province
                                            Securities Branch in Renmin    Rooms 102, 103 and 104, Building
           173                              South Road, Dafeng,            B, Yangguang Mall, Dafeng          224100      Shen Zhongqin     0515-83928806
                                            Yancheng                       District, Yancheng
                                                                           Rooms 8017 & 8018, Building 3,
                                            Securities Branch in Middle
           174                                                             Shangye New Village, No. 78        224200          Xi Jing        0515-85105761
                                            Hailing Road, Dongtai
                                                                           Middle Hailing Road, Dongtai
                               Yancheng                                    Room 15-103 and Room 15-
                                                                           104, No. 15 Commercial and
                                            Securities Branch in South     Residential Building, No. 16
           175                              Hongxing Alley, Binhai,        Commercial and Office              224500      Zhou Dehong        0515-87021988
                                            Yancheng                       Building, Lvdu Jiayuan, No. 29
                                                                           South Hongxing Alley, Dongkan
                                                                           Street, Binhai County
                                            Securities Branch in
           176                              Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou,         No. 37, Pinghuai Road, Gaoyou      225600      Sheng Fuqing       0514-85089721
                                            Yangzhou
                                            Securities Branch in
                                                                           No. 10, Yeting East Road,
           177                              Yeting East Road, Baoying,                                        225800          Yu Jie         0514-88259411
                                                                           Baoying County
                                            Yangzhou
                                                                           Nos. 220, 222 and 226, Business
                                            Securities Branch in South     Buildings, Longchuan Road,
           178                              Longchuan Road, Jiangdu,       Zhongyuan Europe City,             225200       Liu Handong      0514-86534998
                                            Yangzhou                       Xiannv Town, Jiangdu District,
                               Yangzhou                                    Yangzhou City
                                                                           (Park International Building)
                                            Securities Branch in
                                                                           No. 56, Wenchang West
           179                              Wenchang West Road,                                               225000         Qiao Qi        0514-82982003
                                                                           Road, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu
                                            Yangzhou
                                                                           Province
                                            Securities Branch in           No. 406, Wenchang Middle
           180                              Wenchang Middle Road,          Road, Yangzhou City, Jiangsu       225001       Xu Xuefeng        0514-87366418
                                            Yangzhou                       Province
                                            Securities Branch in           No. 101, Zhenzhou East Road,
           181                              Zhenzhou East Road,            Zhenzhou Town, Yizheng City,        211400       Xu Yiming       0514-83962098
                                            Yizheng, Yangzhou              Jiangsu Province




438
                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                             Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                               of securities      of person in
No.    Province      City                Name                             Address                 Zip code      branches             charge



                                                              No. 235, Cuizhu South
                               Securities Branch in Cuizhu
182                                                           Road, Sanmao Sub-district,          212200        Yin Hang        0511-88399933
                               South Road, Yangzhong
                                                              Yangzhong City

                                                              Rooms 131-133, 236-237, 239,
                               Securities Branch in
                                                              241, 243, Hengyu Building,
183                            Guyang Middle Avenue,                                              212000          Xu Rui         0511-85115898
                                                              Guyang Middle Avenue, Dantu
                               Dantu, Zhenjiang
      Jiangsu 92   Zhenjiang                                  District, Zhenjiang City

                               Securities Branch in           Nos. 16-1 to 16-3, Fenghuang
184                            Fenghuang Road, Danyang,       Road, Development Zone,             212300       Hou Yeping        0511-86699772


                                                                                                                                                          About Us
                               Zhenjiang                      Danyang
                               Securities Branch in
                                                              No. 1, Huayang North Road,
185                            Huayang North Road,                                                212400         Liu Heng       0511-85979998
                                                              Huayang Town, Jurong City
                               Jurong, Zhenjiang
                                                              Nos. 223 and 231, Market Street;
                                                              Nos. 2-1, 2-2 and 2-3, Unit 1,
                               Securities Branch in Shengli
186                                                           No. 227 Market Street, Xigang        116013       Tang Wei         0411-82815866
                               East Road, Dalian
                                                              District, Dalian City, Liaoning
                    Dalian                                    Province

                                                              No. 4, Meiduyuan, Shahekou
                               Securities Branch in Lianhe
187                                                           District, Dalian City, Liaoning      116021      Zhang Yuwei      0411-84342688
                               Road, Dalian




                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                                                              Province

                                                              1#1708-1715, Area E of Blue
                                                              Kangqiao, South of Huibin
                               Securities Branch in Huibin
188                 Panjin                                    Street and East of Xiangdao          124010       Wang Fan         0427-3257500



                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                               Street, Panjin
                                                              Road, Xinglongtai District,
                                                              Panjin City, Liaoning Province
      Liaoning 7
                                                              No. 187, Daxi Road, Shenhe
                               Securities Branch in Daxi
189                                                           District, Shenyang City, Liaoning    110014       Wang Hui         024-31976665
                               Road, Shenyang
                                                              Province

                                                              Floors 2-5, No. 23, Guangrong
                               Securities Branch in
                                                              Street, Heping District,
190                            Guangrong Street,                                                   110003      Liu Xiaoqing      024-31883577
                   Shenyang                                   Shenyang City, Liaoning
                               Shenyang
                                                              Province

                                                              No. 318 (Gate 1) and No. 320




                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                               Securities Branch in           (Annex Building 201), Qingnian
191                                                                                                110004       Zhang Sai        024-31883388
                               Qingnian Street, Shenyang      Street, Heping District,
                                                              Shenyang City

                               Securities Branch in Bohai     No. 16-A-1, Bohai Street East,
192                Yingkou                                                                         115000       Wang Ran         0417-3350961
                               Street, Yingkou                Zhanqian District

                                                              West Hall, 1F, Runheng Building,
                               Securities Branch in Jingqi
193                                                           No. 83, Jingqi Road, Shizhong       250000       Zhang Qinlei      18660186343
                               Road, Jinan
                                                              District, Jinan City

                                                              Room 203, 2/F, Podium of
                               Securities Branch in Jiefang   Shandong Port Luhai Logistics
194                  Jinan                                                                        250061       Wang Qiang        0531-82318318
                               East Road, Jinan               Building, No. 25-6 Jiefang East
                                                              Road, Lixia District, Jinan City

                                                              1/F, East Dongyuan Building, No.
                               Securities Branch in Jiefang
195                                                           30 Jiefang Road, Lixia District,    250013     Cheng Gaofeng      0531-85829568
                               Road, Jinan




                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                                                              Jinan City

                                                              No. 32, Changshan Road,
                               Securities Branch in
196   Shandong 7                                              Laiyang City, Shandong              265200     Zhang Baigang       0535-7999111
                               Changshan Road, Laiyang
                                                              Province
                    Yantai




                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                                                              No. 236, South Street, Zhifu
                               Securities Branch in South
197                                                           District, Yantai City, Shandong     264000     Wang Xiaodong       0535-2150055
                               Street, Yantai
                                                              Province

                                                              No. 79, West Hong Kong Road,
                               Securities Branch in West
198                Qingdao                                    Shinan District, Qingdao,           266071       Cui Junfeng      0532-85713938
                               Hong Kong Road, Qingdao
                                                              Shandong Province

                                                              Room 101, Block B, Weite
                               Securities Branch in           Tianyuan Square, Jinqueshan
199                  Linyi                                                                        276000       Jing Jianfei     0539-7030698
                               Jinqueshan Road, Linyi         Road, Lanshan District, Linyi
                                                              City, Shandong Province




                                                                                                                                                 439
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                          Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                            of securities      of person in
           No.    Province       City                Name                            Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                         Room 901, No. 1158, Jiangning
           200                            Jiangning Road, Putuo                                                200060      Chen Xiaoxue       021-33532200
                                                                         Road, Putuo District, Shanghai
                                          District, Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in West      Rooms 1103 & 1105, Nos. 359 &
           201                            Guangzhong Road, Jing’an       365, West Guangzhong Road,            200435      Bao Jianghao       021-56761987
                                          District, Shanghai             Jing’an District, Shanghai

                                          Securities Branch in Guobin    Rooms 1801-1804, No. 36,
           202                            Road, Yangpu District,         Guobin Road, Yangpu District,         200433          Qi Lili        021-33621855
                                          Shanghai                       Shanghai

                                          Securities Branch in           4/F, No. 333, Huanghe Road,
           203                                                                                                 200003         He Wei          021-63181398
                                          Huanghe Road, Shanghai         Huangpu District, Shanghai

                                                                         Room 5003-05 (actual room
                                          Securities Branch in Raffles   numbers are 4403A, 4403B,
           204                            Square, Huangpu District,      4404), No. 268, Central Tibet         200042         Shi Cao         021-63550001
                                          Shanghai                       Road, Huangpu District,
                                                                         Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in Weihai
                                                                         Room 1305, No. 511, Weihai
           205                            Road, Jing’an District,                                              200041        Xu Yixuan        021-62678287
                                                                         Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai
                                          Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                         5/F, No. 1508, Mudanjiang Road,
           206                            Mudanjiang Road,                                                     201999     Duan Baodong        021-56106616
                                                                         Baoshan District, Shanghai
                                          Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in           Nos. 46, 47, 48 and 49, Miaojing
           207                            Wangyuan South Road,           New Village, Fengxian District,       201400       Yang Junjie       021-67136006
                                          Fengxian District, Shanghai    Shanghai

                                                                         Room 1701, Building 1,
                 Shanghai 15   Shanghai   Securities Branch in           Changning International
           208                            Kaixuan Road, Changning        Development Plaza, No. 1388           200120       Hu Shengqi        021-20773068
                                          District, Shanghai             Kaixuan Road, Changning
                                                                         District, Shanghai

                                          Securities Branch in           Rooms 1103, 1105, 1107 and 1109,
           209                            Tianyaoqiao Road, Xuhui        No. 329, Tianyaoqiao Road,            200030       Fu Chenjing       021-20426863
                                          District, Shanghai             Xuhui District, Shanghai

                                          Securities Branch in Xianxia   No. 1398-1, Xianxia Road,
           210                            Road, Changning District,      Changning District, Shanghai          200336        Li Zhongyi       021-52983009
                                          Shangha                        (Temporary)

                                          Securities Branch in           6/F & 7/F, No. 1088, Wuding
           211                                                                                                 200040     Zhang Renrong       021-62566063
                                          Wuding Road, Shanghai          Road, Jing’an District, Shanghai

                                                                         Units 01B, 02, 03, 05, 06,
                                          Securities Branch in South
                                                                         3/F, Building A, Block 4, No. 1,
           212                            Huangpi Road, Huangpu                                                 200011    Huang Weiqing       021-63356099
                                                                         Lane 838, South Huangpi Road,
                                          District, Shanghai
                                                                         Huangpu District, Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in
                                                                         1-3/F, No. 642, Miaojing Road,
           213                            Miaojing Road, Pudong                                                201299       Miao Cong         021-33825017
                                                                         Pudong New District, Shanghai
                                          New District, Shanghai
                                          Securities Branch in           3/F, No. 1229 Century Avenue,
           214                            Century Avenue, Pudong         China (Shanghai) Pilot Free           200120       Huang Wei         021-58392077
                                          New District, Shanghai         Trade Zone

                                                                         Rooms 03 and 04, 15/F
                                          Securities Branch in           (actually Rooms 03 and 04,
           215                            Dongfang Road, Pudong          12/F), No. 18 Dongfang Road,           201120      Luo Yihong        021-28972315
                                          New District, Shanghai         China (Shanghai) Pilot Free
                                                                         Trade Zone

                                                                         Room 2103, 21/F, Unit 1, Building
                                                                         10, Tianfu Xingu, No. 399, West
                                          Securities Branch in Jinhui
           216                                                           Section, Fucheng Avenue,              610000        Yang Rui        028-87448096
                                          West 2nd Street, Chengdu
                                                                         Hitech Zone, Chengdu, China
                                                                         (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone

                                                                         Nos. 02 and 03, 21/F, Unit 1, Block
                                          Securities Branch in Tianfu    1, No. 5 Xiyu Street, Qingyang
           217                                                                                                  610041        Liu Feng        028-85512252
                  Sichuan 7    Chengdu    Square, Chengdu                District, Chengdu City, Sichuan
                                                                         Province

                                                                         Rooms 1506 and 1507, 15/
                                                                         F, Unit 1, Building 1, Xinxiwang
                                          Securities Branch in Renmin    Building, No. 45, Renmin Road
           218                                                                                                  610031       Li Huiying      028-85590880
                                          South Road, Chengdu            South Section IV, Wuhou
                                                                         District, Chengdu City, Sichuan
                                                                         Province




440
                                                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2023
                                                                                                                  Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                    of securities      of person in
No.    Province       City                 Name                              Address                   Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                Rooms 1901 and 1905, Block
                                Securities Branch in Shujin     B, Jinsha Wanrui Center, No. 1
219                                                                                                     610091         Li Xiao        028-61505176
                                Road, Chengdu                   Shujin Road, Qingyang District,
                                                                Chengdu City
                                                                Rooms 1401 and 04, 14/F, Block
                                                                1, No. 588 Middle Section of
                    Chengdu     Securities Branch in Tianfu
220                                                             Tianfu Avenue, Hitech Zone,             610213    Wang Hongtao       028-85640443
                                Avenue, Chengdu
                                                                Chengdu City, China (Sichuan)
       Sichuan 7                                                Pilot Free Trade Zone



                                                                                                                                                               About Us
                                                                Annexes 13 and 14 of No. 68
                                Securities Branch in Shixili,
221                                                             Yuanlin Road, Xipu Town, Pidu           611731     Shang Guang        028-87843269
                                Xipu, Chengdu
                                                                District, Chengdu City
                                                                A2, A3, A4, A5 and A6, 5/F,
                                Securities Branch
                                                                Building 1, Diamond Plaza,
                                in Diamond Plaza,
222                  Deyang                                     No. 29, Section 2, Changjiang           618100    Huang Wanqing       0838-7201167
                                Changjiang West Road,
                                                                West Road, Deyang, Sichuan
                                Deyang
                                                                Province
                                                                (1509, 1510, 1511) 15/F, Unit (1)1,
                                                                North Zone, Financial Business
                                Securities Branch in
                                                                District, Zone B, Zhongtian
223    Guizhou 1     Guiyang    Changling North Road,                                                  550001     Shu Mengxiang      0851-86753279
                                                                Exhibition City, Changling North
                                Guiyang
                                                                Road, Guanshanhu District,



                                                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis
                                                                Guiyang City, Guizhou Province
                                                                Rooms 1502 and 1503, 15/F,
                                Securities Branch in
224   Chongqing 1   Chongqing                                   Unit 2, No. 9 Juxianyan Square,        400084        Xiao Yang        023-68901837
                                Jiangbeizui, Chongqing



                                                                                                                                                             and Strategies
                                                                Jiangbei District, Chongqing
                                Securities Branch in Baidi      No. 240, Baidi Road, Nankai
225                                                                                                    300192      Zhang Haiyan       022-87893469
                                Road, Tianjin                   District
                                                                Rooms 209-211, 2/F, Caizhi
                                Securities Branch in Erwei
                                                                Building, No. 9, Erwei Road,
226                             Road, Dongli Development                                               300399       Liu Yongjun       022-84373801
                                                                Dongli Development Zone,
                                Zone, Tianjin
                                                                Tianjin City
       Tianjin 4     Tianjin                                    Bottom Floor (Business Area),
                                Securities Branch in Qinjian
227                                                             Yunhan Building, No. 185,              300130       Wu Yumeng         022-26532286
                                Road, Tianjin
                                                                Qinjian Road, Hongqiao District
                                                                Units 07, 08, 09 and 10, 2/F,




                                                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance
                                Securities Branch in            Building 1, No. 40, Huachang
228                                                                                                     300151      Xu Jianguo        022-58811908
                                Huachang Road, Tianjin          Road, Hedong District, Tianjin
                                                                City
                                                                4/F, Changye Golden Villa,
                                Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 621 Donggang West Road,
229     Gansu 1      Lanzhou    Donggang West Road,                                                    730000          Fu Jie         0931-8106511
                                                                Chengguan District, Lanzhou
                                Lanzhou
                                                                City, Gansu Province
                                                                1/F and 6/F, Western Culture
                                Securities Branch in Wenyi      Plaza, No. 11, Wenyi North Road,
230                                                                                                    710054        Liu Zhiwei       029-87889991
                                North Road, Xi’an               Beilin District, Xi’an City, Shaanxi
       Shaanxi 2      Xi’an                                     Province
                                                                1/F, Jintai Holiday Flower City,
                                Securities Branch in
231                                                             Zhangba East Road, Yanta               710065       Chen Yuwen        029-85587020
                                Zhangba East Road, Xi’an
                                                                District, Xi’an City
                                                                Room 59-147, 3/F, Building 5,




                                                                                                                                                              Financial Report and
                                Securities Branch in Xinning    Hexin Center, No. 23, Xinning
232    Qinghai 1      Xining                                                                           810000         Liang Xu        0971-6368338
                                Road, Xining                    Road, Chengxi District, Xining
                                                                City, Qinghai Province
                                Securities Branch in Jiefang    8/F, Jinrong Building, No. 243,
233    Xinjiang 1     Yining                                                                           835000        Wang Hui        0999-8986569
                                West Road, Yining City          Jiefang West Road, Yining City




                                                                                                                                                            Documents for Inspection
                                                                Room 101, Commercial Building
                                                                No. 1, Jinhai Mingyue Garden,
                                Securities Branch in
                                                                No. 65 Yinjiaqu North Street,
234    Ningxia 1    Yinchuan    Yinjiaqu North Street,                                                 750004        Jia Gang         0951-6019666
                                                                Jinfeng District, Yinchuan
                                Yinchuan
                                                                City, Ningxia Hui Autonomous
                                                                Region
                                                                Room 14102, Building 3, GTland
                                Securities Branch in Jiefang    Plaza, Shangcheng District,
235                                                                                                    310004     Wang Qianwen       0571-28002220
                                East Road, Hangzhou             Hangzhou City, Zhejiang
                                                                Province
      Zhejiang 8    Hangzhou                                    Rooms 501B and 805, North
                                                                Tower, Gongyuan Building, No.
                                Securities Branch in Qiushi
236                                                             8 Qiushi Road, Xihu District,          310007         Jin Yifei       0571-87212722
                                Road, Hangzhou
                                                                Hangzhou City, Zhejiang
                                                                Province




                                                                                                                                                      441
 HUATAI SECURITIES




                                                                                                                       Person in charge   Contact number
                                                                                                                         of securities      of person in
           No.   Province       City                Name                            Address                 Zip code      branches             charge


                                                                        3/F, Office Building, No. 230,
                                         Securities Branch in Liuting
           237                 Ningbo                                   Liuting Street, Haishu District,     315010        Ren Xin        0574-87023678
                                         Street, Ningbo
                                                                        Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province
                                                                        No. 213 (101 & 102), No. 215 (101
                                                                        & 102) and No. 217 (233, 234
                                         Securities Branch in Fushan,
           238                Shaoxing                                  & 236-241), Huancheng West          312000      Qiu Honghong      0575-85222928
                                         Shaoxing
                                                                        Road, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang
                                                                        Province
                                                                        Shops 8-13, 1/F, Yangguang
                                         Securities Branch in
                                                                        Building, Xinqiao Village,
           239                Wenzhou    Yangguang Avenue,                                                  325102        Liu Jiexing     0577-66992188
                                                                        Jiangbei Sub-district, Yongjia
                                         Yongjia
                                                                        County, Zhejiang Province
                                                                        No. 353, 1/F of No. 355, 1/F of
                 Zhejiang 8
                                                                        No. 357, 1/F of No. 359, Tiyu
                                         Securities Branch in Tiyu      Road, Qiandao Street, Dinghai                      Zhang
           240                Zhoushan                                                                       316100                       0580-3066008
                                         Road, Zhoushan                 District, Zhoushan City, China                    Hangqing
                                                                        (Zhejiang) Pilot Free Trade
                                                                        Zone
                                                                        Northeast Section, Room 104,
                                                                        Donggang Complex Office
                                         Securities Branch in
           241                Taizhou                                   Building, No. 183, Zhongxin         318000       Chen Huang       0576-89811389
                                         Zhongxin Avenue, Taizhou
                                                                        Avenue, Taizhou City, Zhejiang
                                                                        Province
                                                                        Nos. 1115 & 1119, Fanggong Road,
                                         Securities Branch in
           242                 Jiaxing                                  Nanhu District, Jiaxing City,       314000         Gu Lijia       0573-82862312
                                         Fanggong Road, Jiaxing
                                                                        Zhejiang Province




442
                                                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2023
 III.OTHER INFORMATION


(I) Accounting Firms


                                                                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                            Name
                                                                      Certified Public Accountants LLP
Accounting firm                             Office address
                                                                    30/F, 222 Yan An Road East,
  engaged by the Company (domestic)         Name of the signatory
                                                                      Huangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC
                                              accountant
                                                                    Hu Xiaojun, Han Jian



                                                                                                                                                  About Us
                                                                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Registered
                                            Name                      PIE Auditor under the Hong Kong
Accounting firm                             Office address            Financial Reporting Council Ordinance
  engaged by the Company (Hong Kong)        Name of the signatory   35/F, One Pacific Place, 88 Queensway,
                                             accountant               Hong Kong, the PRC
                                                                    Tang Yequan

                                                                    Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                            Name
                                                                      Certified Public Accountants LLP
Accounting firm                             Office address
                                                                    30/F, 222 Yan An Road East,
  engaged by the Company (United Kingdom)   Name of the signatory
                                                                      Huangpu District, Shanghai, the PRC
                                             accountant
                                                                    Hu Xiaojun




(II) Legal Advisors                                                                                                                            Operating Analysis


Legal advisor engaged                       Name
                                                                    King & Wood Mallesons                                                       and Strategies
                                                                    18/F, East Tower, World Financial Center
  by the Company (domestic)                 Office address
                                                                      1 Middle East 3rd Ring Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the PRC

                                                                    Clifford Chance
Legal advisor engaged                       Name
                                                                    27/F, Jardine House, 1 Connaught Place,
  by the Company (overseas)                 Office address
                                                                      Central, Hong Kong, the PRC




                                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance
(III) Share Registrars


                                                                    China Securities Depository and Clearing
                                            Name                     Corporation Limited, Shanghai Branch
Share registrar for A Share
                                            Office address          No. 188 South Yanggao Road, Pudong
                                                                     New Area, Shanghai, the PRC

                                                                    Computershare Hong Kong Investor
                                                                      Services Limited
                                            Name
Share registrar for H Share                                         Shops 1712-1716, 17/F, Hopewell Center,
                                            Office address
                                                                      183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai,
                                                                      Hong Kong, the PRC




                                                                                                                                                 Financial Report and



                                                                                                                                               Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                         443
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           IV. INFORMATION DISCLOSURES INDEX


          1. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on China
          Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times and Securities Daily and on the
          website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange (www.sse.com.cn):


           No.       Date                                                                 Announcement



            1    2023-01-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended December 31, 2022

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
            2    2023-01-16
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           3     2023-01-19
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of the Change in Industrial and Commercial Registration of Business
           4     2023-01-20   Scope, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-
                              term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           5     2023-02-06   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining a No
                              Objection Letter from the CSRC in relation to Proprietary Participation in Carbon Emissions Trading

                              Extension Announcement on the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting and the 2023 First A Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities
           6     2023-02-07   Co., Ltd., H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended January 31,
                              2023

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
            7    2023-02-08
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           8     2023-02-09
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           9     2023-02-11
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           10    2023-02-13
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           11    2023-02-18
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-
           12    2023-02-23   term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of
                              Registered Address of Wholly-owned Subsidiary Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd.

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           13    2023-02-24
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           14    2023-03-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended February 28, 2023

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Short-term
           15    2023-03-07
                              Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           16    2023-03-10
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           17    2023-03-13
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           18    2023-03-21   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

           19    2023-03-23   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual Results of 2022

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           20    2023-03-29
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              2022 Annual Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2022 Annual Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2022 Financial Statements
                              and Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Special Explanation of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Occupation of Non-operating Funds
                              and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2022, Annual Internal Control Evaluation Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2022,
                              Annual Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2022, Corporate Social Responsibility Report of Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd. for 2022, Report on Performance of Duties of Audit Committee under the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2022, Report
                              on Performance of Duties of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2022, Prior Approval of Independent Directors of
                              Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for the Relevant Matters Discussed at the Second Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Independent
                              Opinions of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Relevant Matters Discussed at the Second Meeting of the Sixth
           21    2023-03-31   Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Second Meeting of the Sixth Session of the
                              Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Second Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory
                              Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms, Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the First Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share
                              Incentive Scheme of A Shares, Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Fulfilment of Conditions for
                              Release from Selling Restriction of the First Unlocking Period and Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted Shares under the
                              Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Repurchase
                              and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares, Announcement on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for
                              2022, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Anticipation of Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties in 2023




444
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
No.     Date                                                                  Announcement



22    2023-04-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended March 31, 2023

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Release from Selling Restriction of the First Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share
23    2023-04-18
                   Incentive Scheme of A Shares and Listing

24    2023-04-19   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
25    2023-04-21
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
26    2023-04-22
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
27    2023-04-26


                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   First Quarterly Report of 2023 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Third
                   Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Relevant
28    2023-04-29   Matters Discussed at the Third Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions
                   of the Third Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Changes in
                   Accounting Policies

                   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended April 30, 2023,
29    2023-05-06   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
30    2023-05-08
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
31    2023-05-09
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
32    2023-05-10



                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
33    2023-05-12
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
34    2023-05-17
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
35    2023-05-23
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
36    2023-05-24
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-
                   term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Notice of Convening 2022 Annual General Meeting and 2023
37    2023-05-31
                   Second A Share Class Meeting by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Documents of 2022 Annual General Meeting, 2023 Second A Share Class
                   Meeting, 2023 Second H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

38    2023-06-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended May 31, 2023

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
39    2023-06-07
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
40    2023-06-15
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
41    2023-06-16
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
42    2023-06-17
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
43    2023-06-26
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
44    2023-06-28
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection
45    2023-06-29
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of 2022 Annual General Meeting, 2023 Second A Share Class Meeting
                   and 2023 Second H Share Class Meeting, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on 2022 Annual General Meeting, 2023 Second
                   A Share Class Meeting and 2023 Second H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co.,
46    2023-07-01
                   Ltd. on Notice to Creditors Regarding the Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares to Reduce Registered Capital,
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

47    2023-07-07   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended June 30, 2023

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
48    2023-07-10
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
49    2023-07-19
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
50    2023-07-20
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                445
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                 Announcement



                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual
           51    2023-07-21
                              Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           52    2023-07-26
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           53    2023-07-27
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           54    2023-07-29
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           55    2023-08-01   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Establishment of a
                              Guaranteed Offshore Medium Term Note Programme by an Offshore Wholly-owned Subsidiary

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           56    2023-08-03
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of
           57    2023-08-04
                              Equity Distribution for 2022, Special Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Differentiated Distribution
                              of Dividends of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2022

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           58    2023-08-05   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer
                              on Movements in Securities for the month ended July 31, 2023

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           59    2023-08-07
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision of Guarantees for Medium Term Notes Issued by an Indirectly Wholly-owned
           60    2023-08-10
                              Subsidiary

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           61    2023-08-12
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           62    2023-08-15   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Preliminary Financial Data for the Half-year of 2023

           63    2023-08-19   H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting)

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           64    2023-08-21
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           65    2023-08-23   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the
                              Interim Results of 2023

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           66    2023-08-24
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              2023 Interim Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2023 Interim Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai
           67    2023-08-31   Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fourth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, the Basic System for Risk Management of
                              Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2023)

           68    2023-09-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended August 31, 2023

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           69    2023-09-14
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Resignation of Non-executive Director, Announcement in relation to Implementation of
                              Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood
           70    2023-09-20   Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Relevant Matters on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted
                              Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-
                              owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              H Share Announcement of HTSC (Next Day Disclosure Return), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned
           71    2023-09-23
                              Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           72    2023-09-28
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           73    2023-10-09
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended September 30, 2023,
           74    2023-10-10   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           75    2023-10-12   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of Acquiring Equity Interest in Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of the Change in Industrial and Commercial Registration of Registered
           76    2023-10-13
                              Capital and Amendments to the Articles of Association, the Articles of Association of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2023)

                              H Share Announcement of HTSC (Date of Board Meeting), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned
           77    2023-10-18
                              Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           78    2023-10-21
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
           79    2023-10-26
                              Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




446
                                                                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2023
No.     Date                                                                  Announcement



                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
80    2023-10-28
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Third Quarterly Report of 2023 of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fifth
                   Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Independent Opinions of Independent Directors on Relevant Matters Discussed at the Fifth
                   Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions
                   of the Fifth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Cancellation
81    2023-10-31
                   of the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting and the 2023 First A Share Class Meeting, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                   on Cancellation of Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital, Notice of Convening the 2023 Second Extraordinary
                   General Meeting and the 2023 Third A Share Class Meeting by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Documents of the 2023 Second Extraordinary
                   General Meeting, the 2023 Third A Share Class Meeting, the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.




                                                                                                                                                                         About Us
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
82    2023-11-03
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

83    2023-11-04   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended October 31, 2023

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
84    2023-11-08
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
85    2023-11-09
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
86    2023-11-11
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
87    2023-11-13
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                      Operating Analysis
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
88    2023-11-15
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term



                                                                                                                                                                       and Strategies
89    2023-11-16
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
90    2023-11-17
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Publication of Offering Circular Regarding an Offshore Medium Term Note Programme,
91    2023-11-18
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Third Quarterly Results of 2023

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
92    2023-11-22
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 Third
                   A Share Class Meeting and the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on the 2023 Second




                                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance
                   Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 Third A Share Class Meeting and the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co.,
93    2023-11-25   Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Approval of Qualification as Director, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                   on Notice to Creditors Regarding the Cancellation of Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital, the Working System
                   for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2023), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions
                   of the Sixth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
94    2023-11-29
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision of Guarantees for Medium Term Notes Issued by an Indirectly Wholly-owned
95    2023-11-30
                   Subsidiary

96    2023-12-06   H Share Announcement of HTSC – Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended November 30, 2023

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
97    2023-12-08
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
98    2023-12-09
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                        Financial Report and
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
99    2023-12-11
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                      Documents for Inspection




                                                                                                                                                                447
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          2. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the HKEXnews
          website of HKEX (www.hkexnews.hk):


           No.       Date                                                                 Announcement



                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Statements of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Satisfaction of the Conditions for the Rights
                              Issue of the Company, Proposal for Public Issuance of Shares by Way of Rights Issue of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Feasibility Analysis
                              Report on the Use of Proceeds from the Rights Issue of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Report on Use of Proceeds Previously Raised by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd., Report on Use of Proceeds Previously Raised by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. and Assurance Report, Shareholders’ Interim
            1    2023-01-02
                              Return Plan (2023-2025) of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Risk Reminder of and Remedial
                              Measures to the Dilution of Immediate Returns Resulted from the Rights Issue to the Existing Shareholders and the Undertakings by
                              Relevant Parties, Notice of Convening 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting and 2023 First A Share Class Meeting by Huatai Securities
                              Co., Ltd.

            2    2023-01-06   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended December 31, 2022

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
            3    2023-01-09
                              Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           4     2023-01-11
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           5     2023-01-13
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           6     2023-01-15
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Perpetual
                              Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023
                              Interest Payment for 2021 Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche), Announcement by Huatai
            7    2023-01-16
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche) (Type
                              1), Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors
                              (Second tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           8     2023-01-18
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           9     2023-01-19   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of the Change in Industrial and Commercial Registration of Business Scope

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           10    2023-02-02
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining a No Objection Letter from the CSRC
            11   2023-02-05   in relation to Proprietary Participation in Carbon Emissions Trading, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-
                              owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended January 31, 2023, Overseas Regulatory Announcement
           12    2023-02-06   – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors
                              (Third tranche), Extension Announcement on the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting and the 2023 First H Share Class Meeting

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           13    2023-02-07
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate
           14    2023-02-08   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-
                              owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           15    2023-02-10   Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary
                              Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           16    2023-02-12
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           17    2023-02-17
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           18    2023-02-22   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on Change of Registered Address of Wholly-owned Subsidiary Huatai Innovative Investment Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           19    2023-02-23
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           20    2023-02-24
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           21    2023-02-28
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

           22    2023-03-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended February 28, 2023

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the
           23    2023-03-06
                              Registration of Public Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors




448
                                                                                                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2023
No.     Date                                                                    Announcement



                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
24    2023-03-09
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
25    2023-03-12
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
26    2023-03-16
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
27    2023-03-17
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

28    2023-03-20   Date of Board Meeting



                                                                                                                                                                             About Us
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
29    2023-03-22   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Annual
                   Results of 2022

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
30    2023-03-23
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
31    2023-03-28
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares, 2022 Corporate Social
                   Responsibility Report, Results Announcement for the Year Ended December 31, 2022, Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31,
                   2022, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – 2022 Annual Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2022 Annual Report Summary of Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd., 2022 Financial Statements and Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Special Explanation of Huatai Securities Co.,




                                                                                                                                                                          Operating Analysis
                   Ltd. on Occupation of Non-operating Funds and Transaction of Other Associated Funds for 2022, Annual Internal Control Evaluation
                   Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2022, Annual Internal Control Audit Report of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2022, Report on
                   Performance of Duties of Audit Committee under the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2022, Report on Performance of Duties of
                   Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2022, Prior Approval of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for the




                                                                                                                                                                           and Strategies
                   Relevant Matters Discussed at the Second Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Independent Opinions of Independent Directors of
32    2023-03-30
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Relevant Matters Discussed at the Second Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement
                   by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Second Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Second Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Re-appointment of the Accounting Firms, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Fulfilment of
                   Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction of the First Lock-up Period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares,
                   Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Fulfilment of Conditions for Release from Selling Restriction
                   of the First Unlocking Period and Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted Shares under the Restricted Share Incentive
                   Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement on Annual Profit Distribution Plan of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. for 2022,
                   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Anticipation of Ordinary Transactions with Related Parties in 2023

33    2023-04-06   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended March 31, 2023




                                                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Release from Selling Restriction of the First Lock-
34    2023-04-17
                   up Period under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares and Listing

35    2023-04-18   Date of Board Meeting

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds
36    2023-04-19
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
37    2023-04-20
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
38    2023-04-21
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds
39    2023-04-24
                   Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Second tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
40    2023-04-25
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                            Financial Report and
                   2022 Annual Report, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-
41    2023-04-26
                   Registered Holders

                   First Quarterly Report of 2023, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Changes in
                   Accounting Policies, Independent Opinion of Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Relevant Matters Discussed at




                                                                                                                                                                          Documents for Inspection
42    2023-04-28   the Third Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Third Meeting
                   of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory Committee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Third Meeting
                   of the Sixth Session of the Board

                   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended April 30, 2023, Overseas Regulatory Announcement –
43    2023-05-05   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai
44    2023-05-08
                   Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-
                   owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
45    2023-05-09   Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary
                   Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
46    2023-05-10
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                    449
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                 Announcement



                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate
           47    2023-05-11   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned
                              Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2020 Corporate Bonds
           48    2023-05-15
                              Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Third tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           49    2023-05-16
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate
           50    2023-05-17   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest
                              Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche) (Type 2)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           51    2023-05-22
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           52    2023-05-23
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Circular of 2022 Annual General Meeting, Notice of 2022 AGM, Notice of the 2023 Second H Share Class Meeting, Form of Proxy of
                              Holders of H Shares for Use at the AGM to Be Held on June 30, 2023, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2023 Second H
                              Share Class Meeting to Be Held on June 30, 2023, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter
           53    2023-05-30   and Request Form to Non-Registered Holders, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                              Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2023 and Delisting for 2013 Corporate Bonds (Ten-year bonds), Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-
                              owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           54    2023-05-31   Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (Update)

           55    2023-06-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended May 31, 2023

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           56    2023-06-06
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds
           57    2023-06-08
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche) (Type 1)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2023
           58    2023-06-12
                              and Delisting for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (Fourth tranche) (Type 2)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate
           59    2023-06-14   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-
                              owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           60    2023-06-15
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           61    2023-06-16
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           62    2023-06-25
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           63    2023-06-27
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           64    2023-06-28
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Poll Results of 2022 Annual General Meeting, 2023 Second A Share Class Meeting and 2023 Second H Share Class Meeting; and
                              Distribution of Final Dividend, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Notice to Creditors
                              Regarding the Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares to Reduce Registered Capital, Announcement by Huatai
           65    2023-06-30
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-
                              owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on 2022 Annual General Meeting, 2023 Second A
                              Share Class Meeting and 2023 Second H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

           66    2023-07-03   Final Dividend for the Year Ended December 31, 2022 (Update)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           67    2023-07-05
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

           68    2023-07-06   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended June 30, 2023

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           69    2023-07-09
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           70    2023-07-18
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           71    2023-07-19
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Obtaining Approval by the CSRC for the
           72    2023-07-20
                              Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           73    2023-07-25
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           74    2023-07-26
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




450
                                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
No.     Date                                                                   Announcement



                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
75    2023-07-28
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
76    2023-07-31
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Establishment of a Guaranteed Offshore
77    2023-08-01
                   Medium Term Note Programme by an Offshore Wholly-owned Subsidiary

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
78    2023-08-02
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai


                                                                                                                                                                          About Us
79    2023-08-03
                   Securities Co., Ltd. on Implementation of Equity Distribution for 2022, Special Legal Opinions from Beijing King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing)
                   Law Firm on Differentiated Distribution of Dividends of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. in 2022

                   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended July 31, 2023, Overseas Regulatory Announcement –
80    2023-08-04   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term
                   Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
81    2023-08-06
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds
82    2023-08-08
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision of Guarantees for Medium Term Notes
83    2023-08-09
                   Issued by an Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary



                                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
84    2023-08-11
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
85    2023-08-14   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Preliminary Financial Data for the Half-year of 2023

86    2023-08-18   Date of Board Meeting

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
87    2023-08-20
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds
88    2023-08-21
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Interim Results of 2023,
89    2023-08-22   Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision of Guarantees for Medium Term Notes Issued by an Indirectly Wholly-owned
                   Subsidiary




                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
90    2023-08-23   Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision of Guarantees for Medium
                   Term Notes Issued by an Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
91    2023-08-24
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds
92    2023-08-29
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche)

                   Interim Results Announcement for the Six Months ended June 30, 2023, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – 2023 Interim Report of
                   Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., 2023 Interim Report Summary of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the
93    2023-08-30
                   Resolutions of the Fourth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, the Basic System for Risk Management of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                   (Revised in 2023)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate
94    2023-08-31   Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest
                   Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type 2)




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
95    2023-09-05   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended August 31, 2023

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds
96    2023-09-06
                   Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
97    2023-09-07




                                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2023
98    2023-09-10   and Delisting for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche), Announcement on Issuance
                   Results for 2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021 Perpetual
99    2023-09-11
                   Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
100   2023-09-13
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Resignation of Non-Executive Director, List of Directors and Their Role and Function, Announcement in relation to Implementation of
                   Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted A Shares, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Legal Opinions from Beijing
                   King & Wood Mallesons (Nanjing) Law Firm on Relevant Matters on Repurchase and Cancellation of Part of the Restricted Shares
101   2023-09-19
                   under the Restricted Share Incentive Scheme of A Shares of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                   Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary
                   Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                 451
 HUATAI SECURITIES




           No.       Date                                                                Announcement



                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           102   2023-09-20
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           103   2023-09-21
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche)

                              Next Day Disclosure Return, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-
           104   2023-09-22
                              owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              2023 Interim Report, Notification Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-
           105   2023-09-27   Registered Holders, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned
                              Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended September 30, 2023, Overseas Regulatory
                              Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according
           106   2023-10-09   to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                              Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary
                              Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Completion of Acquiring Equity Interest in
           107   2023-10-11
                              Huatai United Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Announcement on Completion of the Change of Registered Capital and the Amendment to the Articles of Association, the Articles of
                              Association, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021
           108   2023-10-12
                              Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023
                              Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 2)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly
           109   2023-10-13
                              Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           110   2023-10-16
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche)

                              Date of Board Meeting, Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned
           111   2023-10-17
                              Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2021 Corporate Bonds
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment
           112   2023-10-18   for 2021 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 2), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
                              on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2023 and Delisting for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional
                              Investors (Second tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
           113   2023-10-19
                              Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           114   2023-10-20   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement on Issuance
                              Results for 2023 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Second tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           115   2023-10-25
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           116   2023-10-27
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                              Third Quarterly Report of 2023, Announcement on the Cancellation of the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting and the 2023 First
                              H Share Class Meeting, Announcement on Cancellation of the Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital, Proposed
                              Election of Non-Executive Director, Cancellation of the Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital, Amendments to the
                              Working System for Independent Directors, Election of Non-Executive Director, Notice of the 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting
                              and Notice of the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting, Notice of the Extraordinary General Meeting, Notice of the 2023 Third H Share Class
                              Meeting, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting to Be Held on November 24,
                              2023, Form of Proxy of Holders of H Shares for Use at the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting to Be Held on November 24, 2023, Notification
           117   2023-10-30
                              Letter and Request Form to Registered Shareholders, Notification Letter and Request Form to Non-Registered Holders, Overseas
                              Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fifth Meeting of the Sixth Session
                              of the Board, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Resolutions of the Fifth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Supervisory
                              Committee, Notice of Convening the 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting and the 2023 Third A Share Class Meeting by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd., Independent Opinions of Independent Directors on Relevant Matters Discussed at the Fifth Meeting of the Sixth
                              Session of the Board of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd., Documents of the 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 Third A Share
                              Class Meeting, the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           118   2023-11-02   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement on Coupon
                              Rate of 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Tenth tranche)

           119   2023-11-03   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended October 31, 2023

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd.
           120   2023-11-06
                              Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Tenth tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           121   2023-11-07   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai
                              Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2020 Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (First tranche)

                              Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
           122   2023-11-08
                              Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




452
                                                                                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2023
No.     Date                                                                   Announcement



                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
123   2023-11-10   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned
                   Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
124   2023-11-12
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
125   2023-11-13   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment
                   for 2021 Perpetual Subordinated Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Third tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai


                                                                                                                                                                          About Us
126   2023-11-14   Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type
                   2), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional
                   Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 1)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
127   2023-11-15
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
128   2023-11-16
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
                   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on the Briefing on the Third
129   2023-11-17   Quarterly Results of 2023, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Publication of Offering Circular Regarding an Offshore Medium
                   Term Note Programme, Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2023 and Delisting for




                                                                                                                                                                       Operating Analysis
                   2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
130   2023-11-20   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fourth tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the
                   Principal and Interest of 2023 and Delisting for 2018 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors (First tranche) (Type 2)



                                                                                                                                                                        and Strategies
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
131   2023-11-21
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Poll Results of the 2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting, 2023 Third A Share Class Meeting and 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting;
                   Election of Non-Executive Director; and Proposal on Adjustment to the Composition of a Special Committee of the Board, List of
                   Directors and Their Role and Function, Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Legal Opinions from King & Wood Mallesons on the
                   2023 Second Extraordinary General Meeting, the 2023 Third A Share Class Meeting and the 2023 Third H Share Class Meeting of Huatai
132   2023-11-24
                   Securities Co., Ltd., Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Approval of Qualification as Director, Announcement by Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. on Notice to Creditors Regarding the Cancellation of Repurchased A Shares and Reduction of Registered Capital, the
                   Working System for Independent Directors of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. (Revised in 2023), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on
                   the Resolutions of the Sixth Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board




                                                                                                                                                                          Corporate Governance
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
133   2023-11-28   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement by Huatai
                   Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Seventh tranche) (Type 1)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Provision of Guarantees for Medium Term Notes
134   2023-11-29
                   Issued by an Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Settlement of the Principal and Interest of 2023
135   2023-12-04
                   and Delisting for 2020 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche) (Type 2)

                   Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the month ended November 30, 2023, Overseas Regulatory
                   Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued
136   2023-12-05
                   to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 1), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for 2022
                   Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Eighth tranche) (Type 2)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
137   2023-12-07   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned
                   Subsidiary Conducting Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee




                                                                                                                                                                         Financial Report and
                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
138   2023-12-08
                   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on Indirectly Wholly-owned Subsidiary Conducting
139   2023-12-10   Issuance according to Medium-term Notes Plan and with Wholly-owned Subsidiary Providing Guarantee, Announcement on Issuance




                                                                                                                                                                       Documents for Inspection
                   Results for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Fifth tranche)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcements – Announcement on Coupon Rate of 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities Co.,
140   2023-12-15   Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche), Announcement by Huatai Securities Co., Ltd. on 2023 Interest Payment for
                   2022 Corporate Bonds Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Ninth tranche) (Type 1)

                   Overseas Regulatory Announcement – Announcement on Issuance Results for 2023 Short-term Corporate Bonds of Huatai Securities
141   2023-12-20
                   Co., Ltd. Publicly Issued to Professional Investors (Sixth tranche)




                                                                                                                                                                 453
 HUATAI SECURITIES




          3. During the Reporting Period, the Company disclosed the following matters on the website of
          the London Stock Exchange (www.londonstockexchange.com):


           No.       Date                                                          Announcement



            1    2023-01-03   POLL RESULTS OF THE EGM, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

           2     2023-02-06   EXTENSION ANNOUNCEMENT ON THE GENERAL MEETINGS

           3     2023-03-30   2022 CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY REPORT, REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF PART OF SHARES, 2022 ANNUAL FINANCIAL REPORT

           4     2023-04-26   2022 ANNUAL REPORT

           5     2023-04-28   FIRST QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2023

           6     2023-05-30   NOTICE OF AGM AND A SHARE CLASS MEETING

            7    2023-06-30   RESULTS OF AGM AND A SHARE & H SHARE CLASS MEETING

           8     2023-08-01   NOTICE OF BOND LISTING

           9     2023-08-03   IMPLEMENTATION OF EQUITY DISTRIBUTION FOR 2022

           10    2023-08-09   NOTICE OF BOND LISTING

           11    2023-08-14   2023 INTERIM PRELIMINARY FINANCIAL DATA

           12    2023-08-30   INTERIM RESULTS ANNOUNCEMENT

                              RESIGNATION OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, LIST OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION, REPURCHASE AND CANCELLATION OF PART
           13    2023-09-19
                              OF SHARES

           14    2023-09-27   2023 INTERIM REPORT

           15    2023-10-12   COMPLETION OF THE CHANGE OF REGISTERED CAPITAL, ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION

                              THIRD QUARTERLY REPORT OF 2023, PROPOSED ELECTION OF NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR, NOTICE OF EGM AND A SHARE CLASS MEETING,
           16    2023-10-30
                              CANCELLATION OF EGM AND A SHARE CLASS MEETING

           17    2023-10-31   CANCELLATION OF REPURCHASED A SHARES

           18    2023-11-24   LIST OF DIRECTORS AND THEIR ROLE AND FUNCTION, RESULTS OF 2023 SECOND EGM AND CLASS MEETINGS

           19    2023-11-29   NOTICE OF LISTING OF THE NOTES




454
